===== 2025 Q1  (2025-05-06 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Wynn Resorts First Quarter 2025 Earnings Call. All participants are in a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer session of today's conference. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. I will now turn the line over to Julie Cameron-Doe, Chief Financial Officer. Please go ahead.
Julie Cameron-Doe: Thank you, operator, and good afternoon, everyone. On the call with me today are Craig Billings, Brian Gullbrants and Jenny Holaday in Las Vegas. Also on the line are Linda Chen and Frederic Luvisutto. Please note that we've published a presentation to provide more color on the company and recent performance ahead of this call. You can find the presentation on our newly relaunched Investor Relations website. I want to remind you that we may make forward-looking statements under Safe Harbor federal securities laws, and those statements may or may not come true. I will now turn the call over to Craig Billings.
Craig Billings: Thanks, Julie. Good afternoon, and as always, thank you for joining us. Before we get into the quarter, I want to take a moment to recognize a very significant milestone. Last month, I was pleased to join nearly 1,700 of our day one Wynn Las Vegas employees in celebration of the 20th anniversary of our iconic Las Vegas resort. I want to take a moment to express my gratitude to each and every one of our team members, including those 1,700 folks who have been with us in Vegas since the beginning. This anniversary was a tribute to the dedication, passion and hard work that so many have demonstrated over the years to build the strength of our business today, a business that is delivering near record results with a significant property opening now less than two years away. I also want to acknowledge the significant contributions of Elaine Wynn to both our business and the broader Las Vegas community. Elaine, who cared so deeply about our employees, was truly one of a kind and will be missed by many. Turning to the business, I'd like to address upfront the potential impact of tariffs on our business. We expect the direct impact of tariffs on OpEx to be low and entirely manageable, with most of the impact in the US stemming from food and beverage, where we are actively working through alternative sourcing for the most impactful items. CapEx, however, is a different story. We had a number of CapEx projects in flight in the US. And while we have sourced for those projects presuming some tariff impact, the current tariff rates have driven us to delay about $375 million of CapEx projects, including the Encore Tower remodel. Once tariff rates have settled, we will thoroughly respec and resource the most severely affected items. While we're staying nimble, the pace of change at the moment is just too significant to commit to revised timing on that CapEx. Turning to the potential indirect impacts. There's been plenty of recent research on the potential impact of tariffs on growth. And while we are certainly better insulated than some given our more resilient affluent customer base, there is obviously uncertainty out there. So far, however, our businesses in Vegas and Macau are holding up quite well. In Vegas, April RevPAR was up slightly from 2024, slot handle was up and group activity was as expected. So the business through April felt pretty good. And the visibility we have into forward demand, which is primarily through our group and convention business, also looks just fine. Of course, the booking window in other channels is much shorter than group, and so we are watching those channels carefully. In Macau, mass drop in April was in line with 2024, and direct VIP turnover was up nicely. Golden Week, which just ended, saw mass drop up from last year and full occupancy in the hotels. But again, the booking window there is short, and we are watching customer activity day-to-day. Long story short, recent results have been good, but we have to acknowledge the uncertainty out there and the impact that uncertainty may have on demand. As always, we have a playbook ready for every scenario. So with that, let's turn to the quarter. We were pleased to deliver another solid quarter of EBITDA here in Las Vegas on an impossible comp against the 2024 Super Bowl. On last quarter's call, we called out a $25 million headwind to EBITDA, and we did a bit better than that as we were only down about $11 million when adjusting for hold in both periods. Demand remained healthy in the quarter with a 4% increase in total casino revenues even without the Super Bowl in 2025. Our slot business continues to be a bright spot as the investments we have made in our premium slot areas and in the team have helped maintain our premium positioning. In fact, if you remove Super Bowl weekend from the prior year quarter, we were up across the board. Drop, handle, RevPAR, non-gaming revenues and EBITDA all up year-over-year. Turning to Boston. Encore Boston Harbor generated $57 million of EBITDAR. Slot volumes continue to hold up well with slot went up about 3%. More recently, demand in Boston has remained healthy through April with drop and handle flat to last year. In Macau, other than hold, the business in Q1 felt very good. Business generated $252 million in EBITDA with poor VIP hold costing us nearly $40 million of EBITDA. We saw healthy volumes in the quarter with turnover up 31% and mass drop up a point, both sequentially. Adjusted for VIP hold, we grew market share sequentially and improved EBITDA margins from Q4 to Q1. While the market in Macau continues to be highly competitive, we remain disciplined in our focus on maximizing EBITDA and generating a healthy margin profile. We were also pleased to recently open the Gourmet Pavilion food hall at Wynn Palace, an exciting new amenity for us, which is already driving visitation and eliciting enthusiasm from our customers. In fact, since opening the Gourmet Pavilion, we have seen about 2,400 incremental daily restaurant covers at Wynn Palace, a strong indicator of additional visitation to the property. Turning to Wynn Al Marjan Island. Construction is now up to the 47th floor of the tower, and we will top out later this year. We will soon be commencing with the fit out of interiors in portions of the building, and we're also now sculpting the elaborate beachside poolscape. We remain on track for our targeted opening date, and we believe the property will be well positioned as the only integrated resort to open in the near-term into what several analysts have predicted will be a $5 plus billion GGR market. We think this is the most compelling development opportunity in the industry right now. Our future is bright. And as I mentioned last quarter, while our stock price continues to inappropriately reflect the value of our assets, we will buy back stock. To that end, we purchased $200 million of stock in the first quarter and another $100 million thus far in Q2. With that, I will now turn it back to Julie to run through some additional details on the quarter.
Julie Cameron-Doe: Thank you, Craig. At Wynn Las Vegas, we generated $223.4 million in adjusted property EBITDA on $625.3 million of operating revenue during the quarter, delivering an EBITDA margin of 35.7%. Removing the Super Bowl weekend from each quarter, revenue and EBITDA were up 5.4% and 2.7%, respectively. OpEx excluding gaming tax per day was $4.3 million in the quarter, up 4.1% compared to the prior year due to normal wage inflation from our union and non-union areas and a prior year recovery of bad debt. The team in Las Vegas continues to exercise strong cost discipline and has been able to mitigate the majority of recent payroll related increases without impacting the guest experience. Turning to Boston. We generated adjusted property EBITDA of $57.5 million on revenue of $209.2 million with an EBITDA margin of 27.5%. Prior year EBITDA benefited $2 million from a one-time credit to OpEx in addition to about $3 million of high hold. We stayed very disciplined on the cost side with OpEx per day of $1.18 million up just 1% from Q1 '24 despite continued labor cost pressures in that market. The Boston team has continued to do a great job of mitigating union related payroll increases with cost efficiencies in areas of the business that do not impact the guest experience. Our Macau operations delivered adjusted property EBITDA of $252.1 million in the quarter on $865.9 million of operating revenue resulting in an EBITDA margin of 29.1% in the quarter. Lower than normal VIP hold impacted EBITDA by a little over $38 million in the quarter. OpEx excluding gaming tax was approximately $2.64 million per day in Q1, flat year-on-year. The team has done a great job in staying disciplined on costs, and we remain well positioned to drive strong operating leverage as the market continues to grow over time. In terms of CapEx in Macau, we recently opened the Gourmet Pavilion at Wynn Palace, as Craig mentioned, and we're currently advancing through the design, planning and approval stages on several of our larger concession commitments. As we noted the past few quarters, these projects require a number of government approvals, creating a wide range of potential CapEx outcomes in the near-term. As such, we expect total CapEx spend in 2025 inclusive of our concession related commitments and other projects to range between $250 million to $300 million. Moving on to the balance sheet, our liquidity position remains very strong with global cash and revolver availability of $3.2 billion as of March 31. This was comprised of $1.8 billion of total cash and available liquidity in Macau and $1.3 billion in the US. The combination of strong performance in each of our markets globally with our properties generating nearly $2.3 billion of LTM adjusted property EBITDA together with our robust cash position creates a very healthy consolidated net leverage ratio of just over 4.3 times. Our strong free cash flow and liquidity profile also allows us to continue returning capital to shareholders in both Macau and the US. To that end, the Wynn Macau Board recently announced it is recommended to shareholders an increase in the final dividend for 2024 to $125 million up from $50 million in the previous period, subject to shareholders approval at the upcoming Annual General Meeting on May 23rd. In addition, the Wynn Resorts Board has approved a cash dividend of $0.25 per share payable on May 30th, 2025, to stockholders of record as of May 16th. During the quarter, we repurchased 2.36 million shares for approximately $200 million and an additional $100 million so far in Q2 '25. These share buybacks, together with our recurring dividend, highlight our focus on and continued commitment to prudently returning capital to shareholders. In terms of CapEx, we spent approximately $160 million of CapEx in the quarter, primarily related to the villa renovations and food and beverage enhancements in Las Vegas, concession related CapEx in Macau and normal cost maintenance across the business. Additionally, we contributed $51.2 million of equity to the Wynn Al Marjan Island project during the quarter, bringing our total equity contribution to-date to $682.9 million. During the quarter, we started drawing on the construction loan with a drawn amount to-date of $278 million. We estimate our remaining 40% pro rata share of the required equity is approximately $650 million to $725 million. With that, we will now open up the call to Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Carlo Santarelli with Deutsche Bank. You may go ahead, sir.
Carlo Santarelli: Hey, Craig, Julie, everyone. Maybe this is for Craig. I know that the way that we see promos, discounts, in Las Vegas is different than maybe the way that you guys think about them or see them. But it does look like in the first quarter, that came down fairly really both as a relative to [Technical Difficulty] on a dollar basis. I was wondering if there's been any change there or if just a lot of what we're seeing is the Super Bowl comparison and some of that savings is coming through just from that weekend alone.
Craig Billings: Sure, Carlo. It's those numbers are going to correlate very strongly with ADR because a significant component of our reinvestment is in the form of rooms. So your presumption that it relates to Super Bowl is correct because our ADRs over Super Bowl were even more off the charts than they are ordinarily.
Carlo Santarelli: Okay, great. And then, Julie, you talked about kind of the contributions and where things stand as of today. How should we think about the cadence of kind of that remaining $650 million to $725 million?
Julie Cameron-Doe: Yes. Thanks, Carlo. I think we've talked about this in the past that it's following the usual kind of construction curve. So it's going to be we'll be deploying that over the course of the remainder of this year and into next year.
Carlo Santarelli: Okay, great. Thank you.
Craig Billings: But it is pro rata. It is essentially side by side with the bank financing. So it is not equity first, bank second.
Operator: Thank you. Our next caller is Sean Kelley with Bank of America.
Sean Kelley: Hi. Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. Craig, maybe you can just give us your thoughts on there's obviously a lot of questions around kind of the consumer and some of the mix. And as your business has evolved, particularly the growth you've seen in slots, could you just give us your latest sense on sort of how much international inbound is Wynn exposed to and how much sort of China or Asia sourced VIP should we think about purely on the Las Vegas side of the equation? That'd be helpful.
Craig Billings: Sure. First step is to bifurcate it between the very high end and not the very high end. On the very high end, we're not seeing really any implications for visitation at all. Outside of that group, post-COVID, international is like 9% of Las Vegas room nights, which is we can easily, easily backfill. And so we don't see -- we do see a decrease in international visitation, particularly from Canada and Mexico, as others have mentioned. It doesn't really impact us much at all.
Sean Kelley: That's helpful. And then big picture, obviously, it looks like sounds like the forward calendar and everything you're seeing on group is consistent and fairly unchanged, which I think fits with everything we've heard from the market right now. But maybe just your thoughts on sort of the rate picture as we move into the summer kind of across Memorial Day. Sometimes that area gets a little bit more volatile. Obviously, the booking windows are very short. But anything that you see in activity there or anything you see on the pricing side one way or another that we should be aware of?
Craig Billings: Nothing from a pricing perspective, nothing out of the ordinary. From a booking perspective, honestly, this last weekend, we had bookings that were well above the norm. And so look, we can be naive. There's uncertainty out there, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, and we have to watch this stuff day-to-day. But as I also said in my prepared remarks, things look fine as of now and booking continues kind of where we would expect it. Although again, as you rightly point out, the booking window is relatively short. So we'll see once things really start to kick in and the impact of the decrease in port traffic that you're seeing in L.A. And the impact of tariffs really set in, we'll see. But as of now everything is pretty good actually. Brian, anything you'd add?
Sean Kelley: Thank you very much.
Brian Gullbrants: I'd say the revenue team and our sales team are continuing to take rate wherever they can. You can look for yourself. Our rates are extremely strong, beating the market. And when we look to 26% on the group side, we're pacing even better than expected. So feeling good about group pace and feeling good about where we are right now. We'll see what happens in the summer.
Craig Billings: But watching it like a hawk.
Brian Gullbrants: That's right.
Sean Kelley: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. David Katz with Jefferies. You may go ahead.
David Katz: Good evening, everybody. Thanks for taking my question. Can you just talk a bit more about Macau? And we've obviously heard your commentary about the competitiveness in that market. And just talk a bit more about how that manifests and how you respond to it. Are we talking about credit or promotions or what else is manifesting in terms of that heightened credit?
Craig Billings: Yes, sure. I mean, I think it's -- I think one of our peers talked about it on a call regarding the strength of the premium mass market and the importance of the premium mass market to Macau at the moment, and we would clearly second that. I mean, you have a market where the booking window is short, and for a while, the promotional environment was probably more player friendly than it had historically been. That's eased and what we see is a pretty stable promotional environment now. But it's the day-to-day hand-to-hand combat of getting that customer to make a trip and getting that customer to come to your property. So I can't say it's any one of those things that you mentioned. It's really a combination of kind of all of them. And the competition for that customer segment is fierce. So what do we rely on? We rely on the things that we've always done really, really well, service, the quality of the product. And then muscles that we've built over the course of the past few years on the machine learning side and on offer development and offer delivery on many of the new amenities that we've put in, the complete reconfiguration and changes that we've done in our food and beverage program, the opening of the food hall that we just talked about, all of those things are important to our ability to be competitive. But it's a river of nickels, David. So it's really all of those things, and you got to be prepared to do all of those things and doing well.
David Katz: Understood. And I just want to be clear. Is it notably worse than it was six or 12 months ago? And do you have any sense about what the trajectory of that might be in the next 12 months?
Craig Billings: No, I don't. In fact, I think it's better. So I think everybody came out of COVID. I mean, you had this period of closure and you had a period in which the junkets were taken out of the market. And so I think you had this period of time coming out of COVID when everybody was kind of finding their footing. I think we were unique coming out of COVID because we were in particularly strong shape coming out of the gates. And I think at this point, everybody has kind of found who they are and how they're going to compete. And I think that stability that we're seeing in the market over the course of the past, call it, six months is good for the market, but it doesn't change the fact that it's a very, very competitive dynamic. When I say it's a competitive dynamic, it's not a negative statement. It's not a -- I'm not saying anything bad about the market. I'm just stating the reality, and it's a reality we live with every day, and we're fine with it.
David Katz: Perfect. Thank you.
Craig Billings: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Stephen Grambling with Morgan Stanley. You may go ahead.
Stephen Grambling: Hey, thank you. Craig, I think in your opening remarks, you talked about the disconnect in the value of the stock and your willingness to buy back, which sometimes you hear about conglomerates and holding companies having discounts. I guess, how do you think about synergies from operating as one business across multiple properties globally and one brand versus perhaps dis-synergies if there ever was an option to consider in separating out properties?
Craig Billings: Well, taking a single scale business that can pull cash flow from multiple sources and redeploy it into development opportunities globally and turning it into multiple subscale businesses that cannot is probably not a good idea. Second, you have a reasonable amount of cross property play. And in fact, there are elements of our marketing strategy that are deployed globally. You have a lot of efficiencies in the capital structure by having a business that has more scale and more sources of cash flow. There's a whole litany of reasons that operating the business as a single business makes sense.
Stephen Grambling: That's helpful. And one of the first things you said was development. So I'm curious, one of the things that you haven't touched on yet, I don't think, was just around New York. That's something that's been out there a little bit. There's been some waffling from some of your peers. I guess, what's your latest thoughts and maybe any timing thoughts on New York as a development opportunity?
Craig Billings: Sure. I think the current plan seems to be for the RFAs to be submitted by the end of June with licenses awarded sometime by the end of '25 or early '26. New York is a great potential market, and we're certainly prepared to put together a fair proposal. It's also a complicated market with a lot of considerations. You've heard some of our peers talk about online gaming, and that's certainly a point of concern for us. And we also need to consider the potential impact of tariffs on build costs. So and then pile on top of that the fact that the local politics are complicated. So we continue to be in the running in New York, but we absolutely will not get over our skis to win license there.
Stephen Grambling: Great. Thank you so much.
Craig Billings: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next caller is Robin Farley with UBS.
Robin Farley: Great. Thanks. Just going back to the CapEx that you mentioned you're putting on hold. Can you give us a sense of sort of what projects? And also what's the scale of that the increase in that CapEx cost? I'm just thinking if that would be similar read through to your potential New York project in terms of the CapEx impact from tariffs. Thanks.
Craig Billings: Well, first, the bulk of it is the Encore Tower remodel. So call that high 200s out of 375 that we talked about. The rest of it is kind of cats and dogs that we were doing here in the US. I don't think the read through would be instructive because you're talking about a greenfield new build where you have a lot of steel, a lot of MEP, a lot of things that are sourced from a lot of different places. And in this particular instance, we had kind of two or three relatively high dollar items on a per unit basis that were sourced from high tariff locations. So I don't think the read through would be applicable.
Robin Farley: Okay, great. Understood. And then just on the group piece, some of the larger hotel companies have talked about softening group. And so I think the comment about 2026 was like pacing better than expected. Can you -- I guess what had you been expecting just to think about how your '26 group is trending just relative to what we're hearing from the other large hotel companies? Thanks.
Craig Billings: I'll start by saying we are not experiencing softening group. But, Brian, do you want to follow-up?
Brian Gullbrants: Yes. The strength in '26 that we're seeing, we would probably attribute to Q1. NADA, CONEXPO, there's a couple of large groups that alternate cycles, and they're lining up next year. So next year looks great. Demand is strong and we're looking quite good. So feeling good about '26 right now.
Robin Farley: Great. That's super helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. John DeCree with CBRE. You may go ahead, sir.
John DeCree: Hi, everyone. Thanks for taking my questions. Maybe on the development pipeline, you mentioned Thailand. In the slide deck, we've talked about that a little bit in past calls and New York, but I guess there's some rumbling that Japan might reopen bidding for IRs. I'm curious, Craig, if you'd look at Japan again and under kind of what pretense that might be interesting for you.
Craig Billings: Thank you for the question. There's we'll always look at any gateway city where meaningful capital can be deployed, and we think the Wynn brand resonates. So Japan fits that bill. There's structural challenges in the way that the licensure and ownership have been outlined in Japan. And so when we look at it, of course, but it's got to be right, and the setup has to be right for us. We have plenty of development opportunities. We have a land bank in the UAE. We have a land bank in Boston. We have a land bank in Las Vegas. You mentioned Thailand. Obviously, the bill there has been delayed, and there's some components to the bill that probably won't work if they stay in the bill. But it's an amazing potential market with unbelievable airlift, infrastructure, tourism, et cetera. So we've got plenty of development opportunities. We would only look at Japan if the setup was right.
John DeCree: That's helpful, Craig. I appreciate the insight on that one. And then maybe an easy one. Not sure to the extent inflation or construction cost inflation kind of overflows outside of the US, but do you see any risk in global construction costs at the UAE? I think your contract there or even in Macau any potential cost increases on CapEx that you've seen?
Craig Billings: Quite the opposite. Well, two things. One, we're -- we have a substantial portion of the UAE already bought out. So we have very, very strong budget certainty in the UAE. Elsewhere, you really it's more on the FF&Es on the Furniture, Fixtures and Equipment side. You have vendors out there that have lost a lot of customers. And so you see opportunities actually from a cost savings perspective. I can't quantify that into any of the projects that we're executing right now because it's too early, frankly, with where we are in the process in Macau. And again, we're pretty much bought out in the UAE. But, no, I don't see any spillover effects outside of the US.
John DeCree: Great. Thanks, Craig. I appreciate the help.
Craig Billings: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Brandt Montour with Barclays. You may go ahead.
Brandt Montour: Good afternoon or good evening, everybody. Thanks for taking my question. So I just want to clarify on the CapEx announcement today on the call with $375 million of spend. The decks that you put up, it doesn't look like there's much difference for the Encore Tower shifting. I'm just hoping you could clarify that. And then specifically, for the Encore Tower, I don't think you were expecting much disruption in the year. And so I guess we should sit here and think that there's not much benefit of pausing it for operational considerations, but how are you thinking about how that will affect the '25 P&L?
Julie Cameron-Doe: Sure. Thanks for that, Brandt. Yes, if you look carefully at page I think it's page 19 in the presentation, we did keep everything as is and but there's a footnote calling out the $375 million delay. The reason for that and we debated how to present it, was really good. As Craig said, we can't actually come up with the accurate timing of when that's going to happen. So we don't want anyone to think we are canceling it because we're absolutely not. We're fully focused on getting it done. We just have to do the work now to figure out once tariffs settle down, how can we respec and rescope and then reschedule and retime how we're going to do it. So it's still in the CapEx forecast because it's going to happen at some point. It's just we can't be clear on the timing, so we just footnoted it.
Craig Billings: And then figuring out the revised timing is not trivial because when we respec pieces, particularly Furniture and Fixtures, it's not like we're flipping through a catalog, right? We're getting samples created. We're SIP testing those. We're beating those up. We're getting feedback from operations from the finishes. We're giving comments back to the vendor. This is a process that takes a lot of time. So to the extent that we respec a single piece of furniture, we're delayed by X number of months. There's just nothing we can do about that. So as Julie said, once we have certainty on sourcing and once we have certainty on what the tariffs will be from the country of origin on those sources, then we'll recommence. We just don't know when that is right now. Right now, we're selling all the rooms in Encore through end of this year, Brian?
Brian Gullbrants: Correct.
Craig Billings: End of this year. And so if we move out another couple of months, then we'll start selling through the end of Q1. But we'll do the CapEx eventually.
Brandt Montour: Okay. That's really helpful. And then a follow-up on Macau. Julie, I think you said that the OpEx ex-tax per day was flat year-over-year. I know you also opened up the food hall, at the Palace. I'm just sort of curious how you're able to keep OpEx per day flat with that opening. And then also if you could give us a sense of how that should trend throughout the year with I know that you guys have more concession agreement related stuff, but you're waiting on approval. So any other thoughts on the progression of the year on OpEx per day would be helpful.
Julie Cameron-Doe: Sure. Thanks for that. We opened the Gourmet Food Pavilion just about a week ago. So it didn't it wasn't included in the quarter. We've managed OpEx very, very carefully though. We've been very focused on how we can drive economies elsewhere so that we can seek to neutralize the impact of the additional cost associated with that. So we're working on that. And as a result, as we look out where OpEx is going to land throughout the remainder of the year, it's in the right zone where it is right now.
Brandt Montour: Great. Thanks very much.
Craig Billings: And I would just add to that. The team who's on the call is doing their job right, we're generating incremental revenue out of the footfall that we get out of that facility. So sure we pick up a couple of hundred FTEs. We can manage that we can manage that pretty easily relative to the total employee base, but we should be driving incremental EBITDA out of that. And that's really the approach with each of the concession related commitments that we made. Now the margin profile on those concession commitments, we need to focus on that and drive that. But if we have 2,400 incremental covers that we're doing in Wynn Palace every day, it's a pretty trivial amount of conversion to the gaming floor that we need out of those incremental visitors in order to drive EBITDA that more than fades the OpEx coming out of the food hall itself.
Brandt Montour: Makes sense. Thanks, everyone.
Operator: Thank you. Ben Chaiken from Mizuho. You may go ahead.
Ben Chaiken: Hey, thanks for taking my question. Regarding Wynn Al Marjan, I think in the past we've talked about some of the different player cohorts in three buckets. Number one, inbound to Ras Al Khaimah. And number two, those living in Dubai. And then number three, destination luxury customers. Understanding this is a brand new asset, how would you rank order those in terms of opportunity as you see it? And then anything you can share regarding the expected demand or magnitude of the second bucket, those living in Dubai? Thanks.
Craig Billings: You either took really good notes or have a great memory. Those are, in fact, the three cohorts that we would focus on. I don't rank order them because each of them is incredibly important. You can think of those markets, you can think of them slightly differently. So in Las Vegas, as an example, 25,000 people a day come through Wynn Las Vegas, but only 10,000 of them are lodgers. And the rest of them are coming from adjacent properties and from the Las Vegas Strip. That's very akin to the first group that you mentioned and that's about having sufficient amenities to drive to really get one of their four days in Ras Al Khaimah on property. The second bucket is a lot like a locals market. And so you can think of that very similar to the wonderful business that we have in Boston, where you're dealing with people that are within a certain driving range and you market to those folks in a very specific way. You use food and beverage in a very specific way. And the third bucket is really the vast majority of our larger business here in Las Vegas, which is a fly to market as opposed to a locals market. So from an EBITDA perspective, each one of them is important. And from a vibe and aesthetic and customer experience perspective, each one of them is important and they each play a role in the programming that we have put into that building.
Ben Chaiken: Thanks. Appreciate it.
Craig Billings: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Chad Beynon with Macquarie. You may go ahead, sir.
Chad Beynon: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. Wanted to ask a two parter on a few of the non-gaming related items in Las Vegas. Julie, I think you mentioned at the beginning of that OpEx should increase on food and beverage. First question, is there a specific growth rate that you can kind of talk to that would offset some of those price increases to keep margins flat? And then my second question is around the retail business. Not sure if you've seen any impact in terms of the high end handbags and watches at your stores. And can you just kind of remind us if it's roughly an 80-20 base versus turnover on that business? Thank you.
Craig Billings: Sure. I'll take each one of those. So first, I may have perhaps I misspoke in my prepared remarks. What I said in my prepared remarks is that we don't expect tariff impact on OpEx. I think that was the genesis of your question on food and beverage.
Chad Beynon: Yes. Okay. Sorry about that. Thank you.
Craig Billings: That's okay. We don't expect any impact because it's really a sourcing question. Now are there certain things that you can only get from certain places? Absolutely. But the vast majority of things that would be most impactful, we can resource and we're already on it now. So we don't expect much there. In terms of retail, you can see the Q1 numbers. You can see in our press release where you can see everything else. Retail was essentially flat year-over-year, and that's coming off an absolutely incredible comp. So nothing really and frankly coming off a prior year that had Super Bowl in it, which is a -- which was obviously a giant retail number. So nothing of note in retail to talk about. And lease terms vary not all over the place, but they vary a decent amount between base rent and percentage of turnover. So there's not a lot that you can infer from our lease revenues about the gross value of goods.
Chad Beynon: Okay. And just to be clear, yes, my question was kind of going forward on a tariff impact on the pricing of some of those items in the stores. So you're not you haven't seen anything thus far in terms of price increases or hearing potential increases from your tenants in April for the outlook?
Craig Billings: We have not. I think that's going to come down to retailer by retailer, and those are really, at the end of the day, their decisions. I mean, we're just we're the landlord effectively, and we do a great job managing our real estate, but we're not in there, obviously, making pricing decisions with them.
Chad Beynon: Okay. Thank you very much.
Craig Billings: Sure.
Julie Cameron-Doe: Thanks, Chad. Operator, the next question will be the last one. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And our final question comes from Joe Stauff with Susquehanna. You may go ahead, sir.
Joseph Stauff: Thank you. Two quick questions please, if I could, on Macau. Craig, I was just curious maybe on your observations on the competitive environment in Macau, Cotai in particular, and whether or not you are seeing any impact from, say, the new hotel product recently launched from some of your competitors?
Craig Billings: Sure. Thanks for the question. On the first one, I'll really reference back a bit to how I responded to David. It's a very competitive market. I think you've heard that from a number of our peers. As I said earlier, that competition manifests itself in many, many ways. The promotional environment is actually quite stable, but it's day-to-day, hand-to-hand combat in order to be competitive in that market. And I think that's true for everyone. On the hotel product side, we continue to run full. We continue to have market share that we're very proud of. We are incredibly proud of the state of our assets. We keep them in tip top shape, and we continue to run the best service levels in the market. So you're right, there is incremental product coming to market. That is absolutely the case. We, too, have been innovating with CapEx, not on the room side, but in other amenities, as we've talked about pretty extensively on this call. And I like our ability to be competitive there.
Joseph Stauff: Thank you.
Craig Billings: Sure.
Julie Cameron-Doe: Okay. Well, thank you, operator, and thank you to all the participants on the call. We appreciate your interest in Wynn Resorts and we look forward to talking to you again next quarter.
Operator: Thank you for participating on today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q4  (2025-02-13 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Wynn Resorts, Limited fourth quarter 2024 earnings call. All participants are in a listen-only mode until the question and answer session of today's conference. Press star one on your touch-tone phone. Record your name, and I will introduce you. Please limit yourself to one question and one follow-up question. This call is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. I will now turn the line over to Julie Cameron-Doe, Chief Financial Officer. Please go ahead.
Julie Cameron-Doe: Thank you, operator, and good afternoon, everyone. On the call with me today are Craig Billings and Brian Gullbrants in Las Vegas. Also on the line are Linda Chen and Frederic Lubosuto. Please note that we published a presentation to provide more color on the company and recent performance ahead of this call. You can find the presentation on our Investor Relations website. This will become a regular fixture along with our earnings release going forward. I want to remind you that we may make forward-looking statements on the safe harbor federal securities laws, and those statements may or may not come true. I will now turn the call over to Craig Billings.
Craig Billings: Thanks, Julie, and good afternoon. As always, thank you for joining us today. We've been very active over the past three years making innumerable positive changes to and investments in our businesses in Las Vegas, Boston, and Macau. Changes in how we market, in our underlying technology, in how we deliver service to our best customers, in how we build and program food and beverage and retail, in how we program entertainment, in the production of our own unique events and in how we control expenses. All of these changes made in pursuit of further distancing ourselves from our competitors. And you can see the results of these efforts in our 2024 results. Yet another record year of adjusted property EBITDA including another annual record in Las Vegas. Operationally, we are stronger, more nimble, and more results-focused than we have ever been. Meanwhile, we are expeditiously developing what I believe to be the most exciting development project in the industry in the UAE. A project that will ultimately produce meaningful EBITDA and further diversify our business. The opening of that project coupled with a concurrent reduction in the amount of CapEx we will be deploying in North America, will also mark an important inflection point in our free cash flow profile. Our future is bright. And it is this bright future coupled with the fact that our stock price continues inappropriately reflect the value of our assets that drove us to repurchase $200 million of stock in the fourth quarter and another $150 million thus far in Q1. While industry multiples remain suppressed, while growth capital remains focused on a narrow set of AI and tech companies, and until we believe Wynn Elmarjan is appropriately reflected in our valuation, we will continue to repurchase our equity because we believe the return profile on those repurchases is me. Now turning to the quarter and starting here in Las Vegas. Demand remained healthy in the fourth quarter with table games drop essentially flat against a very tough comp and slot handle up by 13%. Our gaming market share for the quarter grew meaningfully, highlighting the strength and quality of what we offer here in Vegas. Our non-gaming business in Q4 was also strong though it was impacted by tough year-over-year comparisons during F1 week. EBITDA during the event in 2024 was about $20 million lower than in 2023. The lion's share of the difference was due to a decline in RevPAR stemming from lower overall Las Vegas room rates during that event, though it is important to note that in both years, our ADRs were about 50% higher than those of two closest competing properties here in Las Vegas. And our daily EBITDA during the 2024 event remained materially elevated relative to the years before F1 was a fixture in the market. The F1 team did a tremendous job with this year's event, and with the event having now settled in, we have a good baseline from which to grow in future years. More recently, demand in January looked good with both drop and handle up year over year and ADR and SMB covers both up year over year. Course, this year, we didn't have the benefit of hosting the Super Bowl here in Las Vegas, which impacts February. And that's about a $25 million EBITDA headwind for Q1 versus 2024. Excluding Super Bowl weekend, all of our key volume metrics metrics are up year over year. Looking further out, we already have our budgeted group and convention room nights for 2025 on the books at healthy ADRs. And transient booking demand over the last two weeks has been extremely robust. When coupled with a calendar that is once again chock full of large demand drivers in the market, the setup for 2025 feels good. The team at Wynn Las Vegas continues to set the standard and with new food and beverage openings later this year, including the much-anticipated opening of Zero Bond, a planned renovation of the Encore Tower and other relatively modest targeted investments We will exit 2025 even stronger and with limited remaining CapEx on the horizon. Turning to Boston, Encore Boston We were encouraged by particular strength in our slot business where handle was up. 6% This helps set a new all-time property record for slot revenue. Offsetting some of the union-related payroll increases incurred in 2024. We continue to grow the database and stabilize some of the recently opened with the property's best days ahead. More recently, demand in Boston has remained healthy through January led by strong year-over-year growth in slot handle, and stable non-gaming revenue against a tough comp. Turning to Macau, we generated $293 million of EBITDA during the fourth quarter, down about 1% year over year. And up 11% sequentially. While the market in Macau continues to be competitive, we remain disciplined in our focus on maximizing EBITDA and main We recently completed the rollout of digital tables throughout Wynn Palace and Wynn Macau which will yield OpEx benefits and when coupled with our data science and machine learning capabilities should allow us to be more precise and more efficient with reinvestment over the medium term. On the CapEx side, we made a number of improvements and optimizations in Macau in the fourth quarter most notably an expansion of the Chairman's Club at Wynn Macau, a gaming area focused on our best customers. We will also soon be adding a variety of food and beverage offerings in Wynn Palace with the opening of our destination food hall, a development that we believe will drive incremental visitation and footfall to Wynn Palace. Also continue to advance design work and approvals on the remainder of our concession related CapEx. The event center, the theater, and a production show at Wynn Palace. More recently, January was characterized by healthy mass table drop, strong direct VIP turnover, and full occupancy in the hotels while Chinese New Year saw a more prolonged period of visitation and less concentration on specific days than we saw in 2024. In fact, for the fourteen days beginning January twenty ninth, and including the days after the holiday period, volumes were healthy with drop and turnover in line with 2024 and slot handle up. During the period was choppy, but volume indicators look good. Turning to Wynn Almarjean Island in the UAE. Construction is rapidly progressing on the project with work now reaching the thirty fifth floor of the hotel and over 4.6 million square feet of concrete and steel in place. As we discussed at our Investor Day in October, we believe the UAE will be a $3 billion to $5 billion gaming market over time, and certainly the most exciting new market for our industry in decade. To support this project and the early work we are doing to build our database and brand awareness in the region, We were pleased to announce in early January that we entered into an agreement to purchase Aspenols in Mayfair, London. This small but strategic asset provides a presence in Central London where many of our future Wynnum Marjan customers spend a meaningful amount of time. Lastly, we are actively exploring and well positioned to capitalize on additional new market opportunities in attractive gateway cities. And we have strategic land banks in each of our new markets that provide an embedded long term growth pipeline. Meanwhile, our leverage profile continues to improve as free cash flow grows allowing us to increase the return of capital to shareholders through the recurring dividend and meaningful share repurchases. With that, I will now turn it over to Julie to run through some additional details on the quarter.
Julie Cameron-Doe: Thank you, Craig. At Wynn Las Vegas, we generated $267.4 million in adjusted property EBITDA on $699.5 million of operating revenue during the quarter. Delivering an EBITDA margin of 38.2% EBITDA was down 1% year on year, and revenues were up slightly on a difficult comp from 2023. Higher than normal table games hold positively impact EBITDA by a little more than $30 million in the quarter. While volume metrics were positive with drop essentially flat year on year and slot handle up 13%. OpEx excluding gaming tax per day was $4.4 million in the quarter up about 1% compared to the prior year. The team in Las Vegas continue to exercise strong cost discipline have largely mitigated the bulk of our union related payroll and other benefits increases without impacting the guest experience. Turning to Boston, we generated adjusted property EBITDA of $58.8 million down year over year on a tough comp on revenue of $212.7 million? With an EBITDA margin of 27.7% We've stayed very disciplined on the cost side. With OpEx per day of $1.17 million up only 2% year on year despite labor cost pressures in that market. The Boston team have also done a great job mitigating union related payroll increases with cost efficiencies in areas of the business that do not impact the guest experience, Our Macau operations delivered adjusted property EBITDA of $292.8 million in the quarter. On $926.6 million of operating revenue. Resulting in an EBITDA margin of 31.6% in the quarter.
Operator: Higher than normal VIP holds benefited EBITDA
Julie Cameron-Doe: by a little over $12 million in the quarter. OpEx excluding gaming tax was approximately $2.59 million per day in Q4. Up 1.2% year on year. The team has done a great job staying disciplined on costs and we remain well positioned to drive strong operating leverage as the market continues to grow over time. Terms of CapEx in Macau, currently advancing through the design, planning and approval stages on several of our concession Commitment. And as we noted the past few quarters, these projects require a number of government approvals creating a wide range of potential CapEx outcomes in the near term.
Craig Billings: As such, we now expect total CapEx spend in 2025
Julie Cameron-Doe: inclusive of our concession related commitments and other projects, to range between $250 million and $300 million Moving on to the balance sheet. Liquidity position remains very strong global cash and revolver availability of $3.5 billion as of December thirty one. This was comprised of $1.8 billion of total cash and available liquidity in Macao, and $1.7 billion in the US. The combination of strong performance in each of our markets globally with our properties generating nearly $2.4 billion at 2024 adjusted property EBITDA, together with our robust cash position, creates a very healthy consolidated net leverage ratio of just over four times. Our strong free cash flow and liquidity profile allows us to reduce leverage while returning capital to shareholders. To that end, the Wynn Resorts, Limited Board approved a cash dividend of $0.25 per share payable on March fifth 2025, to stockholders of record as of February twenty fourth. As Craig mentioned, we also repurchased 2.14 million shares for approximately $200 million during the bringing our total share repurchases for a year to 4.35 million shares for an aggregate cost of $386 million These share buybacks, together with our recurring dividend, highlight our focus on and continued commitment to prudently returning capital to shareholders. Finally, we spent approximately $127 million on CapEx in the quarter, primarily related to the villa renovations and food and beverage enhancements in Las Vegas, concession related CapEx in Macau and normal cost maintenance across the business. Additionally, we contributed $99 million of equity to the Wynn Al Majan project during the quarter, bringing our total equity contribution to date to $631.7 million We estimate our remaining 40% pro rata share of the required equity is approximately $700 million to $775 million fully loaded for capitalized interest
Operator: Please
Julie Cameron-Doe: certain improvements on the island. Importantly, we recently announced we finalized a $2.4 billion financing package for the project from a diverse group of globally recognized lenders, This landmark transaction is the largest hospitality finance in the history of the UAE and indicative of the broad support for this project from the financial community and beyond. We're very grateful for the support of our lenders and with the financing now in place, have achieved a significant milestone on the path to opening the project that's planned in early 2027. With that, we will now open up the call You and I.
Operator: Thank you. To ask a after the prompt, and I will introduce you for your question. Please limit yourself to one question and one follow-up question. To withdraw your question, press star two. Our first question comes from Carlo Santarelli from Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Carlo Santarelli: Hey, Craig, Julie. Everyone's Craig, if I could just start with with kind of a, I guess, a a question that that's more focused on Las Vegas. But when you are you know, giving that that headwind or in this case, the the the tailwind from kind of favorable hold, what win rate are you putting that back to? Is that like a 22% embedded table hold?
Craig Billings: Yeah. That's right.
Carlo Santarelli: Okay. So so my I guess my question is for close to two years now, if you look at the entirety of 2023 and 2024, your whole percentage has been kind of slightly north of of 25%. Now I was just wondering know, it it it feels as though perhaps, you know, the nature has changed a little bit. Clearly, there's been some mathematical changes, but also seems as though that the it's used higher more more often than not. So I'm kind of wondering if we're doing the right thing at this point by continuing to kind of knock down posted results by a number that you've achieved. Well, that's a good question, Carlo. And
Craig Billings: you're right. We tend to be pretty conservative. I think that's true by the way, not just in Las Vegas, but also in Macau. Based on side beds, tie beds, you know, cash that gets dropped at at at the VIP tables and not just rolling So I think your point's a valid one, and we certainly will
Carlo Santarelli: Great. Thank you. And then you know, obviously, one of your your peers in Las Vegas last night had very positive comments on January. You guys made positive comments on January and kind of the February period to date ex the Super Bowl. Should we take from those comments that from an EBITDA perspective, you are seeing growth in January and February with exception of of that Super Bowl period or is it still kind of you're seeing top line growth, you're seeing growth in in certain channels, and there's some cost pressures that you're trying to offset? Or is it is it kind of flowing through to EBITDA at this stage?
Craig Billings: Yeah. Well, first of all, you're you're right. January, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, January was good. And Super Bowl is not comparable. So, you know, what I would say is we were up year to year in all of the key volume indicators really if if you took it from a week ago, right, the day before, Super Bowl weekend started, We were up across the board. So that that to me is what's indicative of what's happening here in Las Vegas from a demand perspective. On the expense side, I think you've seen us be pretty good about managing the impact of cost pressures. You can see it in the 2024 results and driving pretty healthy margin.
Carlo Santarelli: So
Craig Billings: we feel good about Q1 other than the point that you raised, which is the Super Bowl hit win.
Carlo Santarelli: Great. Thank you. And then I if I could, one quick one on Macau. And I know obviously market shares are not something that's you guys focus on. Whether it's as it pertains to GGR market share. In terms of the competitive environment, you noted in your remarks that it remains competitive. It's always kind of competitive to an extent. But anything you're seeing as you look out to 2025, that would would move the needle one way or another in terms of of the the competitive nature of the market and how it impacts win.
Craig Billings: No. I think it's if you're you're correct, and we've said it as well. It is a highly competitive market. Competitive but stable. I don't think that there's there's anything unusually crazy going on, but you're correct. We've been again, we've said it many times. We're focused on EBITDA and margin. And that's what we think about every day. We know what our reinvestment is down to the base point? And we will modulate it as we feel like we need to in order to to drive the best EBITDA results we can.
Carlo Santarelli: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Next, we'll go to the line of Shaun Kelley from Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Shaun Kelley: Hi. Good afternoon, everyone. Thanks for taking my question.
Craig Billings: Craig or or Julie, just maybe we could ask about kind of keeping with Macau for a minute. As we zoom out, I think there's been a lot of discussion around pretty good footfall, you know, into the market during Chinese New Year, but some questions about spend per visit and and maybe is that, you know or reflection of anything on on the macro side. Kinda, can you just give us the the the bottom outlook of how you're seeing kind of the just behavior in the market act right now and just kind of your general sense of Thanks. you know, health, especially as you look across segment premium mask versus base mask?
Craig Billings: Sure. Pre the higher end premium is certainly outperformed base mask during during Chinese New Year. That that's that's definitely the case.
Julie Cameron-Doe: And and, you know, it could be
Craig Billings: could be the economy. There's a lot of lot of crosscurrents in the economy know, it's difficult to read. There's been modest stimulus Obviously, the economy is is, has seen stronger days in general, but I think it's fair to say that the premium customers outperform base best, at least for us. That's not commentary on on obviously the the entire market. And that's fine for us because that's our customer base. Great. And then maybe just
Shaun Kelley: a short follow-up. You mentioned in the prepared remarks the acquisition in London, quite a unique opportunity there. Craig, are there more sort of either bolt on opportunities like that, places you could look to opportunistically expand the brand short of know, kinda you know, full scale IR development. Just how do you see that? I know it's probably very unique, given, again, sort of the the global customer that probably you know, does do business in London, but just Yep. Could you broaden that out for us? Because it's it is unique. It's obviously something, you haven't explored before. I'm kinda curious how you're thinking about it.
Operator: Thanks.
Craig Billings: Sure. Yeah. It is unique. And and I think characterize it well. This this acquisition was really about establishing the presence in a key global gateway city. In a part of the world where when taken together with Wynn El Marcheline Island, we're building a meaningful business.
Shaun Kelley: So the two when you put the two properties together, they're gonna serve an area which is home to
Craig Billings: 2.5 billion people and 40% of the world's millionaires. So you you really should think about this as a part of Wen El Marjan, and in fact, the business will report up to Wen El Marjan.
Shaun Kelley: Thank you.
Operator: Next, we'll go to the line of John DeCree from CBRE. Please go ahead. Hi, everyone. Congratulations on the
Craig Billings: quarter and another successful year.
John DeCree: I wanted to ask
Craig Billings: about the gaming customer, the gaming volumes in Las Vegas.
Brian Gullbrants: In the four Q. I think know, quite a bit stronger than we were expecting a table drop about flat and slot handle was up nicely. I think MGM spoke to that as well. So curious if you could was that F1 customer kind of stable? Did the F1 customer play more slots, or was it kind of strong slot volumes across the whole quarters, kind of get a sense of was it a couple events that maybe drove that that swap volume or are you just seeing know, really good. No. Healthy play in slots all quarter and from your customer base. Yeah. It was it was
Craig Billings: not F1 in particular. It was broad based broad based strength. Across the quarter. And to us, it's indicative again, of healthy demand, not just in the market, but for what we offer.
John DeCree: Thanks, Craig. Maybe one on margin. Obviously, financing is now
Craig Billings: Complete.
John DeCree: And you're already in full speed ahead, but, you know, what are kind of major milestones we should think about between now and and early 2027? I think topping off might be, you know, targeted for the end of the year just curious what we should keep our eye on in terms of of major milestones from here.
Craig Billings: Yeah. So you're right. Topping off is is towards the end of this year. And subsequent to that, we actually will be spending more time with the sell side. And interested buy side folks on Wynnum Marjan we'll likely be arranging a market trip So that would probably be the next point at which you'll wanna be on the lookout because it's important that folks understand Really, the amazing all the amazing things that are happening in the UAE and in Dubai in general, the the prevalence of of high value food and beverage of luxury hotels there, and really the power of that market. So stay tuned because we'll be we'll be dragging folks out there to the extent that they wanna come.
John DeCree: Fantastic. Thanks, Craig. I'll pack my bag.
Craig Billings: Thanks, John. Next, we'll go to the line of David Katz from Jefferies.
Operator: Go ahead.
Craig Billings: I'm calling shotgun. It look, I wanted to ask something just a little longer term. Right? You know, Almarjan you know, I think is starting to define itself. Is obviously discussion About you know, whether New York is still know, a possibility. Can you just walk across the field of other opportunities that know, you would seriously consider you know, in lieu if if New York did not happen,
Shaun Kelley: Or
Craig Billings: you know, where where you would turn your might turn your attention next. Yeah. Sure. You know, we're a little bit unique in that we build very big battleship style, assets. Right? We generally don't do small development. The US regional gaming market is, is a a tough market. The the opportunities left there are primarily infill. And you have the potential cannibalization of from online gaming. So I think the US regional market has stopped. So what do we have before us? We have Marjohn. We have a land bank in Marjohn, a very substantial land bank in in in Marjean, and we've seen the power of land banks in new markets. Particularly Macau. In the mid two thousands. We are active in Thailand, though it's it's early days. You're right, we're active in New York, but we won't be subject to winter's curse. In New York, and we're being very disciplined in terms of how we think about New York. And then we obviously have a very substantial land bank here in in Las Vegas. We have years and years and years of growth ahead of us. I often get asked why aren't you moving on the land in Las Vegas right now. And the reality is That from a capital perspective, from a bandwidth perspective within our amazing design and development team, there are only so many things, frankly, that that one can do at once. And then, of course, there are opportunities that come along that are time bound. Like, if, you know, if Thailand does move ahead, for example, you wanna you wanna make sure that you're in a position to participate. So we have a lot of opportunities. Right now, we're very focused on Wynn Arjun. It's a brand new market You've seen the you you've seen the research you may have published yourself, David. They you know, it's a it's a three to five billion dollar market, and it's tremendous opportunity for us. So that's where we're very focused at the moment. Understood. And if I can just follow-up You know, I candidly, I was thinking about Las Vegas. You know, given that the land has, you know, has has been part of the holdings for a while, maybe we could just talk a bit about the sort of puts and takes. And and how much do you think about sort of timing and and when's positioning there? And you know, what it would take to get that piece of land going. Yeah. Timing has to be right for our global Right? We we have to think about the entire the entire portfolio and make sure that that that we can execute it and execute it well. The market is just now absorbing capacity from from two openings over the course of really the past four years, five years.
Shaun Kelley: And we have to make sure that we are in a position to do something
Craig Billings: that addresses an adjacent customer base We obviously don't wanna cannibalize ourselves, and we don't wanna create you know, win Las Vegas two dot o. We need to make sure that we have our market positioning right and we have a very clear view of what that market positioning is. We've done early studies and and and early doodles, if you will, on what we think that that land could hold. And, you know, at this point, I would say stay tuned. Again, we would appreciate it if everyone was as focused on Wynn Elm Marsha had as as we are. Because that is that is quite the opportunity, and we'll see how we proceed from there. Okay. You. Sure.
Operator: Next, we'll go to the line of Robin Farley from UBS. Please go ahead. Great. Thanks. Some others in Vegas have have talked about thinking they can grow EBITDA despite the tough comp with Super Bowl last year. I don't know if you have any thoughts on that. I know know, obviously, you have some renovation disruption. At Encore, and so maybe that's not how you would see it, but, Chris, for your take on that.
Brian Gullbrants: Sure.
Craig Billings: Look. What I would say is excluding Super Bowl weekend, which again was impossible comp, all of our key volume metrics are up year over year. If we look out, again, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, as we look forward, we've got a a great group room base at healthy ADRs. We've seen very strong transient booking demand of late. Actually, the over the course of the past ten days, seven of them have been higher than any booking rate over the past two years of of daily room bookings. Retail sales were up 3% in January on incredibly tough comps. In our building here. And our restaurant and banquets business is flat to last year despite the absence of Super Bowl. So we, you know, we don't give guidance, but we feel very good about about where we are in the setup for 2025.
Operator: Okay. Thank you. And then just on Thailand, have you specified which entity would be pursuing something in Thailand?
Craig Billings: We have not, but I can tell you it would happen out of a subsidiary of Wynn Resorts, Limited. The US listed it.
Shaun Kelley: Okay.
Operator: Great. Thank you.
Shaun Kelley: Sure.
Operator: Next, we'll go to line of Dan Politzer from Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Craig Billings: Hey. Good afternoon, Craig and Julie. Thanks for taking my question. Another one, I guess, you asked a different way on Vegas. Right? I mean, table drop, I think it was basically flat year over year relative to to F1 and and slot handle seems like it's accelerating. Craig, I guess, relative to three or six months ago, what what do you feel like has fundamentally changed, if anything? Because it it certainly feels like there's a much more constructive tone here. Is it it customer base or this you know, are people coming back and spending more? What kind of what kind of do you see relative to kinda, you know, maybe prior conservatism Well, I don't think our tone be clear, I I don't think our tone has changed much. I think we've been saying kind of the same thing for the past two years, which is trees don't go to the sky, but Things look Really good. So know, we we've I mentioned at the outset of my prepared remarks all things that we have done over the course of the past three years to really strengthen our position in this market. And certainly, you know, to a certain extent, we go as Vegas goes. But we've been we've been outperforming we been outperforming the market in general. You can see that on an EBITDA per room basis. And really that's across all of the different businesses that sit sit under this group. So I don't think a whole lot has changed. I think we have we have great demand across the board. And you can see that in our results. Craig, if I could add on the spot side, we've actually made some material improvements We've expanded our high limit room We focused on the mix of games we offer our customers, and we've really leaned into service. So when you look at what we're doing on the slot forward slot forward to drive that incremental I would give it to the team and to wind design and development. We're building a a a much better box and continuing to improve on what we do. That's a good point. Right. Thank you.
Brian Gullbrants: Got it. And then and then just
Craig Billings: turning to the capital allocation, obviously, pretty active in the quarter terms of the share repurchases and even as it the first quarter. I mean, is there a leverage threshold which, you know, to think about the amount of capital you would allocate here. You know, is there a max you'd take it up to? Because it it just seems like, you know, obviously, at these levels, if you like, did it not $91 in the fourth quarter, you you love it at eighty. I think that that's the last portion of your your question is a fair assessment. You know, we don't publish leverage targets because we will lever in place a EBITDA to build new EBITDA. But what I would say is that that our leverage levels now are are very, very comfortable across the portfolio. Our fixed coupons relative to where rates are now give us incremental comfort And so we're gonna continue to support the stock while know, we're gonna get while the getting's good, if you will. And we will continue to do that. Julie, would you have anything?
Julie Cameron-Doe: Can you talk at all?
Brian Gullbrants: Thanks so much. Sure. Next, we'll go to the line of Steven Grambling from Morgan Stanley.
Craig Billings: Hi. Thanks. Maybe a couple of follow ups here. Just one on the the buyback. Sounds like You got obviously, capacity on whatever that hypothetical upper bound is, and maybe there is one
Stephen Grambling: when it's not buying or building a a property. But if if you don't get the response that you you want and the stock kinda stays in place, are there other options you have or would you consider other alternatives to unlock underlying value.
Craig Billings: for Well, we're not buying back stock an immediate market response. That's that's not what what we're up to. Right? We're buying back stock because we believe it's a it's a good value in the long term term, and we're thinking about the long term. So so that, you know, that that's my response to the first portion of your question. We've talked many, many times before about the fact that we are not believers in APCO Procter and in the the the sale of real estate. Because we view it really as a financing transaction as opposed to unlocking value and the creation of value. So what we're gonna do is continue to support the stock with buybacks while the value of Wynn Almarjean crystallizes. And while multiples remain suppressed,
Stephen Grambling: Makes sense. And then one other one, I may have missed this on the Vegas OpEx comments, but what are some of the mitigation factors that did put in place to offset some of the the wage inflation we've been seeing. And how would you generally characterize net operating expense growth in 2025?
Craig Billings: You know, mitigation is as as they say, a river of nickels. It's not one or two or three things that I could outline for you
Brian Gullbrants: it's a hundred different things.
Craig Billings: And, you know, when we do mitigation, we're very careful to make sure that the customer doesn't Seal that. So I I can't point to one or two particular things.
Stephen Grambling: In 2025,
Craig Billings: We have a much more modest increase in in in union related costs. We will figure out how to save that. And then, you know, depending upon what happens with inflation, what happens with tariffs, we could have an impact on some input costs, but that's primarily on the food and beverage side and that really comes down to procurement and sourcing. And how we plan and manage our business. So I think it's hopefully, it's become clear That's four or five years in now, that we know how to manage OpEx without damaging the brand.
Stephen Grambling: Fair enough. Thanks so much.
Shaun Kelley: Sure.
Operator: Next, we'll go to the line of Steve Wiesinski from Stifel. Please go ahead.
Craig Billings: Yeah. Hey, guys. Good afternoon. So so, Craig, if I can stay on OpEx, but switch over to to Macau. It it came in a little better than than, you know, what we were kinda thinking or or kinda guessing where it would be.
Stephen Grambling: Can you maybe help us think about, you know, how you're, you know, how you're thinking about the cost structure for, you know, for Macau this year and
Craig Billings: you know, maybe kind of what you're thinking from a from a OpEx per day standpoint? Yeah. Sure. I'm not gonna not gonna provide OpEx per day guidance, but what I would say is that very similar to Las Vegas. It's the, you know, it's the day to day hand to hand combat of managing OpEx, staffing, scheduling, etcetera, etcetera. And we've called out previously that OpEx can be impacted by some of the non gaming programming that we that we have been doing over the course of the past couple years. And so you can get a little bit of lumpiness from quarter to quarter. But but, really, it comes down to extremely good management.
Stephen Grambling: Thanks for that, Craig. And then second question
Craig Billings: if I if I can go back to the the the buyback real quick and maybe ask the this question a little bit differently. But just wondering how you're thinking about Balancing the buyback versus, you know, with this with this stock here in the the low eighty, let's call it, you know, buying back shares here versus investing capital, you know, in new projects. I'm just trying to get a sense for you know, how you're how you're going about that today, Craig, that Makes sense.
Julie Cameron-Doe: Sure.
Craig Billings: Well, fortunately, we're in a position now from a liquidity perspective and a leverage perspective where we can we can do both. And so, you know, we obviously, when Amarjan is well planned, the budget a significant portion of the budget is bought out. We know exactly where that's gonna land. And you saw us extremely active in Q4 and Q1 in the market from a buyback perspective. You Julie mentioned the amount of system wide liquidity that we have. And so, really, it comes down to incremental incremental new projects that we that we might take on. But even if we even if we did so, right, you you have to imagine that from a and development perspective, those take time. And so the capital spend for those, it is, you know, is several years out. So as I said again in my prepared remarks, while multiples remain suppressed, while, you know, much of the market, much of the the buy side continues to look to a very select number of stocks to to drive returns because they're benchmarked against those. And we understand that. And until we get the realization of value for Wynnum Arjan, we're in a position where we can and will buy back.
Stephen Grambling: Gotcha. Thanks for that color, Craig. Appreciate it.
Operator: Next, we'll go to line of Brandt Montour from Barclays. Please go ahead.
Brian Gullbrants: Afternoon, everybody. Thanks for taking my question. I just on loss Vegas, the refresh and the renovations, I was curious if you could just, flesh out, you know, timing, sort of rooms, out of service, and the cadences of that work, and you know, is this the kind of thing that we'll be calling out as, in quantum any sort of disruption in a couple quarters, or do you think you could manage through it?
Craig Billings: Well, for I'll I'll I'll start and then I'll ask I'll ask Brian to comment as well. So first of all, we do it in the depths of we generally do it in the depths of summer when we have the most flexibility and the most most capacity We we try to do it in a way where we're essentially taking out three floors at a time, the floor that's being renovated and then the one above it and the one below it to minimize
Shaun Kelley: disruption.
Craig Billings: Brian, do you have anything you would add in terms of potential EBITDA impact or rooms out of service? Now there may be a slight impact, but we're planning on launching this with WDD at the end of the summer. And anticipating about a twelve month process. To try to reduce the impact at all possible as much as we can. But it's multiple floors, and as Craig said, there's there's a couple floors just to make sure that we can ensure the right level of service and minimal interruption to all of our
Brian Gullbrants: fantastic guests. And and when we you know, during periods of peak demand, during obvious times
Craig Billings: when we should be in a position to run very high occupancy we'll cease we'll cease the renovation work and essentially utilize two floors in and around the floor that's being renovated. So the disruption we we won't we're not gonna call out the disruption specifically. Okay.
Brian Gullbrants: That's that's super helpful. And then I wanna ask a question about room rates. You know, I understand that the the view is that there hasn't been any sort of trend change, maybe post election Obviously, the tone of you and your peers, had it's gotten a little bit better post that event. But, you know, your room rates are are sort of tied
Shaun Kelley: to the rest of the market. I'm curious if, you know, it felt like the fall in the fall, it was a little squishier out there, maybe away from you, and maybe things
Brian Gullbrants: have gotten a little bit better into the into the new year. But any any kind of commentary on the
Craig Billings: Yeah. I don't think we're in a position to comment on the market as a whole because we're only 4700 keys out of a hundred fifty thousand keys. What what I would say is that certainly in Q1, you're gonna see in our reported Q1, you're gonna see a decline in ADR, but that's really because of the Super Bowl. The Super Bowl rim rates are absolutely off the charts. The our our pricing power throughout
Shaun Kelley: Q4 felt
Craig Billings: incredibly good. And continues to feel good as we move into to 2025.
Brian Gullbrants: Great. Thanks, everyone.
Operator: Next, we'll go to line of Chad Beynon from Macquarie. Please go ahead.
Craig Billings: Hi. Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question and thanks for putting up the slide deck. Wanted to direct the attention to to slide twenty where you lay out the the CapEx projects. In in Macau, the the concession arrangements here. Can you just kinda help us think about maybe some returns that you're planning on on getting on on on these investments The 2026 one is obviously much larger, and that's much farther out in terms of thinking about the financial impact but just wondering how that kind of fits into the the long term growth strategy and, and and and, you know, how that brings in a premium customer at that
Brian Gullbrants: Point Thanks.
Julie Cameron-Doe: Thanks, Chavy. I'll take this one. We've been talking for some time about the commitment we made with the concession, and and, obviously, we've made a commitment of $2.6 billion over the next ten years. Given given we hit the threshold there with $1.6 billion of that being being CapEx. And we've laid out on page twenty in the presentation the big three items that we are that we're that we're that we're putting out here. We we've made a lot of progress on the destination food hall, which is internal to Wynn Palace. So, you know, it didn't require us to seek the approval for for land use. The the larger projects that we're doing that do require those approvals you know, have we're still we're still in that process. Of of seeking those approvals. And that's one of the reasons that you know, I've become a bit repetitive of giving my my range of CapEx for those things. We've been very deliberate in how we've identified what we want to build in Macau, we're very, you know, we're very focused on it staying within the Wynn brand and very much Wynn IP focused. So we're pleased with the projects that we've laid out here. In terms of the ROI, I'm afraid it's still too early to get to specifics. You know? But, you know, like I say, these projects are gonna be completely consistent with our brand. And and with the non gaming elements that we deployed really successfully in Vegas, know, our experience we've we've got great experience here in Vegas, you know, proving that's additive non gaming amenities drive really meaningful visitation to our properties, and ultimately that drives long term you know, strong long term returns for us.
Shaun Kelley: And for our shareholders.
Craig Billings: If you look at what's been happening in Macau so first of all, on the on the food hall that we'll be opening here, Historically at Wynn Palace, we have been
Brian Gullbrants: Light
Craig Billings: If you will, on more casual dining options. And so it it it fits very well. And the way that we will be programming it, which will be somewhat innovative, and we'll we'll talk more about post opening we believe that it will drive incremental footfall and incremental visitation in and of itself. The second trend that's I think is clear in Macau is that entertainment really resonates. And that entertainment drives market share. I think you can see amongst some of our our competitors, and and, like, again, admittedly, we don't have those facilities. You can see among some of our competitors there in the gal, that when they program entertainment, they are able to drive incremental incremental market share. And so if you look at what we are are ex executing for our concession related CapEx, it really is entertainment centric. And candidly, we're not surprised to see this play out in Beaumont because we see it in Vegas the time. So while we're not prepared to talk about, you know, specific ROI on any given project, we certainly are comfortable with the thesis that we will drive incremental revenue out of these
Brian Gullbrants: facilities.
Operator: Okay. Thank you. Appreciate it. And then
Shaun Kelley: back in Vegas, just wondering
Craig Billings: obviously, your your customers have know, a certain level of wealth where this probably doesn't impact them as much. But just given what's happened with FX recently and thinking about the breadth of your international customer base, During prior periods or just kinda looking at your database, do you think that FX will have any impact on visitation or spend or your cost customers just at a level where they're probably not thinking about, you know, small changes to to their pocketbooks. Thank you. No. Not at all. And in fact, if you go back in time you go back to if you go back to if you go back to I mean, if you go back to I don't know. Pick a year. 2017, the year that I joined the company. And you looked at Foxtrot relative to non drop, you would see that we have done an incredibly good job of growing our business in domestic table games and in slides.
Carlo Santarelli: And so
Craig Billings: international business, I don't believe, will be impacted by FX. But we are less we are more diversified and less levered to international business than I think we've ever been in in the history of the property, actually.
Benjamin Chaiken: Thanks, Craig. Appreciate it.
Carlo Santarelli: Sure. Operator, the next question will be the last
Operator: Yes. And our final question comes from Benjamin Chaiken from Mizuho. Please go ahead.
Benjamin Chaiken: Hey. Thanks for taking my questions, Craig, Julie.
Craig Billings: You know, a few months ago, I guess, there were some headlines related to the pace at which UAE will potentially allocate gaming licenses which we're very supportive of your positioning. I'm sure you guys are head down
Shaun Kelley: But any color
Craig Billings: or view on the pace of future competitors to the extent you thought about it and then and then one follow-up on one on Amazon. Thanks.
Shaun Kelley: Sure.
Craig Billings: Yeah. We've talked about this on on prior calls. We we don't believe that every Emirate will avail themselves of potential license. By any means, actually. And as we keep our ear to the ground with your respect to what's going on, we we don't believe that they're
Benjamin Chaiken: is even a deal's drop, frankly, for a a a second license.
Craig Billings: Could be wrong, but we we think we have pretty good intelligence. And so if you just think about the fact that we're opening in March of 2027, you think about the fact that it takes, at a minimum, four years to design design and build an integrated resort, you can imagine that we're gonna have a very, very healthy lead And there's a lot of precedent in our industry if if you look around regional markets in the US actually first to market getting
Shaun Kelley: a lot of sticky database and being able to
Craig Billings: weather a new entrant. Beyond that, again, we we provided the projections that we provided for Wynnum Arjan, assuming a second property And in fact, I I don't we I don't think we would be all that fussed if there was a second property because we believe in the clustering effect We believe that it would be good for the industry. But as of now, we don't see line of sight on that potential second license. That's that's very helpful. Appreciate it. And then and then how do you think of it just stepping how do you think about the most important customer cohorts? Obviously, the acquisition in London is telling I guess to dig a little further, is this an existing gambler
David Katz: or just someone new who wants to pay for hotel and experiences and who may also gamble given the opportunity. And I'm and I'm I'm sure to some degree, it's a if you build it, they will come. Scenario. But I'm just trying to get a sense of how you think about marketing and distribution of the property.
Craig Billings: Yeah. It's a really good question. And my response would be how much time do you have. I guess if I had to really summarize it, what I would say is this. Gaming globally is a question of supply and demand. Really, really simple supply and demand. Gaming is a a a a fundamental human behavior And when supply and demand are out of balance, it's good to be an operator. When supply and demand's are out of balance the other way, then, you know, only the strongest survive. And so for the casino component of the business, having the setup that we have being really the only integrated resort on on this half of the planet,
Benjamin Chaiken: is is very, very beneficial for us.
Craig Billings: And it it's what makes us incredibly bullish. The second thing I would say is that the propensity to spend on luxury hotel and on food and beverage in the Emirates is extremely high. And so we as you will see from the numbers that we produced at our our investor day, We firmly believe that this business will be more akin to Vegas than it will be in Macau where we can drive material non gaming non gaming revenues. The last thing I would say is that you can think of the cohorts for this property really in three pieces. Ross Lahaina has inbound visitation today. Call it by the point we open two million folks per year. In a market with relatively few amenities, And so I would expect that we are gonna get at least a single trip out of a large portion of those those folks that are already coming to Rosalindra. The second cohort would be those who live in Dubai, an incredibly bustling very sophisticated place with extremely high GDP per capita. And the third cohort are really destination luxury travelers, including gaming customers, and that's kind of our bread and butter. I mean, anybody who is a high value customer particularly with the acquisition we did in London, Anybody who's a high value customer globally, we should know. And so our ability to attract those folks and bring them to win, Almarjean, I I I like our odds.
Benjamin Chaiken: Thanks, Craig. Appreciate it. Sure.
Operator: Well, thank you everybody
Julie Cameron-Doe: for your interest in in Wynn Resorts, Limited, and that's that's the conclusion of our Q4 earnings call. We look forward to talking to you next quarter.
Shaun Kelley: Thank you all for participating in the Wynn Resorts, Limited fourth quarter 2024 earnings call. That concludes today's conference. Please disconnect at this time and have a wonderful rest of your day.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-11-04 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Wynn Resorts' Third Quarter 2024 Earnings Call. All participants are on a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer session of todays conference. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. I will now turn the line over to Julie Cameron-Doe, Chief Financial Officer. Please go ahead.
Julie Cameron-Doe: Thank you, operator and good afternoon, everyone. On the call with me today are Craig Billings; and Brian Gullbrants in Las Vegas. Also on the line are Linda Chen, Frederic Luvisutto, and Jenny Holaday. I want to remind you that we may make forward-looking statements under Safe Harbor Federal Securities laws and those statements may or may not come true. I will now turn the call over to Craig Billings.
Craig Billings: Thanks Julie and good afternoon. As always, thank you for joining us today. It's about a month ago that we had the opportunity to host many of the folks on this call here at Wynn Las Vegas to take you through our business in general and Wynn Al Marjan Island in particular. It was great to see you all, and I hope that our confidence in our current business and in our development pipeline came through. Our leadership position in the world's most attractive gaming markets, our targeted investments in our existing properties, and our development in the UAE all give us great conviction about the future of Wynn Resorts. To that end, we announced that the Board has increased our share repurchase authorization to $1 billion, highlighting our continued commitment to prudently return capital to shareholders. Turning to the quarter and starting in Las Vegas. Demand remained healthy here. And on a normalized basis, revenue was up about 1% and EBITDA was essentially flat year-over-year on very tough comps. Despite those very tough year-over-year comps, we grew hotel revenue by 5%, slot handle by 4%, and continued to see healthy table drop in the casino. More recently, demand has remained healthy in the fourth quarter with strong growth in slot handle, table drop, and solid nongaming demand. Now, Las Vegas year-over-year comps are increasingly challenging and I have said many times on these calls, trees don't grow to the sky. But demand from the high-end consumer remains stable and with $950 million of trailing 12-month EBITDA on around $5 billion of capital in the ground between Wynn and Encore, we're extremely pleased with the performance of our business here. Looking ahead, our luxury positioning and unique programming continue to appeal to the market's most affluent and therefore, most resilient customers, positioning us well to continue our leadership on the strip as we move into 2025. Turning to Boston, Encore generated $63 million of EBITDAR, up 4% year-on-year during the quarter. Demand was strong across the business with slot handle up 3%, table drop up 1%, and non-gaming revenue up 2%. More recently, demand has remained healthy through October, led by strong year-on-year growth in slot handle and stable non-gaming revenue against another tough comp. Turning to Macau, we generated $263 million of EBITDA during the third quarter, up 3% year-on-year. Demand remained healthy with operating revenue growing 6%, led by 10% year-on-year growth in combined mass table and slot win. While the competitive environment in Macau is clearly intense, we continue to focus on maximizing EBITDA rather than purely market share. To that end, we have several initiatives in place that focus on our natural product and service leadership that we expect will support and drive market share in 2025 and beyond. First, we continue to elevate our food and beverage programming with innovative new concepts, including four recently renovated and reimagined venues at Wynn Palace, the recently opened Drunken Fish at Wynn Macau, and the mid-2025 opening of our destination food hall at Wynn Palace. At casino, we are currently revitalizing and expanding the Chairman's Club, our most exclusive gaming area at Wynn Macau, and in the design phase for a similar expansion and renovation of the Chairman's Club at Wynn Palace. We are supporting these CapEx efforts with continued improvements to our recently enhanced loyalty program and our Only at Wynn events and experiences across culinary, music, entertainment, and sports. Longer term, our concession-related CapEx, including an event center and a production show, will support visitation and ultimately, drive share gains in a market where unique experiences are increasingly appealing to guests. We've seen the current competitive dynamic in Macau before, and we are confident that continued investment in our market-leading assets and 5-star service position us well to effectively compete profitably over time. More recently, October was characterized by healthy mass table drop, strong direct VIP turnover, and 99% hotel occupancy. We saw particular strength during the Golden Week holiday period where mass table drop increased almost 30% compared to last year's Golden Week. Our long-term outlook in Macau remains decidedly bullish. On the development front in Macau, we continue to advance design work on our event center and production show for Wynn Palace. In fact, I was in Shanghai two weeks ago reviewing initial rehearsals for our production show, and I was very pleased with the early work on the production. Turning to Wynn Al Marjan Island in the UAE. We were honored to receive the first land-based gaming license issued by the GCGRA back in early October. And as I mentioned, we were delighted to share more details about the development at our Analyst and Investor Update Meeting here in Las Vegas a few weeks ago. Construction is rapidly progressing on the project with work now reaching the 24th floor of the hotel tower and over 3.6 million square feet of concrete and steel now in place. As we discussed at our update several weeks ago, we believe the UAE will be a $3 billion to $5 billion gaming market and certainly the most exciting new market for our industry in decades. I remain incredibly bullish about the future of our company. We have the best assets in the world's premier gaming markets, and our team is the most dedicated team in the business. We are investing for long-term growth with an exciting high ROI development in the UAE well underway, which is unique in our industry. Outside of the UAE, we are exploring potential greenfield opportunities in attractive gateway cities, and we have strategic land banks in each of our markets that provide additional development opportunities over time. Meanwhile, our leverage profile continues to improve as free cash flow grows, allowing us to increase the return of capital to shareholders through the recurring dividend and opportunistic share repurchases. Our best days lie ahead. With that, I will now turn it over to Julie to run through some additional details on the quarter. Julie?
Julie Cameron-Doe: Thank you, Craig. At Wynn Las Vegas, we generated $202.7 million in adjusted property EBITDA on $607.2 million of operating revenue during the quarter, delivering an EBITDA margin of 33.4%. As Craig noted, on a normalized basis, EBITDA was essentially flat year-on-year with lower-than-normal table games hold negatively impacting EBITDA by around $2 million in Q3 2024 and higher-than-normal hold positively impacting EBITDA to the tune of $12 million in the prior year quarter. OpEx, excluding gaming tax per day, was $4.2 million in Q3 2024, up 2% compared to $4.1 million in the prior year period. The Las Vegas team continues to exercise strong cost management without impacting the guest experience. Turning to Boston, we generated adjusted property EBITDA of $63 million, up 4% year-on-year on revenue of $214.1 million with an EBITDA margin of 29.4%. We've stayed very disciplined on the cost side with OpEx per day of $1.14 million, up less than 1% year-on-year and down slightly sequentially. The Boston team has also done a great job mitigating union-related payroll increases with cost efficiencies in areas of the business that do not impact the guest experience. Our Macau operations delivered adjusted property EBITDA of $262.9 million in the quarter on $871.7 million of operating revenue with table games hold in the normal range during the quarter. EBITDA margin was 30.2% in the quarter, an increase of 210 basis points relative to Q3 2019. OpEx, excluding gaming tax, was approximately $2.55 million per day in Q3, up 7% year-on-year, primarily reflecting higher payroll and higher variable costs on increased business volumes, but flat on a sequential basis. The team has done a great job staying disciplined on costs and we remain well-positioned to drive strong operating leverage as the market continues to grow over time. In terms of CapEx in Macau, we're currently advancing through the design and planning stages on several of our concession commitments. And as we noted in the past few quarters, these projects require a number of government approvals, creating a wide range of potential CapEx outcomes in the near-term. As such, we now expect CapEx related to our concession commitments to range between $350 million to $425 million in total between 2024 and the end of 2025. Moving on to the balance sheet. Our liquidity position remains very strong with global cash and revolver availability of $3.5 billion as of September 30th. This was comprised of $1.7 billion of total cash and available liquidity in Macau and $1.8 billion in the U.S. The past few months have been active from a balance sheet perspective as we continue to extend our debt maturity profile and improve our leverage position. In fact, pro forma for a few transactions completed in early October, we've reduced gross debt by $1.2 billion year-on-year, resulting in approximately $70 million of annualized interest expense savings. The combination of strong performance in each of our markets globally with our properties generating nearly $2.4 billion of trailing 12-month property EBITDA, together with our robust cash position creates a very healthy consolidated net leverage ratio of just over 4 times. Our strong free cash flow and liquidity profile allows us to reduce leverage while returning capital to shareholders. To that end, the Wynn Resorts Board approved a cash dividend of $0.25 per share payable on November 27th, 2024, to stockholders of record as of November 15th, 2024. We also opportunistically repurchased just under 1.5 million shares for $118 million during the quarter. And as Craig noted, the Board recently approved an increase of our share repurchase authorization to $1 billion, highlighting our continued commitment to prudently returning capital to shareholders. Finally, our CapEx in the quarter was $101 million, primarily related to the villa renovations and food and beverage enhancements at Wynn Las Vegas, concession-related CapEx in Macau, and normal course maintenance across the business. Additionally, we contributed $18.2 million of equity to the Wynn Al Marjan Island project during the quarter, bringing our total equity contribution to-date to $532.6 million. We estimate our remaining 40% pro rata share of the required equity is approximately $800 million to $875 million, fully loaded for capitalized interest fees and certain improvements on the Island. Importantly, we've also made meaningful progress on the debt financing for the project with significant interest from a diverse group of banks, both locally in the region as well as internationally. We expect the financing will be completed later this year, and we will update you in due course. With that, we will now open up the call to Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Carlo Santarelli from Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Carlo Santarelli: Hey Craig, Julie, everyone. Craig maybe if you could start just kind of outlining as you look out to 2025 across the regions, some of the required revenue perhaps to maintain margins, what were some of the cost increases that you guys are kind of forecasting for [Technical Difficulty] within your control at this point?
Craig Billings: Sure, Carlo. You chopped up for a second there, but I got gist to your question. So, I guess, first, with the overriding statement that as we've said many, many times before, we don't manage to a margin, we aggressively manage revenues, and we aggressively manage costs, always taking the brands into account. I think if you look across -- if you look across the two primary markets or today's markets, Vegas and Macau, in Vegas, the high-end consumer -- our consumer continues to hold up. We are facing incredibly tough comps, which we've been pointing out quarter-after-quarter on these calls. We've lapped the largest of the union payroll increases. And so while there is a little bit of wage pressure, it's nothing significant. So, I guess 2025 in Vegas is really all about demand and everything that we see now indicates that we're in pretty good stead. I mean, geez, our retail lease revenue which is heavily tied to luxury retail was up 3.5% year-over-year in Q3. So, we continue to see a strong consumer here, which gives us comfort in revenues, but not comps because, again, the comps are getting tougher and tougher and that is what it is. But we feel good about it here. In Macau, Q3 was a little bit unique from a margin since you were focused on margin -- from a margin perspective. Our market share was stable sequentially, but GGR was down because market GGR was down quarter-over-quarter, I'm talking about now. Second, we had higher VIP commissions in the quarter because VIP turnover was up even though VIP GGR was flat. Third, retail revenue declined by about $3 million, and then we had an extra day in the quarter, so we had an extra day of OpEx. So, it was a little bit unique in Macau. But in Macau -- and we kept in line, by the way, on a per day basis. So, in Macau, again, I think it really comes down to the competitive nature of the market there and market share versus EBITDA as we set up into to 2025. But again, it looks pretty good. We feel good.
Carlo Santarelli: Great. Thank you. And then if I could, just one follow-up. As you guys -- obviously, Craig, you've talked a lot for several quarters about some of the comp challenges in Las Vegas. To the extent that you can kind of frame the headwind that you guys will kind of be looking at as well to the market in the first quarter from the Super Bowl last year. If you'd be able to put any parameters around that?
Craig Billings: No, we haven't talked about the incremental EBITDA that we experienced with Super Bowl last year and certainly, that a headwind from a comp perspective, but we haven't put out any numbers. Q4 and F1 is actually shaping up quite nicely for us. You can look at our room rates -- our posted published room rates relative to our competitors see that we're pricing at a very significant premium to the rest of the strip. And as we -- I think we said on the last call, although it's a later booking window than last year's F1, we thought we would be in pretty good stead and thats anyhow it's shaped up.
Carlo Santarelli: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Next, we'll go to the line of Joe Greff from JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Joe Greff: Good afternoon everybody. Craig, just starting on Macau. You mentioned or you touched on the competitive environment in Macau and what you're doing to address it with different changes to F&B and venue and loyalty programs and various programming. Does it feel if we look at where the market is today relative to the beginning of the summer that at least competitive pressures vis--vis reinvestment market-wide in the business is a little bit better than where it was today versus at the beginning of the summer?
Craig Billings: Yes, stable to slightly better, I guess, I would -- how I would characterize it. But it's still -- it's very competitive.
Joe Greff: Understood. And then just as a follow-up to that. October, obviously was great at the beginning of the month with Golden Week and the subsequent week after. Does the rest of -- since then, does it feel like a normal period? Or does it feel like we're starting to see a little bit improvement in terms of visitation or spend relative to what we saw earlier in the year?
Craig Billings: Well, I think my comments on October from the script stand, we don't tend to provide in-quarter guidance or in-quarter view other than our prepared remarks. And so I guess I would stand by what I said in my prepared remarks, Golden Week was great. And you've seen the rest of the -- you've seen the market-wide October numbers in total. We feel fine with where we are in Macau.
Joe Greff: Thank you.
Operator: Next, we'll go to the line of John DeCree from CBRE. Please go ahead.
John DeCree: Good afternoon everyone. Thanks for taking my question. Craig, I wanted to ask maybe specifically about Wynn Macau where the gaming business there has done quite well, particularly this quarter, I think mass market table drop was up 10%. And so a lot of discussion happens around [Indiscernible], but curious as visitation recovers to Macau, if you could give us any insight or color as to what you're seeing on the peninsula at Wynn Macau?
Craig Billings: Sure. I mean, it's really a testament to our team. If you rewind a year or so ago, the team had identified a number of areas where we could improve the physical experience, the food and beverage experience. Really, again, kind of like I mentioned in my prepared remarks, focus on the things that we are really, really good at that we know drive market share. They identify those, and we've executed those on the -- over the course of the past year or so. It is a fact that the more visitation you have given the transient nature of the downtown customer, that that visitation will disproportionately benefit Wynn Macau. But I would put it much more down to execution and the execution that we have done over the course of the past year.
John DeCree: Thanks Craig. That's helpful. And maybe a follow-up on Las Vegas table drop. I think you've mentioned in your prepared remarks that you're still seeing really healthy trends from the high-end customer, but I think table drop is down a little. One of your peers talked about some big players that maybe didn't show up this quarter and then you mentioned, I think, quarter-to-date in Vegas table drop is up. So, just wondering if you could give us a little bit more color on kind of what you're seeing in the high-end table play if there's kind of been any shift in customer trends from Q-on-Q or anything like that?
Craig Billings: No shifts of significant shifts of note. I guess, let's put it in a historical perspective. If you rewound the clock six, seven, eight years ago in Las Vegas, you had a business that was subject to a lot of volatility from very, very high-end table play. And we've done a lot of very deliberate things over the course of the past X number of years -- the past several years to really grow and diversify our casino business. We still lend a lot of casino market share, and we've dampened the exposure to extreme high-end volatility. And I think it shows in the numbers. But as it relates to any given quarter, sure, you could have one or two people that could impact table drop overall. But that's the beauty of the Las Vegas model, right? It's got diversification. So, hotel revenue up, slot handle up, table drop steady to down a couple of points. It's just -- it's not a broader trend, it's just part and parcel with running the business.
John DeCree: Sounds good. Thanks Craig, really appreciate it.
Craig Billings: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Next, we'll go to the line of Robin Farley from UBS. Please go ahead.
Robin Farley: Great. Thanks. I guess kind of a follow-up question on -- when you look at the gaming revenue decline in Vegas, was that just more your international VIP play or was there also some domestic sort of difficult comps making domestic gaming revenue down as well?
Craig Billings: Julie, you want to take that?
Julie Cameron-Doe: Sure. Hi Robin, I'm happy to take that. Look, I think when you look at the comps, you really have to take account of hold. So, when you normalize the hold year-over-year, that makes a big difference to that calculation. So, in terms of the applied increase if you think about country revenue of GGR, first normalize the hold. And then bear in mind that our ADRs have increased about 7% year-over-year. So, that meaningfully increases the GAAP cost of the comped hotel rooms that go through that line. So, when you take those two things into account, because we do the analysis all the time, you can really see there's no trend there. It's just a function of hold and higher ADRs?
Craig Billings: Yes, I would just look at drop and handle Robin, I mean drop year-over-year dropped down 4.4%, slot handle up 3.5%. So, the 4.4% is kind of what I was talking about with the last question answer. That can be a couple of people, but it's not really indicative of a broader trend and 3.5% in slots is great. So, we feel great about where the gaming business is here. And again, that high-end consumer continues to hold in there.
Robin Farley: Okay. Thanks. And just as a follow-up. You talked last quarter about your group business increasing, I was wondering if you could sort of give us some outlook for group bookings for Q4 and for next year? And yes, just any comments on that.
Craig Billings: Sure. Happy to. Brian, do you want to take that?
Brian Gullbrants: Sure. Hey, Robin. The outlook for group business remains quite healthy for the remainder of the year. And then we're pacing towards , as we've said before, a record year in room nights for this year at fairly strong ADRs. That's allowed us to build a really solid base for our team to yield manage the rest of the rooms and segments. And in terms of 2025, as we look forward, we get to a point where as you book more and more group rooms, you can really start to crowd out the other valuable business. So, particularly in a year where we'll have around 50,000 room nights out of service next year for our Encore Tower room renovation. So, overall, we expect 2025 to look a lot like 2024 in terms of group room nights, but we'll push on rate as our team knows how to do. So, pacing quite well and pacing like we were this year.
Craig Billings: Looking 2025 looking like 2024 by intention.
Brian Gullbrants: Correct.
Robin Farley: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Next, we'll go to the line of Dan Politzer from Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Dan Politzer: Hey, good afternoon everyone. You increased your share repurchase authorization this quarter pretty markedly. Can you talk about how you think about capital allocation if you're going to deploy that opportunistically or programmatic or -- and along those lines, how you think about your CapEx needs, both domestically as well as in Macau? Thanks.
Craig Billings: Sure, I'll cover capital allocation theory and then Julie cover CapEx. Opportunistically, tends to be the name of the game for us. We're not programmatic buyers of the stock, and we tend to buy back when we feel like the stock is particularly cheap. So, you saw we purchased $118 million during the quarter. We continue to believe the stock looks attractive at current levels, and that's why raise the authorization. We're always balancing liquidity needs between capital deployment for growth like BAE, debt management. We've been delevering over the course of the past couple of years and then, of course, return capital. Julie, do you want to cover major CapEx?
Julie Cameron-Doe: Sure. And yes, there's not a lot more to add versus what we said in our prepared remarks, really, because we're now covering off on Marjan, but I think we've given really clear numbers on Marjan. From a Vegas perspective, obviously, we're continuing to invest here on maintenance and targeted high-return projects. So, on the project side, as I mentioned, we're renovating the remaining villas now that we've completed the renovation of the spa villas. And we're continuing to enhance the food and beverage program with new offerings. So, we have zero bond we have a restaurant refresh with Fiola Mare, which will be replacing Lakeside. We're also planning to renovate the Encore Tower hotel rooms during 2025. So, we expect total project CapEx for the remainder in Vegas to be in the neighborhood of $300 million. And outside of that, the Vegas normal course maintenance CapEx is $75 million to $85 million. Macau, I think I covered in the prepared remarks, we've taken that range down a little bit. Now, we're getting close we're getting more certainty around numbers and also work close that period as well. So, that range has tightened a little bit on the concession commitments and then the maintenance CapEx in Macau continues to be. Normally, we look at about $75 million for what's going on there.
Dan Politzer: Got it. Thanks. And then just turning to Macau. Wynn Palace, I think the mass gaming volumes or revenues there volumes really were down a touch. Anything that's changed or evolved in terms of the environment on the ground as it relates to that property?
Craig Billings: No, I don't think so. I think it's pretty consistent. All the remarks that we have made throughout the call regarding the state of Macau applied to apply to Wynn Palace. So, no, not really.
Dan Politzer: Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. Next, we'll go to the line of Stephen Grambling from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Stephen Grambling: Hey thanks. Just a couple of follow-ups on Macau as well. First, I think the RevPAR for the hotels were down in both segments. Just curious if there's anything to call out there? And then what are the expectations going forward on the hotel side? And I believe you also started to roll out smart tables early in the quarter. Is there any feedback on smart tables and the potential impact from those as we look into next year?
Craig Billings: Sure. Not much of a read-through on RevPAR because as you know, it's essentially 100% -- close to 100% comp occupancy, and we've been running very, very high occupancy levels, so not much of a read-through there. On the smart table side, you're right, we are in the midst of rolling out smart tables. We've got about a quarter of our tables covered, and we expect it to have full rollout by Chinese New Year 2025. There's clearly benefits with respect to game security, prevention of human error, which talked about before. And then there's a bunch of benefits on the marketing side, primarily due to an abundance of very precise bet-by-bet data. We have a super clear view of how we intend to utilize that data and bring some innovative marketing forward to our customers. We're not -- obviously not going to talk about that on the call. But the real benefits of that require you to be at substantially complete rollout because you need a complete of the customer. So, a little too early to say at this point, but we're on our way.
Stephen Grambling: So, just to clarify, I guess, when is that complete rollout is set now or you need to collect some data for a period of time?
Craig Billings: Next Chinese New Year -- Chinese New Year.
Stephen Grambling: Got it. Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Next, we'll go to the line of David Katz from Jefferies. Please go ahead.
David Katz: Hi good evening. Thanks for taking my questions. I'm not sure that there's been -- you've given -- expressed some confidence about Macau, but is there any specific evidence or any impact from the stimulus so far that is discussable in this context? And/or what drives the confidence? Thanks.
Craig Billings: I think it's a little early just say it's having an impact. Demand during October Golden Week was encouraging, as I talked about in my prepared remarks. The -- we were running 99% occupancy. But in the past, and I would encourage you to look probably early 2016 would be the most recent example of that scale. And you'll see that there was a pretty substantial positive impact on both visitation and GGR. But I think it's a bit early at this point to say if anything is testing through Macau.
David Katz: Got it. And if I can ask just one follow-up detail. Along with the buyback, did you indicate whether the quarter ending share count is the same or whether you had acquired any quarter-to-date sort of post the end of the quarter?
Craig Billings: I did not comment on the month of October or the first few days in November.
David Katz: Okay. Thank you.
Julie Cameron-Doe: Thanks, David. Operator, we'll take one more caller.
Operator: Thank you. And our final question comes from the line of Brandt Montour from Barclays. Please go ahead.
Brandt Montour: Good evening everybody and afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. I think Macau CapEx guidance, went down from the prior range. And I guess it was just more of a wider guess of it before, but it's unusual, we see CapEx expectations moving in that direction. Can you just comment on sort of what changed if you can from a competitive standpoint?
Julie Cameron-Doe: Sure. And actually, Brandt, nothing's really changed from -- in terms of the competitive standpoint. Really, this is more about timing. We've made very certain commitments under our concession to the full CapEx and this is really about the timing of getting it done. And other I've mentioned, I think I'm using the same words every quarter about we're dependent on a number of approvals, the land use, in particular, and we don't have control over those. So, that drives quite a wide range of outcomes in terms of CapEx. And we've been saying that for a while, and I'm talking about how much through the remainder of 2024 and 2025. And as we're getting closer to the end of that period, we've just tightened up that range. So, nothing more to say than that. I just seemed unlikely that we were going to be able to get everything done in that time by the end of 2025, given where we're at currently.
Brandt Montour: Okay. Thanks for that. And then just a quick unrelated follow-up on the New York licensure process, if you have any thoughts on that? And specifically, with regards to one of your competitors making a comment about having some hesitation around iGaming legislation? And if that has something that you guys weigh as well when you think about that opportunity?
Craig Billings: Yes, we sure do. I heard about the comments that you referenced. And in fact, I posted about subject on LinkedIn back in March, I believe it was. First -- look, I understand the desire for states to generate taxes quickly from online gaming, but there's very serious implications. Honestly, primarily on the folks who -- everyday folks who work in land-based gaming in resorts, resulting from any revenue declines due to cannibalization from online game. And a 15% revenue decline is half your margin. So, you're not going to employ nearly as many people to the extent that you're being affected by online game. Second, there's the potential for longer term regulatory blowback and I think that's real. As we've seen in markets around the world, look at Australia, I worked in the gaming market in Australia for a number of years. And when gaming proliferates to a certain point, there's societal and regulatory blowback. So, yes, I think it's an issue. And then layer on top of that, the fact that you're talking about deploying billions of dollars of capital and employing thousands of people, yes, it has to be something that you -- so a long answer, but yes, we're watching it.
Brandt Montour: Okay. Thanks for your thoughts.
Julie Cameron-Doe: Well, thank you, Brandt, and thank you, everybody. With that, we'll now close the call. We appreciate your interest in Wynn Resorts, and we look forward to talking to you again next quarter.
Operator: Thank you all for participating in the Wynn Resorts third quarter 2024 earnings call. That concludes today's conference. Please disconnect at this time and have a wonderful rest of your day.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-08-06 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Wynn Resorts Second Quarter 2024 Earnings Call. All participants are on a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer session of todays conference. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. I will now turn the line over to Julie Cameron-Doe, Chief Financial Officer. Please go ahead.
Julie Cameron-Doe: Thank you, operator. And good afternoon, everyone. On the call with me today are Craig Billings; and Brian Gullbrants in Las Vegas. Also on the line are Linda Chen, Frederic Luvisutto, and Jenny Holaday. I want to remind you that we may make forward-looking statements under Safe Harbor federal securities laws and those statements may or may not come true. I will now turn the call over to Craig Billings.
Craig Billings: Thanks, Julie. Good afternoon. As always, thank you for joining us today. I want to start by saying thank you to my nearly 28,000 colleagues here at Wynn Resorts for delivering yet another record quarter. In this case, the best second quarter EBITDA in the history of the company at $572 million. Record quarters like this one further strengthen our conviction when deploying capital, whether through CapEx or share repurchases like those we executed in the second quarter and into the third quarter. Wynn Las Vegas delivered $230 million of adjusted property EBITDAR, a second quarter record and up 3% year-on-year on yet another very difficult comp, taking trailing 12-month EBITDAR to nearly $970 million. The quarter was led by 16% growth in hotel revenue along with 8% growth in slot handle and healthy table drop in the casino. Wynn Las Vegas continues to have the top-performing team here in Vegas. More recently, demand has remained healthy in 3Q with RevPAR up and slot handle broadly in line year-on-year during July, despite this year having two fewer weekend days. Turning to Boston. Encore generated $62 million of EBITDAR during the quarter. Lower-than-normal table hold, masked what was actually a strong quarter across the property with record slot handle, strong table drop and record RevPAR in the hotel. More recently, demand has remained healthy through July with table drops, slot handle and RevPAR all up on a tough year-on-year comp. Turning to Macau. We generated $280 million of EBITDAR in the second quarter on slightly lower market share than we have experienced over the previous several quarters and slightly lower mass hold quarter-over-quarter. There has been a lot of chatter in the market about the elevated promotional environment in Macau with concessionaires jockey for market share. Of course, while we are active every day in the hand-to-hand combat for market share, you can't take market share to the bank, and thus, we have continued to remain disciplined in our OpEx and player reinvestment levels highlighted by our strong EBITDAR margin in the quarter, which was 250 basis points above 2Q 2019. We've seen this dynamic before, and we remain confident that our market-leading product and service levels position us well to compete effectively in the long-term. To that end, we were encouraged that our GGR market share moved back to our expected range in July, supported by strong mass table drop and 99% hotel occupancy during the month. Wynn Macau's long-term outlook remains very bright. On the development front, we continue to elevate our product offering in Macau through new and innovative food and beverage concepts and unique program. We also continue to advance construction work on our second major concession-related project, our destination food hall, which we expect to open in 2025. Turning to our Wynn Al Marjan Island development in the UAE. I just returned from several weeks in Dubai and Russell China. Construction is rapidly progressing on the project with work now approaching the 15th floor of the hotel. The building now stands just over 90 meters, which is already the tallest building in the Emirate. During the second quarter, we contributed $357 million of equity to our UAE joint venture. This transaction included the purchase of our 40% pro rata share of all 155 acres of Island 3, the island on which Wynn Al Marjan sits. As a result, our joint venture now owns not only the land under Wynn Al Marjan, but also 70-plus acres of land for potential future development on the Island. Of course, we have banked land before in the US and Macau, and we are confident that acquiring this sizable Al Marjan land bank will prove valuable over the long term. As I have noted before, I believe the UAE is the most exciting new market for our industry in decades and our confidence in the demand and EBITDA potential of Wynn Al Marjan continues to grow. We also made meaningful progress during the quarter on the debt financing for the project and expect that we will finalize that financing later in 2024. I remain incredibly bullish about the future of our company. We have the best assets in the world's premier gaming markets. We also have an exciting high ROI development project in the UAE well underway a development opportunity that is unique in our industry. And we are exploring potential greenfield opportunities in attractive gateway cities like New York and Bangkok. Meanwhile, our leverage profile continues to improve as free cash flow grows, allowing us to increase the return of capital to shareholders through the recurring dividend and opportunistic share repurchases. Our best days lie ahead. With that, I will now turn it over to Julie to run through some additional details on the quarter. Julie?
Julie Cameron-Doe: Thank you, Craig. At Wynn Las Vegas, we generated $230.3 million in adjusted property EBITDA on $628.7 million of operating revenue during the quarter, delivering an EBITDA margin of 36.6%. Lower than normal table games hold negatively impacted EBITDA by around $5 million in Q2. OpEx, excluding gaming tax per day was $4.2 million in Q2 compared to $3.7 million in the prior year period. The increase was primarily due to union-related payroll increases, along with higher variable costs due to increased volumes across the business. Turning to Boston, we generated adjusted property EBITDA of $62.1 million on revenue of $212.6 million with an EBITDA margin of 29.2%. As Craig alluded to, our table game hold was below normal during the quarter. And if we normalize hold in both periods, EBITDA would have increased approximately 2% year-on-year. We've stayed very disciplined on the cost side with OpEx per day of $1.15 million, flat year-on-year and down sequentially. The team has done a great job mitigating union-related payroll increases with cost efficiencies in areas of the business that do not impact the guest experience. Our Macau operations delivered adjusted property EBITDA of $280.4 million in the quarter on $885.3 million of operating revenue, hold was a mixed bag in the quarter as higher than normal hold at Palace was more than offset by lower than normal hold at -- Wynn Macau, particularly in our mass table business. All in, we estimate hold negatively impacted EBITDA, the combined properties by around $3 million during the quarter. EBITDA margin was 31.7% in the quarter, an increase of 250 basis points, relative to Q2 2019. Our OpEx, excluding gaming tax was approximately $2.5 million per day in Q2, a decrease of 19% compared to $3.2 million in Q2 2019, and down 3% on a sequential basis. The team has done a great job of staying disciplined on costs, and we remain well-positioned to drive strong operating leverage as the market continues to recover. In terms of CapEx in Macau, we're currently advancing through the design and planning stages on several of our concession commitments. And as we noted, the past few quarters, these projects require a number of government approvals, creating a wide range of potential CapEx outcomes in the near-term. As such, we continue to expect CapEx related to our concession commitments to range between $350 million and $500 million in total, between 2024 and the end of 2025. Moving on to the balance sheet, our liquidity position remains very strong with global cash and revolver availability of over $3.9 billion as of June 30th. This was comprised of $2.2 billion of total cash and available liquidity in Macau, and $1.7 billion in the US. During the quarter, we continued to reduce gross debt, repaying approximately $170 million on our bank facilities, and we have now reduced companywide gross debt by more than $1.1 billion over the past year. The combination of strong performance in each of our markets globally, with our properties generating nearly $2.4 billion of trailing 12 month property EBITDA. Together with our robust cash position creates a very healthy consolidated net leverage ratio of just over four times. Our strong free cash flow and liquidity profile allows us to reduce leverage while returning capital to shareholders in both the US and Macau. To that end, the Wynn Resorts Board approved a cash dividend of $0.25 per share, payable on August 30, 2024, to stockholders of record as of August 19, 2024. We also opportunistically repurchased approximately 741,000 shares for $68 million during the quarter. Similarly, in June, Wynn Macau paid a dividend of $0.075 cents per share or US$50 million, highlighting our commitment to prudently returning capital to shareholders. Finally, our CapEx in the quarter was $94 million, primarily related to the villa renovations and food and beverage enhancements at Wynn Las Vegas, concession related CapEx in Macau, and normal course maintenance across the business. Additionally, as Craig noted, we contributed $356.5 million of equity to the Wynn Al Marjan Island project during the quarter, bringing our total equity contribution to date to $514.4 million, split approximately $300 million for Wynn Al Marjan and a little over $200 million for the Marjan land bank and related infrastructure. We estimate our remaining 40% pro rata share of the required equity is approximately $900 million, fully loaded for capitalized interest fees and certain improvements on the island. Importantly, as Craig noted, we've also made meaningful progress on the debt financing for the project with significant interest from a diverse group of banks both locally in the region as well as internationally. We expect the financing will be completed later this year, and we will update you in due course. With that, we will now open up the call to Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Carlo Santarelli with Deutsche Bank. You may go ahead.
Carlo Santarelli: Hey, thank you. Good afternoon, everybody. Craig, you spoke a little bit about Las Vegas, the comfort you're seeing, the trends in July, acknowledging obviously August booking window is short, September some group on the books, and fourth quarter probably very limited visibility at this point outside of the group bookings. How would you characterize kind of the back half of the year, and could you talk a little bit about kind of that group footprint that's already in place?
Craig Billings: Sure, Carlo. I'll start, and then I'll ask Brian to talk a bit about group in Q3, Q4. I noticed subsequent to one of our peers reporting the other day that there were some thoughts around Q4, some concerns around Q4. As you said, actually, the booking window is relatively short other than for group and then certain special events F1 in particular and so you know we don't we're not seeing anything of concern per se with respect to Q4. F1, specifically which I know was mentioned extensively again on a Pierce call, F1, they're really top-notch operators, and unlike last year when they heavily marketed throughout the year, they just started their big marketing push for the race this month, August. So I'm sure the race will be well executed. Our experience during last year's F1, and more recently during the Super Bowl, tells us that we will be the place to see and be seen during the race, and so we're confident that we'll do just fine and get more than our fair share. Brian, group in Q3 and Q4, and any other thoughts on the back half of the year?
Brian Gullbrants: Sure. Thanks, Craig. Carlo, Q3 continues to pace very well. It's solid. August and September look even better than July. And when we look to Q4, pacing well for the year will be the best year we've ever had in group and convention. And 2025 seems to be pacing actually ahead of that, all with strong ADR growth. So the sales team has done a phenomenal job, and our yield management team and revenue management continues to yield because of that strong base, so it helps all segments. So I think we're in solid shape and we're encouraged by what we're seeing.
Carlo Santarelli: Great. Thanks, Brian. And then, Craig, if I could ask a follow-up. You guys have repurchased year-to-date as of 6.30 [ph], it looks like, about $80 million of stock. I think Julie said $68 million in the quarter in the release. When you look at kind of current valuation, looked at many different ways, but obviously just about any way you cut it, the embedded implied valuation for the domestic assets at the very least is seemingly compelling from a buyback perspective, acknowledging there is significant capital going out the door related to UAE. How do you think about kind of perhaps accelerating some of the buyback activity?
Craig Billings: Thanks, Carlo. Well, as you know, you've followed the company for a long time. We're not programmatic buyers of the stock, and we tend to buy back more when it is particularly cheap. So you're right. To that end, we did purchase in the quarter and we continued to purchase into July and actually the first few days of August, actually. We still have some $365 million of capacity under the Board authorization. We're really balancing all of our liquidity needs between capital deployment for growth, the UAE, potentially other greenfield markets, delevering slightly and returning capital to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. Fortunately, we're in a position to do all of that. And so as you rightly know, it's really a question of quantum, and we'll continue to be opportunistic about it.
Carlo Santarelli: Thanks, everybody.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Joe Greff with JPMorgan. You may go ahead.
Joe Greff: Hey Craig, earlier, you had mentioned that you saw a nice rebound in market share in July. That was more of a directional comment than one with any specific numbers associated with that. Would you say the share is back to the GGR share that you saw in the 1Q? Or is it really more approaching that level? And then related to that, Craig, are you seeing in July and August-to-date, as you're seeing GGR share improve, are you seeing an associated lift in the non-gaming revenues as well?
Craig Billings: Thanks, Joe. Well, to your second question first, there's always a relationship given the way that GAAP requires you to book rooms revenue associated with the casino. There's always a relationship between casino volumes, quality of customers and room rates. With respect to retail -- the retail component of non-gaming, I think the situation with respect to luxury retail in China is hopefully well understood. I think you've seen a lot of the large luxury retailers come out and make commentary on the topic. And of course, Macau and Hong Kong are not immune. I think what we've experienced is pretty consistent with our peers who have comparable retail footprint. To the first question that you raised, we're not going to provide specific numbers, but we were pleased with the bounce back in July. And as you know, market share can bounce around here and there. over the course of any given year or any given quarter. And as I said in my prepared remarks, you can't take market share to the bank. So, what we don't want to do is completely blow out our reinvestment levels and pursue a market share doesn't drive meaningful flow-through. So, we are being disciplined with respect to reinvestment and being aggressive in terms of going out and getting business.
Joe Greff: Great. Thank you for that. And then with respect to your UAE project, I heard all of the things that you said, including the timeline for completing the debt financing when do you think we'll actually have specific regulations out there and specifically when you get a license? I know it's been a while now?
Craig Billings: Sure. Thanks, Joe. Well, First of all, we were delighted with the public announcement of the GCGRA, the Federal regulatory body for gaming. If you -- for, I guess, you and everybody else on the call, if you haven't taking a look at their website, we encourage you to do that. The members of that body are some of the luminaries of the industry and very, very experienced regulators. The establishment of the GCGRA creates -- hopefully creates incremental clarity for investors and financing sources. It certainly has on the financing -- on the bank financing side. And then you'll also note that they recently awarded a lottery license for the UAE, and I think that, that hopefully again, gives folks comfort. I assume that they will be moving forward next -- to the next step in our licensure. I don't have a specific time line for you, but you can see all the momentum that's happening there.
Joe Greff: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Shaun Kelley with Bank of America. You may go ahead.
Shaun Kelley: Hi. Good afternoon, everyone. Thanks for taking my questions. Craig or Julie -- one thing we've been watching in the data is on the visitation front into Macau. In the second quarter, in particular, these are market-wide stats. It looks like it sort of fell a little bit below trend line and a little bit below the pace of recovery we have been seeing in prior quarters. I'm curious, do you see something similar in volumes to the property? Perhaps you probably see it maybe it would be a little bit more acute at the Peninsula appreciate base mass isn't really necessarily the pond that you swim in. But -- just kind of what are you seeing on that visitation front? And have some of those stresses or factors improved at all in July so far, early August or vice versa, it deteriorated at all? Thank you.
Craig Billings: Thanks, Shaun. Yeah, I'm sure you saw the news flow with respect to -- it was nearly a single day, but with respect to the recent visitation record, your -- you're right, we don't really swim in that pond. It's not about the number of bodies, it's about the quality of the bodies. You're also correct that, if we had to pick up one of the two properties that was more exposed to that, it would be downtown, and I can't say that, that was a meaningful -- that had a meaningful impact rather during the second quarter, it was really about share. We have to fight for share every day. That's what we need to do. So I don't -- we don't really watch visitation numbers and think about the broader impact on our business because, again, for us, it's about who's there, not how many are there.
Shaun Kelley: Great. And then just maybe as a follow-up, just on the -- on the spend per visit. Have you seen any changes in patterns again outside of maybe the luxury piece, which you called out earlier? Just anything sort of else of note behaviorally for the customers that did come and obviously, they're -- maybe they're looking for demanding a little bit more on the promotional reinvestment front, but just anything behaviorally or across different status levels, base mass versus premium massive note?
Craig Billings: No. There's a lot of crosscurrents happening in the economy there. So we watch that very closely. And as we've seen in this cycle and in previous cycles, the gaming business has been pretty resilient. You'll note the comment that I made to the previous caller with respect to retail. And I think you see that in the retail revenue and the retail revenue trends, but with respect to gaming, we don't see that. What we see is a mere competitive environment for market share. And so we have to be competitive and get our fair share.
Shaun Kelley: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Dan Politzer with Wells Fargo. You may go ahead.
Dan Politzer: Hey, good afternoon, everyone. Thanks for taking my question. First on Macau, up until this quarter, your share has been pretty stable. I mean, is your sense that as GGRs slowed in or decelerated in Macau the promotional environment has maybe stepped up a notch? And is it -- if so, is it multiple operators, a single operator or Cotai, Peninsula? Any additional color would be helpful.
Brian Gullbrants: Sure. Well, with the caveat that Macau has always been and always will be an extremely competitive market. I'm not going to comment on specific promotional activity by others in the market, but I can tell you that our reinvestment in any given quarter could move up or down 50 basis points, 75 basis points, something like that based on what we're trying to achieve, but the core of our competitive strength will always be product and service.
Dan Politzer: Got it. And then in terms of Las Vegas, it seems like the Sphere calendar of events has really started to fill out nicely. To what extent are you seeing an uplift there from that customer base just given your proximity to that venue?
Craig Billings: Well, I would say, anecdotally, it is impactful. I say anecdotally because we have so much going on, both in terms of internally generated events and programming that we're doing here and citywide events that are happening or events that are happening in other properties. So, I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we've done some $970 million in EBITDA out of in Las Vegas over the trailing 12 months. That's a real credit to the team here. So, every little bit counts. I can't isolate any particular event short of, of course, the major events like F1, Super Bowl, things like that. And as I said on the previous call, we're delighted to have the Sphere and their team as neighbors. We love innovators, we love people that do things at the cutting edge and drive high-quality visitation.
Dan Politzer: Great. Thanks so much.
Craig Billings: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Stephen Grambling with Morgan Stanley. You may go ahead.
Stephen Grambling: Thank you. I guess sticking with Vegas, Craig, you've been in and around the industry for -- and seen multiple cycles. I guess with all the concerns mounting over the consumer, what are you on watch for in your business as perhaps a leading indicator? And how do you think about the operating leverage of the business now versus history in terms of being able to flex if the market changes?
Craig Billings: Yes, good question. Thank you. What do you look for? High-end wine sales, club sales. I mean, we can go all day. I mean we can look at the -- we can get into the weeds and talk about individual metrics that you would be looking at, if you were on the inside of our business. We haven't seen that yet as we've been saying now for -- I think we've been answering questions around the impending performance of the business for over two years. So, we haven't seen that yet, but we're watching very, very closely to see how the consumer is behaving both in the moment and as they book to stay with us. What can we do to the extent that the consumer was to soften a little bit? And we've talked about this on calls previously as well. I mean we lived through a zero revenue environment for several months, and a seriously compressed revenue environment for many months after that as we went through COVID and the aftermath of COVID. That team is still here, still doing a tremendous job, and we have every playbook under the sun. We've learned how to run this business far differently than we were able to pre-COVID, which is part of the reason that we have been running such incredibly healthy margins, and we're able to fade things like the union increases, the way that we have. So, we have a playbook for every possible situation, but we haven't seen any of those situations emerge yet.
Stephen Grambling: And perhaps as an unrelated follow-up. You mentioned the progress made in the UAE. There also looks like there's been some progress in Thailand. I guess, what are your latest thoughts on that market? Would that be something that you'd pursue? Or do you more likely to be pursued out of the Hong Kong entity? Thanks.
Craig Billings: Yes, we would pursue it out of Wynn Resorts out of the U.S.-listed entity. It's still early days. You're right, there has been progress, and it's encouraging to see, and it seems as though the legislators in Thailand really want to get this moving, which is great. We need to see more details on the regulatory and licensing structures, but the market is an attractive market, and it's probably conducive to meaningful investment, pending, again, a deeper understanding of the regulatory and licensing structure, you have amazing tourism infrastructure, you have a really strong service culture and a favorable operating expense, structure available in that market. So we're continuing to monitor the process very, very closely and we're active on the ground there.
Stephen Grambling: Great. Thank you.
Craig Billings: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from David Katz with Jefferies. You may go ahead.
David Katz: Hi. Afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. I wanted to go back to the capital allocation discussion, specifically the buyback, if I may. Obviously, there's wide ranging views about how to execute those, but with you getting, your company getting to that four times leverage, do you think about a target leverage range, separate apart from projects, and if you could go just a little farther on the philosophy around opportunistic versus programmatic in terms of the buybacks for some insight, because I think the arguments are valid that your stock may be cheap at $100, right, or $76 or wherever it may be, just curious. Thanks.
Craig Billings: Sure. The second portion of your question first, we don't target, we don't have target leverage levels, because we will lever in place EBITDA to develop new projects. But we feel very good with where we are now. There's a WACC minimization question that needs to be answered, and we'll probably in that zone, at the leverage level that we're at today. With respect to buybacks, it's a little bit like capital deployment. We think about these things in five and 10-year increments, and over five or 10 years there's going to be times when the stock is expensive. There's going to be times when the stock is fairly priced and there's going to be times when the stock is cheap. And so what we need to do is continuously decapitalize in an appropriate manner, and of course, we will consider whatever the implied valuation is in the equity at any given point in time. And we will, act accordingly. But if we're growing the company by putting capital in the ground, we're returning capital to shareholders through the dividend. And we are decapitalizing the business and we're doing the right thing for those who have a long-term view on our business. And those are the people that we care about.
David Katz: That's perfect. Thank you very much.
Craig Billings: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Robin Farley with UBS. You may go ahead.
Robin Farley: Great. Thanks. Macao question and a Vegas question. For Macau, it seems like the use of smart tables has impacted market share in Macau pretty meaningfully. If you could kind of remind us where you are with implementing those and maybe a time frame for if there's kind of a learning curve for a several quarters or something, and kind of where you are with that, and then I have a Vegas question. Thanks.
Craig Billings: Sure, sure. Robin. Yes, smart tables have a few. They've been around for a long time, but they've really just now reached a point from a technical soundness perspective and capability perspective where they could be really impactful. So, of course, they have positive implications on game security. They have some implications on OpEx. But the important aspect of them is in fact, the data and the ability to ingest and act on the data, which can drive better reinvestment decisions, which I think is at the core of what you mentioned when you say that it impacts market share. We've had a test bank of smart tables for a while now, and we're now moving to full rollout. We've made a ton of investments in the areas of analytics and data science over the course of the past several years. And I think we'll be in a position relatively quickly to both ingest and interpret and act on that data subsequent to roll out
Robin Farley: Okay. Great. Thank you. And then just on Vegas. You talked about some of the expenses of wage hikes have kind of hurt some of the EBITDAR flow through. If you could just remind us when that will sort of be fully anniversaried. And then I don't know if there's anything you'd call out about comping the Super Bowl in Q1. Anything you'd call out there? Thanks.
Craig Billings: Sure. We lacked the union increases a couple of days ago. So July was the last month that we were still dealing with difficult year-over-year comparables on those. And with respect to Q1, I don't have a view for you yet to be perfectly honest. I mean, we agree how we operate. We aggressively manage revenue and we aggressively manage expenses, and we'll do that throughout Q1. But what the impact of not having the Super Bowl this year will be  and what that will mean to the numbers, I don't have any guidance for you yet.
Robin Farley: Okay. Thank you very much. Thanks.
A  Craig Billings: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Brandt Montour with Barclays. You may go ahead.
Brandt Montour: Thank you for the question. Good afternoon, good evening, everybody. So first one on UAE. I know it's a little early maybe to start talking about or flushing out a go-to-market strategy. I'm curious, just given that the location of the property, I know that your database, I'm sure, is global in nature. But I'm assuming that Europe would probably be the largest source market where you're the least exposed from a physical footprint standpoint. Maybe you could just flesh out where you think your customers are going to come from mainly out of the gate and where you plan to market the most out of the gate?
A  Craig Billings: Sure. Trying to figure out how to condense and hours or the content into a response. But so the way I think about it is like this. There is not a proper integrated resort on really that half of the planet, okay? So the closest is going to be in Asia, right, Singapore or Macau. So we have this unique asset. We have a very, very robust population that is within a eight-hour flight of that asset. This is a part of the world where people are accustomed to flying longer distances in order to holiday and to visit. You have 86 million airlifts coming into the Dubai Airport, we're about 55 minutes via one of three six-lane highways from the Dubai airport. In fact, because of traffic, it's shorter to get to us than it is to get to the major areas within Dubai. And then you have 10 million people locally, 9 million of whom are not Emirati and therefore, are able to play. So -- and if you compare that to Boston, if you compare that to New York City, you can see that, that's a pretty favorable number. So we have a very robust go-to-market plan. We're not going to talk about it publicly, but we will be ready when the door is open. And I would say to your comment on Europe, yes, Europe is an important market for the UAE in general. But don't forget India. India is a huge market for this part of the world. There's a lot of folks there. There's a lot of wealth in India, and that's going to be an important market. There are other parts of Asia that are big markets for the UAE as well. So it's an exciting project. I think the catchment area is probably larger than any other project that we have done, maybe akin to Vegas if you take into account the fact that Europe's population is pretty substantial and the international airlift is incredibly strong.
Brandt Montour: Thanks for that. That was a lot of information in a short amount of time. I appreciate that. And then my second question is just on Macau, and apologies for the short-term question, but when your comments on July bouncing back and market share is that -- do you think that's more because the competitive environment may have stabilized a little bit sequentially? Or is it just more related to the July visitation coming back and allowing sort of everything to cool off a little bit from the competitive standpoint?
Craig Billings: No. Well, first of all, a market share can bounce in, three people can come in and change your market share on any given day. That's the nature of the business, right, particularly when you're operating at the high end. So market share can bounce around. I think we are in a constant process of evaluating and re-evaluating not just the quantum of reinvestment that we will provide, but the form of that reinvestment, and we are targeting that reinvestment at very specific segments and sub-segments of the market. And so we recognized what we needed to tweak from Q2 and from June in particular, and we corrected it, and we went to market with it, and we, like I said, we bounced back in July, which was good to see.
Brandt Montour: Perfect. Thanks, everyone.
Julie Cameron-Doe: Thank you, Brent. And operator, the next question will be our last. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The last question is from Chad Beynon with Macquarie. You may go ahead.
Chad Beynon: Afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. Craig, you highlighted just kind of the overall strength in Vegas, the $970 million. You guys are always out punching your weight in that market, and you still have additional space to expand the property or build something differently. So, kind of going back to the capital allocation question, how are you thinking about Vegas long-term as a market to grow your footprint and the returns in that market versus some of the other things that you've talked about on this call. Thanks.
Craig Billings: Sure. We will grow in Vegas. It's really a question of when, not if, and we will take advantage of the land bank that we have in Las Vegas. In terms of relative returns, I think the highest relative return that we can quantify now is absolutely in the UAE on Al Marjan Island. And as I mentioned, we just took down a land bank there as well. You can look at the history of gaming markets, Macau in particular, and you can see the power of a land bank and the power of using that land bank and going to market relatively quickly. So that's top of mind for us. The other development opportunities that we have, most notably the potential in New York and the potential in Thailand, it's too early to say what the returns will be because we don't know what the tax rate will be. And obviously that heavily inversely correlates to what the return on the project will be. And we won't do projects, vanity projects, if those vanity projects don't deliver appropriate returns relative to everything else that we have on our plate.
Chad Beynon: Thanks. And then secondly, just in terms in terms of the different customers in your database, focusing on the US, I guess, mainly still in Vegas. Are you seeing any change in trends with your, I guess, your high end versus your ultra high end anything you're able to talk about? I know retail, you talked about in Macau is kind of moving with the market, but anything that you're seeing differently in the US with the different levels of upper end customers in your database?
Craig Billings: Sure. Not really. So I talked about this a little bit on the last call. There is a bright side to the fact that purchasing power -- the purchasing environment dollar today is the same as about $0.80 in June of 2019. We repriced our rooms every day. Our gaming customer's bank roles are in current dollars. Of course, our invested capital and our debt is in yesterday's dollars, which is a great setup. If you look at that $970 million of EBITDA on our invested capital here. It's a very, very healthy return. That being said, we don't see it, and I wouldn't say that there's wide differentiation across the customer database. So again, and you referenced this, we focus on a very specific customer. Brian, anything you would add there?
Brian Gullbrants: Yes. I would say at the highest end of the market continues to grow for us on the non-gaming side, and the team has done a phenomenal job in capturing that business and it's perfect for our brand, and that's where we sit and operate and do a great job. So it continues to grow.
Chad Beynon: Good. Thank you very much.
Craig Billings: Sure.
Julie Cameron-Doe: Well, thank you, Chad, and thank you, everyone. We'll now close the call. Thank you for your interest in Wynn Resorts, and we look forward to updating you again next quarter.
Craig Billings: Thanks, everybody.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today's conference. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-05-07 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Wynn Resorts First Quarter Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. 
 I will now turn the line over to Julie Cameron-Doe, Chief Financial Officer. Please go ahead. 
Julie Cameron-Doe: Thank you, operator, and good afternoon, everyone. On the call with me today are Craig Billings and Brian Gullbrants in Las Vegas. Also on the line are Linda Chen, Frederic Luvisutto and Jenny Holaday. 
 I want to remind you that we may make forward-looking statements under safe harbor federal securities laws, and those statements may or may not come true. 
 I will now turn the call over to Craig Billings. 
Craig Billings: Thanks, Julie. Good afternoon, everyone, as always. Thanks for joining us today. 
 The momentum that we generated in the business throughout 2023 continued into 2024 as we delivered all-time record property EBITDAR of $647 million during the first quarter of 2024. I'm incredibly proud of all of our team members who remain so focused on delivering 5-star service and one-of-a-kind experiences to our guests. A heartfelt thank you to each of you. 
 Turning to the quarter and starting here in Vegas. Wynn Las Vegas delivered $246 million of adjusted property EBITDAR, a first quarter record and up 6% year-on-year on a very difficult comp. As we noted on our last call, most of the action in the quarter was concentrated in February as the combination of Super Bowl and Chinese New Year drove all-time record EBITDAR during the month. 
 Quarter was characterized by strong performance across our nongaming businesses with revenue growing 16% year-on-year, led by 21% growth in hotel revenue along with healthy volumes in the casino. Through our unique combination of the best service levels in the market, continuous reinvestment in our property and our Only at Wynn programming, we continue to fire on all cylinders here in Las Vegas. More recently, our top line trends remained healthy in April with drop, handle and RevPAR all up year-over-year on yet another difficult comp. 
 Turning to Boston. Encore generated $63 million of EBITDAR during the quarter. The team in Boston successfully navigated a confluence of poor weather in January and inflationary pressures during the quarter as EBITDAR and revenue at the property were largely stable year-on-year. There were encouraging pockets of strength in the quarter with record slot handle and strong year-on-year growth in hotel revenue. More recently, demand has remained healthy through April with particular strength in slot handle and RevPAR. 
 On the development across from Encore Boston Harbor, we have put this development on hold for the time being as we have been unable to reach an agreement with local authorities on certain financial terms. Though it's disappointing, we have numerous other development projects globally where we can redirect the capital we intended to deploy in Boston. 
 Turning to Macau. We generated $340 million of EBITDAR in the quarter on GGR market share that was above both the prior quarter and above our 2019 exit. We held above our expected range. So on a fully normalized basis, EBITDAR would have been approximately $320 million. The strength in our business has continued into Q2. In the casino, our mass drop per day in April increased 30% versus April 2019. And on the nongaming side, our hotel occupancy was 99%. 
 Overall, strong top line performance, combined with disciplined OpEx control drove healthy margins during April. We were also pleased with the results during May Golden Week, particularly in light of unfavorable weather in the region. 
 In the casino, mass drop per day increased 30% versus the comparable 2019 holiday period and approach levels seen during last Chinese New Year. 
 On the development front in Macau, we began initial demolition and construction work on our second concession-related project, our destination food hall. We are well into design and planning for our other major concession-related CapEx commitments, including our new events and entertainment center and a unique theater and showroom. 
 Turning to Wynn Al Marjan in the UAE. Construction is rapidly advancing on the project. And as of this week, we are currently constructing the fourth floor of the hotel tower. You can find recent renderings and images of Wynn Al Marjan in a press release we issued yesterday ahead of a major travel convention taking place this week in Dubai. And I expect we will further update you on the advances we have made on the project later this year. 
 Finally, we are actively considering greenfield development opportunities in New York City and potentially Thailand. In New York, we believe a full-scale Wynn integrated resort in Hudson Yards will drive meaningful incremental tax revenue, tourism and employment in the state. Despite the elongation of the RFA submission process in New York, we remain intrigued by the prospect of a Wynn resort in Manhattan. 
 In Thailand, it's early days, and we have yet to see the regulatory and licensing structures. Thailand is already a major tourism destination with significant tourism infrastructure and a world-class service culture so we will continue to closely monitor advancement of the legalization process. 
 I remain incredibly bullish about the future of our company. In Las Vegas, we remain at the pinnacle of the market with tremendous demand for what we offer. And in an inflationary environment like this, we have the luxury of being able to reprice our hotel rooms every day in order to take advantage of that demand. 
 In Macau, we continue to punch above our weight on a revenue per hotel room basis generating meaningful market share and substantial discretionary free cash flow. We also have a meaningful high-ROI project underway in the UAE along with potential greenfield developments in other attractive gateway cities. 
 Meanwhile, our leverage profile continues to improve as does our outlook on future free cash flow. Our best days lie ahead. 
 With that, I will now turn it over to Julie to run through some additional details on the quarter.  Julie? 
Julie Cameron-Doe: Thank you, Craig. 
 At Wynn Las Vegas, we generated $246.3 million in adjusted property EBITDAR on $636.5 million of operating revenue during the quarter delivering an EBITDAR margin of 38.7%. Hold was a bit of a mixed bag given results in the Sportsbook, and we estimate a net $5 million benefit from higher than normal hold in the quarter. 
 OpEx, excluding gaming tax per day, was $4.1 million in Q1 2024, up 9% year-over-year and in line with the increase in operating revenues as we successfully absorbed incremental OpEx related to Super Bowl programming, union-related payroll increases and other inflationary pressures. 
 Turning to Boston. We generated adjusted property EBITDAR of $63 million on revenue of $217.8 million with an EBITDAR margin of 29%. We've stayed very disciplined on the cost side and, excluding a $2 million benefit from a onetime item, OpEx per day was $1.19 million in Q1 2024, up around 2% year-over-year. The team has done a great job mitigating union-related payroll increases with cost efficiencies in areas of the business that do not impact the guest experience. 
 Our Macau operations delivered adjusted property EBITDAR of $339.6 million in the quarter on $998.6 million of operating revenue. As Craig alluded to, we estimate higher than normal hold positively impacted EBITDA by around $19 million during the quarter. VIP hold was largely in the normal range with the hold impact primarily related to higher than normal hold on Wynn Palace's mass table games. 
 EBITDA margin was 34% in the quarter, an increase of 140 basis points relative to Q4 2023 and 310 basis points relative to Q1 2019. Overall, our strong margin expansion relative to 2019 has been driven by a combination of the favorable mix shift to higher-margin mass gaming and operating leverage on cost efficiencies. 
 Our OpEx, excluding gaming tax, was approximately $2.6 million per day in Q1, a decrease of 17% compared to $3.2 million in Q1 2019. OpEx increased 3% on a sequential basis, well below the 10% increase in operating revenue. The team has done a great job staying disciplined on costs, and we remain well positioned to drive strong operating leverage as the market continues to recover. 
 In terms of CapEx in Macau, we're currently advancing through the design and planning stages on several of our concession commitments. And as we noted the past few quarters, these projects require a number of government approvals, creating a wide range of potential CapEx outcomes in the near term. As such, we continue to expect CapEx related to our concession commitments to range between $350 million and $500 million in total between 2024 and the end of 2025. 
 Moving on to the balance sheet. Our liquidity position remains very strong with global cash and revolver availability of nearly $4.2 billion as of March 31. This was comprised of $2.2 billion of total cash and available liquidity in Macau and approximately $2 billion in the U.S. 
 On the capital markets front, in February, we issued a $400 million add-on to the Wynn Resorts Finance 2031 unsecured notes with net proceeds along with cash on hand used to fund the tender and repurchase of $800 million of Wynn Las Vegas notes maturing in March 2025. Over the past 4 quarters, we've reduced company-wide gross debt by approximately $1 billion. 
 Bringing it all together, the combination of strong performance in each of our markets globally, with our properties generating over $2.3 billion of trailing 12-month property EBITDAR, together with our robust cash position, creates a very healthy consolidated net leverage ratio of just over 4x. 
 Our strong free cash flow and liquidity profile allows us to reduce leverage while returning capital to shareholders. To that end, the Board approved a cash dividend of $0.25 per share payable on May 31, 2024 to stockholders of record as of May 20, 2024. 
 Additionally, in late March, the Wynn Macau Board recommended the reinstatement of a dividend at $0.075 per share or USD 50 million highlighting our commitment to prudently returning capital to shareholders in both the U.S. and Macau. 
 Finally, our CapEx in the quarter was $97.7 million primarily related to the Villa renovations and food and beverage enhancements at Wynn Las Vegas, concession-related CapEx in Macau and normal course maintenance across the business. Additionally, we contributed $70 million of equity to the Wynn Al Marjan Island JV project during the quarter, bringing the total equity contribution to date to approximately $160 million. 
 With that, we will now open up the call to Q&A. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Carlo Santarelli from Deutsche Bank. 
Carlo Santarelli: Craig, just in terms of what you're seeing in Macau, obviously, you guys had a strong quarter. Everything seemed to flow through very nicely. In terms of the competitive landscape that you're seeing into May now relative to perhaps what you're seeing last quarter or fourth quarter, more specifically, could you kind of characterize what's [indiscernible] the market at? 
Craig Billings: Yes. Sure, Carlo. You cut out a little bit there at the end, but I got the gist of your question. Macau has always been and is currently a competitive market. And as you know, we focus on product and service, and we focus on attracting the best guests in the market. So I've seen a lot of the questions and the commentary around promotional activity. 
 I don't really want to speak to promotional activity by others in the market. But I can tell you that our reinvestment can move 50, 75 basis points in any given quarter depending upon what we are trying to achieve. But the core of our competitive strength remains product and service. And I think you can see that in Q1 with both our results and our margin. 
Carlo Santarelli: Helpful. And then, Craig, just going back to your remarks on Las Vegas. You made a point of kind of calling out February being the primary driver of the quarter. You then follow that up with drop, handle, RevPAR kind of all up in April and mentioned kind of tougher comparisons along the way. 
 How do you kind of foresee what is a very, obviously, tough comp stack as you move through the balance of this year in the market? 
Craig Billings: Sure. Well, first, as it specifically relates to drop and handle, we've almost doubled handle from 2019 to 2023, and a lot of that was share taking. We have table drop that's up almost 50% in the same period so not too shabby. And as you know, I've said on several calls, trees don't grow to the sky. 
 But all that being said, the comps are getting tougher. And if you go to a CPI calculator online, you will find that the purchasing power of $1 today is the same as about $0.80 in March of 2019. 
 So for a casino and a hotel operator like us who can reprice rooms every day and whose customers gaming bankrolls reflect the current value of the dollar, we shouldn't be surprised that results today when compared to the past look pretty good. Of course, that pricing power is exacerbated by the strength of what we offer here in Las Vegas with the best service quality, the best physical experience and top-notch program. 
 You can layer on top of that that our target customer base, they can now earn 5 points on their money just by putting it in the bank, and that has seen pretty strong wealth creation over the past several quarters, it's a pretty powerful EBITDA setup. 
 Of course, by the way, the vast majority of our deployed capital here and our debt is in yesterday's dollars. So that EBITDA setup also works wonders for returns and discretionary free cash flow. 
 I digress slightly, but when do things go from absolutely unbelievable to just really great? I don't know the answer to that. The best I can do is give you a clear picture of what we're seeing right now as I did in my prepared remarks with respect to April, and it's good. 
Operator: Our next caller is Joe Greff with JPMorgan. 
Joseph Greff: My first question is on Macau and follows up on Carlos' Macau-related promotional question. If we look at the 1Q, the conversion of gross gaming revenues of Macau to casino revenues was at a better clip than it was in the fourth quarter and all of last year by quarter. How much of that sequential improvement over the last couple of quarters is just a function of maybe a high hold versus maybe you're operating the business differently than maybe some of your peers who are seeing that relationship sequence less favorably for them than it has for you? 
Craig Billings: Yes. Thanks, Joe. It has a lot to do with the revamp of our loyalty program and the fact that we have given our customers choice in terms of how they want their reinvestment. And so in any given quarter, those choices change. And some of those choices flow to contra revenue and some of those choices flow to OpEx. So that's really the primary driver. It's not indicative of a systemic change in the aggregate reinvestment. 
Operator: Our next caller is Shaun Kelley with Bank of America. 
Shaun Kelley: Craig or Julie, I just wanted to ask about maybe the Macau OpEx trajectory. Obviously, you've driven and sounds like you expect to continue to see some pretty great operating leverage there. But it is -- as we're still normalizing in that market, it's probably a little bit tougher for us to get a sense of just sort of underlying core expense growth or inflation. So any comments as things start to annualize and normalize a little bit? How much kind of on a year-on-year basis you'd expect that to level off to maybe in the back half of the year? 
Julie Cameron-Doe: Sure. Shaun, I'll take that one. 
 Yes, we've talked quite a bit about OpEx and how we've been very disciplined in managing it and how we've been able to accommodate the nongaming OpEx that we have to spend to meet our concession commitments. So we've been really disciplined. We had OpEx per day of $2.63 million in Q1. So it's still well below Q1 '19 levels, and it's only up 3% sequentially. 
 It was a big Q in terms of what we call tentpole events. And it's -- obviously, the OpEx increase is well below the 10% we've had sequentially in operating revenue. So we had -- we were really pleased with the flow-through there. 
 Going forward, we're going to continue to be really disciplined around OpEx. We have good line of sight to the events calendar and how we'll continue to incorporate that. So as we have our EBITDA margin at both properties above Q1 '19 levels and our OpEx were well controlled, we really expect revenue mix to be the key driver of margins going forward. 
 We're going to have some quarter-to-quarter variation as we see different events on the calendar, and we continue to roll out programming. But we feel pretty good about what we've managed to land with OpEx. And we see potential for some quarters to be slightly inside of that $2.63 million. And maybe in a bigger quarter, it might be slightly outside of that. But overall, we're in a good place. 
Shaun Kelley: Super. And just as my follow-up, Craig, to go back to sort of the Las Vegas macro commentary, I mean, I think what many of us struggling with, and I'm sure you're familiar with this in conversations with industry executives, is just -- there have been some comments out there about some leisure -- even at the high end, some leisure pushback when maybe the product mix isn't perfect. And I think -- in some cases, it looks like Wynn is kind of perfect on many of these metrics. 
 But I'm just curious, as you look through all the KPIs across your business, did you see any area of skittishness? I mean, any area that you would consider normalization or movement around or the truth is the dynamics are alive and well there and again, we may just need to be looking somewhere else across the strip or outside of Las Vegas to see that change in the consumer right now? 
Craig Billings: Yes. Sure, Sean. Not really. So if you think about what's happening in Vegas, those who have deployed capital in Vegas over the course of the past 5 years, it actually hasn't been so much -- at least innovative capital. It actually hasn't been so much the industry. 
 It's been the sphere, it's been the raters. It's been smaller but still impactful capital deployment here that has driven all kinds of demand to the market. And you've heard our competitors talk about this as well, and we have a unique position in the market. 
 So again, I'll say it, trees don't grow to the sky and comps get tougher and tougher over time. But from a pricing power perspective, we feel great, certainly relative to the rest of the strip. 
 Brian, do you have any comments on what we're seeing in the booking window at this point? 
Brian Gullbrants: Yes. I mean, everything is pretty much a result of retreated back to what it was in 2019 with respect to bookings. And when you look at the pace of group, we continue to pace to have our best year ever over '23, which was our best year ever, and '25 and '26 are pacing nicely, not just in group, but we're seeing that across the board. 
 So I think continuing to focus on our people, our assets, our experiential events that we put together really allow us to just drive price and continue to balance all our channels. 
Craig Billings: And what it means by 2019 is that it's reverted to a normal -- a very normal booking process. 
Brian Gullbrants: The booking windows are back to normal, and it's quite nice. 
Operator: Our next caller is Dan Politzer with Wells Fargo. 
Daniel Politzer: Just one quick one on Las Vegas. Just in terms of your occupancy at that property, I mean you typically run in the high 80s there. I mean you're getting as much rate as it looks like you want. I mean fundamentally, is that property structurally different in that relative to the Macau properties where you run occupancy close to 99%? It just seems like -- I know there's a balance there, but any reason occupancy in Vegas couldn't go higher as you keep pushing rates up modestly? 
Craig Billings: Sure. So first and foremost, and this is true company-wide, we never want to be in a position where we have to walk someone because we don't have their room type or we don't have their room available for them. Second, at some point, the experience on the property actually degrades if you get to use an extreme 99% occupancy. So we're always balancing occupancy and rate in order to drive strong revenue results but also maintain a great experience on the property. 
 Macau is very different. Macau, there is a decent amount of occupancy that occurs on the day. So you have people that are in-market and we will offer them a room while they're in-market so you have the ability to drive up that occupancy very, very close to 100%. So it's really just a difference in market dynamics. 
 And can we run higher in Vegas? Sure, we could. We could do that. And at times, we do. We do run higher and then it washes out later in the quarter where we run lower. It's really just a question of the on-premises experience and maximizing revenue. 
Daniel Politzer: Got it. And then just switching to Thailand. Maybe could you talk a little bit about that opportunity potentially? I know it's quite early days but just high level in terms of timing, project size, how competitive do you think this process would be? Any incremental color would be great. 
Craig Billings: Sure. Yes, it's very, very early. I mean, we -- first things first, we need to understand that the regulatory structure, the licensing structure, the bidding structure, et cetera, are all going to be consistent with other jurisdictions that are considered best-in-class. I personally think they will be based on the information that we have to date. But that's really a condition precedent to our further involvement. 
 It's an interesting market for the reasons that I described in my prepared remarks, lots of great infrastructure, a very strong tourism sector today. And I think it will be a competitive process. I think in any market like that, that has those dynamics, I think you're going to find a lot of folks that are interested in being there. And we are very confident in our capabilities given the strength of the portfolio as it exists today and the talent that we have in this business. 
Operator: Our next caller is John DeCree with CBRE. 
John DeCree: First one, maybe, Craig, you've introduced some new renderings and photos of Al Marjan in front of the ATM conference here in Dubai. Curious if you could remind us total capital contribution and budget or construction cost and if that's changed at all since you've kind of updated the renderings for that project. 
Craig Billings: Sure. The total budget is around $4 billion. If budgets move here and there but no substantial movement, our capital contribution will be, round numbers, call it, $900 million. That heavily depends on the construction leverage. So we're in the midst of figuring that out now. But you can figure something like 50-50 debt to equity and then we would be 40% of the equity. 
John DeCree: Got it. Understood. That's helpful. And then maybe one back domestically to get a little granular, perhaps in Las Vegas on the quarter. You called out February. We knew that was going to be an event-driven month. But I was wondering if you could kind of parse out what January and March look like. And I guess some color on April coming out of the quarter quite strong. But as you kind of size up 1Q, any comments about January and March, specifically relative to year-over-year in terms of performance. 
Craig Billings: Sure. What I would say is this. February, as we called out, it would be -- was, of course, the strongest month of the quarter. And then in rank order, it would be March and January. 
Operator: Our next caller is Robin Farley with UBS. 
Robin Farley: I wonder if you could just touch on anything for Al Marjan that has to happen from a regulatory perspective approval at any level. If the construction were done tomorrow before it can actually start operating the casino, just to clarify that. 
Craig Billings: Sure, Robin. Just like other jurisdictions, there are regulatory requirements that are required before we can open the doors. And so we expect that we will meet those regulatory requirements and receive the necessary approvals in due course. 
Robin Farley: But is there anything from a perspective in terms of anything that has to be legalized at any level or separate from just what we have to do to meet licensing? 
Craig Billings: We're not building on spec, put it that way. So I think you've seen -- hopefully, you've seen that they have created a federal regulatory body of the GCGRA in order to license and issue -- license operators and issue regulations associated with gaming. The GCGRA's activities are ongoing, and we are aware of what they are. And we'll get all the necessary approvals in due course. 
Operator: Our next caller is Ben Chaiken with Mizuho. 
Benjamin Chaiken: Just one quick one in Macau. At the Wynn Macau property, your mass hold was around 19% for the second quarter in a row after holding below normal for a long period of time. Do you think the current gaming volumes at this property are enough to have more normalized variability in hold, such as what we've seen in the last few quarters? Any color there would be great. 
Craig Billings: Sure. And then we held high subsequent to the end of the quarter. It really is just a function of the normal ebb and flow of the game. A lot of that has to do with the volume of high-end play. And so there's really nothing -- there's really not a lot to see there and, over time, hold will normalize. 
Julie Cameron-Doe: Operator, we'll take one last question after this one. 
Operator: And that last caller comes from David Katz with Jefferies. 
David Katz: I wanted to just touch on Las Vegas, given the comps are in [indiscernible] market given the available resources that you have. I just wonder under what circumstances you might look at developing some of the excess volumes you have in Las Vegas and what would have to happen moving forward? 
Craig Billings: Thanks, David. You were chopping up there a bit, but I think I got the gist of your question. I think you were addressing the development opportunities in the land that we have here. But we do -- we have a very substantial land bank in Las Vegas, as you know. And the reality is that we are replacing choices now from a development perspective. 
 We've got the projects going on in the UAE. By the way, we will have a land bank there as well. We're obviously looking at New York. We are considering Thailand as that process evolves. 
 And so we have a lot of things in the hopper at the moment that are going to meaningfully increase our EBITDAR and our free cash flow base. We are always considering particularly the adjacent land on the strip as a potential development opportunity, but we really want to see how some of these other things play out. 
David Katz: And that was -- the nature of my question is sort of what would have to happen for you to want to move forward on Las Vegas? Would some of these have to fall out or just move forward and this comes right after that. I think that was just a nuance to what I was trying to get at. 
Craig Billings: Sure. Yes. So -- the reality is it's many things. So what happens in the macro economy, what happens to borrowing cost, what happens to the cost to build and then what are our other opportunities, how many of those opportunities can be pushed through our design and development team at any given point in time. 
 So it's a -- I don't know, 5D question, I guess. I don't know if you can get into the fifth dimension. But there's a lot of questions there. And right now, we're focused on New York. We're observing Thailand, and we're in the midst of constructing in the UAE. So we like our development pipeline at the moment. We like our future EBITDAR and free cash flow profile at the moment. So stay tuned. 
Julie Cameron-Doe: Thank you. And thank you, operator. With that, we'll bring this call to a close. We thank you for your interest in the company and look forward to talking to you again next quarter. 
Craig Billings: Thanks, everybody. 
Operator: And thank you for participating on today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q4  (2024-02-07 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Wynn Resorts Fourth Quarter 2023 Earnings Call. All participants are in a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer session of today's conference. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. I will now turn the line over to Julie Cameron-Doe, Chief Financial Officer. Please go ahead.
Julie Cameron-Doe: Thank you, operator, and good afternoon, everyone. On the call with me today are Craig Billings, Brian Gullbrants and Steve Weitman in Las Vegas. Also on the line are Linda Chen, Frederic Luvisutto and Jenny Holaday. I want to remind you that we may make forward-looking statements under safe harbor federal securities laws, and those statements may or may not come true. I will now turn the call over to Craig Billings.
Craig Billings: Good afternoon, everyone, and thanks for joining us again today. Well, what a quarter. And really what a year. Every single member of the Wynn team should be incredibly proud of what they achieved together in 2023. Momentum in the business built throughout the year, and we ended on a high note with $632 million of property EBITDA, an all-time quarterly record, capping off a record year in which we generated nearly $2.2 billion of property EBITDA. We see tremendous value in our business as evidenced by our buybacks in the quarter and I'm genuinely looking forward to 2024. The company is more diversified than it's ever been. In Las Vegas, we continue to distance ourselves from peers as the leader in luxury and it's more evident than ever that we are the go-to spot for the best customers attending citywide events like F1. We have a growing business in Macau that is running structurally higher margins than in the past, is much less reliant on the volatile VIP segment and is increasingly well positioned to compete. And importantly, we have a substantial growth opportunity in the UAE that will further diversify our portfolio and expand our brand into new markets. Turning to the quarter and starting here in Vegas. Wynn Las Vegas delivered $271 million of adjusted property EBITDA, an all-time quarterly record, up 24% year-on-year on a very difficult comp. While F1 was clearly a contributor, activity of the property was intense throughout the quarter, with RevPAR table drop, slot handle and food and beverage revenue all well above what was a very strong quarter in 2022. In fact, we had our best October, our best November, and our best December ever in terms of EBITDA during Q4. We continue to fire on all cylinders here in Las Vegas, and I'm incredibly proud of the Vegas team. More recently, January 2024 looked a lot like January 2023 from an overall revenue perspective with hotel revenue particularly strong. That being said, January isn't where the action is this quarter. It's all about February. Super Bowl, Chinese New Year and for us, the best February in our history for group and convention. Between Super Bowl and Chinese New Year, we have doubled the front money and credit that we had in 2023, and we expect record hotel revenue over Super Bowl. So a very active February will really set the tone for the first quarter. Turning to Boston. Encore generated $64 million of EBITDAR during the quarter, similar to many other regional markets, demand at the property was largely stable year-on-year. Revenue decreased by about 0.5%, but the team has done a great job remaining disciplined on OpEx, driving a 2% year-over-year increase in EBITDAR. More recently, underlying demand has remained healthy through January although a couple of unfortunately timed winter storms had negatively impacted visitation during a few recent weekends. On the development across from Encore Boston Harbor, we recently received a key environmental approval and we are advancing through a few remaining items before construction can begin. Turning to Macau. We generated $297 million of EBITDA in the quarter on market share that was consistent with the prior quarter and with 2019. While we held in the normal range in mass, we held a bit high in VIP. So on a fully normalized basis, EBITDA would have been approximately $290 million or 94% of Q4 2019 levels. The strength in our business there has continued into Q1. In the casino, our mass drop per day in January increased 32% versus January 2019 and was up sequentially versus Q4. On the non-gaming side, our hotel occupancy was 99%, along with continued strength in tenant retail sales. Overall, strong top line performance, combined with disciplined OpEx control drove healthy margins during the month of January. On the development front, we opened our first major concession-related capital project during Q4, a collaboration with the team behind Las Vegas-based Illuminarium and initial customer feedback has been positive. We are deep into design and planning for our other concession-related CapEx commitments, including our Destination Food Hall, the new event and entertainment center and a unique production show. Lastly, turning to Wynn Al Marjan, construction continues on the project with much of the hotel tower and podium foundation now complete, and we are nearly ready to start going vertical on the hotel tower. Property is really going to be a stunner, and it's great to see the buildings start to take shape. With that, I'll now turn it over to Julie to run through some additional details on the quarter.
Julie Cameron-Doe: Thank you, Craig. At Wynn Las Vegas, we generated $270.8 million in adjusted property EBITDA on $696.8 million of operating revenue during the quarter, delivering an EBITDA margin of 38.9%, up 140 basis points year-on-year. Higher than novel table games hold benefited EBITDA by around $10 million in Q4. OpEx, excluding gaming tax per day was $4.4 million in Q4'23, up 16% year-over-year, well below the 19% increase in revenue. The sequential increase in OpEx was primarily driven by higher programming and staffing costs related to F1. Turning to Boston. We generated adjusted property EBITDA of $64.4 million on revenue of $217.1 million with an EBITDA margin of 29.7%. We've stayed very disciplined on the cost side with OpEx, excluding gaming tax of $1.14 million per day in Q4'23, down 2% year-over-year, driving a 70 basis point increase in EBITDA margin. The team has done a great job mitigating union-related payroll increases with cost efficiencies in areas of the business that do not impact the guest experience. Our Macau operations delivered adjusted property EBITDA of $297 million in the quarter on $910.6 million of operating revenues. As Craig alluded to, we estimate higher-than-expected hold positively impacted EBITDA by around $7 million during the quarter. Importantly, mass hold at both properties within the expected range during the quarter with the hold impact primarily related to the VIP side of the business. EBITDA margin was 32.6% in the quarter, an increase of 140 basis points relative to Q4 2019, driven by a combination of the favorable mix shift to higher-margin mass gaming and operating leverage on cost efficiencies. Our OpEx, excluding gaming tax was approximately $2.56 million per day in Q4, a decrease of 14% compared to $3 million in Q4 2019. The team has done a great job remaining disciplined on costs and we're well positioned to continue to drive strong operating leverage as the market continues to recover. In terms of CapEx in Macau, we're currently advancing through the design and planning stages on our concession commitments. And as we noted in the past few quarters, these projects require a number of government approvals, creating a wide range of potential CapEx outcomes in the near term. As such, we expect CapEx related to our concession commitments to range between $350 million and $500 million in total between 2024 and the end of 2025. Moving on to the balance sheet. Our liquidity position remains very strong with global cash and revolver availability of nearly $4.5 billion as of December 31. This was comprised of $2 billion of total cash and available liquidity in Macau and approximately $2.45 billion in the US. Bringing it all together, the combination of strong performance in each of our markets globally with our properties generating nearly $2.2 billion of property EBITDA in 2023. Together with our robust cash and liquidity position, creates a very healthy leverage and free cash flow profile for the company globally. Further, the Board approved a cash dividend of $0.25 per share payable on February 29, 2024, to stockholders of record as of February 20, 2024. We also repurchased approximately 1.6 million shares, $139 million during the quarter, highlighting our commitment to prudently returning capital to shareholders. We will consider additional dividend increases at Wynn Resorts and the initiation of the dividend from Wynn Macau as the recovery progresses and the exact timing of our global capital deployment plans become more clear. Finally, our CapEx in the quarter was $113 million, primarily related to the spa villa renovations and food and beverage enhancements at Wynn Las Vegas concession-related CapEx in Macau and normal course maintenance across the business. With that, we will now open up the call to Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Carlo Santarelli with Deutsche Bank.
Carlo Santarelli: Hey, Craig. Hey, Julie, everyone. Guys, as you think about kind of Macau and obviously, with the amenities that come on, whether it's concession-related or other. Does this kind of 2.5 to 2.6 daily OpEx rate feel like you're in the right place going forward as we think about 2024, at least?
Craig Billings: Hey, Carlo, I'll start and then I'll hand it to Julie. I mean, I think, we should put it in perspective, right. Our OpEx in the quarter was, I think, about 14% below Q4 2019, and our margins were some, I think, 140 basis points higher. So we're clearly being disciplined on OpEx. But Julie, do you want to discuss some specifics?
Julie Cameron-Doe: Yeah, there were some specifics, Carlo, sequentially. So if you think about it, it increased 160,000 per day or $15 million sequentially and that was split across three different buckets. The first one was higher variable costs on the extremely robust business volumes with hotel occupancy up 100 basis points, GGR up 12%, F&B up 13%. The second bucket really is payroll. We had more overtime pay related to holidays because there were nine public holidays in the quarter versus just two in the previous quarter. And then the third bucket was really the highest spending on concession-related non-gaming events, because this was a particularly heavy event quarter. And you remember, we kind of foreshadowed that in the previous call when we talked about all the different programming we had going on. And that really kicked off with the hypercar exhibition that we had. And then we had several well-received art, sports and culinary events. So that's really what was driving it, the sequential pop. Going forward, we feel, you know we've got -- as Craig said, with EBITDA margin at both properties above Q4'19 levels and with the OpEx well controlled. We do expect the pace of growth in market-wide GGR along with our revenue mix to be a key driver of margins. So there's going to be some quarter-to-quarter variation as we see different programming coming through and we continue to roll out the programming associated with concession commitments.
Craig Billings: Barring, Carlo, barring a major facility opening like the event center, which is a number of years away. I don't foresee a step change in our OpEx, and we're managing it very, very tightly.
Carlo Santarelli: Very helpful. Thank you for the detail as well. Then just as a follow-up. Obviously, the Las Vegas results kind of speak for themselves, and it would be hard to notice anything changed in Las Vegas in the fourth quarter. But obviously, you guys do have a new competitor there to the north. And I was just wondering now with at least a couple of months of kind of experience with that. Could you talk a little bit perhaps about how Fontainebleau has kind of impacted positively or negatively the asset and kind of daily traffic.
Craig Billings: Yeah, it really hasn't. So I feel great about our business. I feel great about where we are. Like I said, February is shaping up to be jampacked between the Super Bowl, Chinese New Year and everything else we have going on, I don't really see any impact.
Carlo Santarelli: Great. Thank you, both.
Operator: Thank you. Our next caller is Joe Greff with JPMorgan.
Joseph Greff: Hi, everyone. Thanks. Craig, in the fourth quarter, mass table GGR was 117% of fourth quarter levels, up from 106% in the 3Q relative to '19 or 3Q of '19. I know you don't sort of think about it maybe or present it at least externally to the same degree that Las Vegas Sands does between how we define this premium mass and its base mass business. But when you think about within the different tiering that you guys have? Would you say all of your mass table tiers are fully recovered plus relative to '19? Or are there some tiers that still have relative recovery to get to and exceed '19 levels?
Craig Billings: Thanks, Joe. I think you have to differentiate between each of the properties. So the early portion of the recovery was clearly premium mass land. You saw that in the different -- the revenue per head or revenue per visitor in the early portion of the recovery. And clearly, we saw that hit Palace first. And so we've been talking for the past several quarters about how Wynn Macau would need a little bit longer to recover. And so at Wynn Palace, now it's really about yielding the rooms and driving the best heads and beds, if you will, in order to continue to grow our position there. And the property is well positioned to do that. At Wynn Macau, where we have historically been more reliant on more transient traffic on what other operators may refer to as core mass. You saw that start to come through in this quarter. There's still more work to do there. But honestly, if you really look at the numbers that Wynn Macau produced this quarter, I'm incredibly proud of that team. You can see the uptick in drop. You can see the uptick in GGR and it was incredibly strong. That's really down to the targeted CapEx that we did that we completed just at the end of the third quarter, bridging into the beginning of the fourth quarter and then also the return of those additional segments that you referred to in your question.
Joseph Greff: Great. That's helpful. And Craig, we heard your positive commentary about February and the 1Q in Las Vegas and in addition to the Super Bowl, the group traction. Would you expect 2Q '24 through 4Q'24 group room nights to be up year-over-year?
Craig Billings: Yeah. Brian, do you want to give a little bit more color?
Brian Gullbrants: Sure. Joe, as we're seeing this year play out, we're really encouraged by the forward group booking trends that we're seeing. The outlook for group business is super strong. '24 is pacing towards a record room night. So that base is there for us to yield from. And the sales and revenue teams continue to just do a great job in yield managing our properties.
Joseph Greff: And on those group room nights, Brian, what would you say rate is relative to '23 pricing?
Craig Billings: We don't disclose that, but you can assume that rates are contracted on a multiyear basis and bear some relationship to CPI.
Joseph Greff: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next caller is Shaun Kelley with Bank of America. You may go ahead.
Shaun Kelley: Hi. Good afternoon, everyone. Craig, maybe just starting and building off the answer to the last question on sort of the way the recovery has played out across the properties. Just specifically at Wynn Macau, is that the bigger beneficiary in the portfolio today as it relates to, let's call it, as we start to see visitation maybe outpace or balance out now relative to the spend per visit we saw, again, earlier in the recovery. Is that sort of the implication of the answer to the last question? Or could you just elaborate a little bit on where you expect to see some of the still very strong visitation numbers and that kind of catch up in the base mass business. Where should we see that most in your portfolio?
Craig Billings: Well, I think you're going to see it across the portfolio, but you're going to see it disproportionately at Wynn Macau just based on the geographic location of the property. You tend to have that more transient customer in downtown and we're going to be a beneficiary of that there. But it affects Palace as well. I mean there's a lot of reasons to visit Palace and to make Palace a destination for a base mass customer. You should see the queue just to get on the gondola out in front of the lake every day. And now as we add incremental amenities like we did with Illuminarium, there's a lot of reasons to visit our property more so than they probably ever have been. So I would say it affects both properties to some extent, but I would expect it to disproportionately affect the property downtown.
Shaun Kelley: Thank you for that. And then maybe as a Las Vegas, question. Obviously, some significant benefit on the event side from F1, which we know disproportionately seems like it accrued to win. You're going to have another big one, it seems like with Super Bowl. Wondering if you could comment a little bit on maybe as you look year-over-year, the broader events business in calendar, you talked about group. So how does the just broader event calendar post Super Bowl feel on a year-over-year basis? And then specifically, because we've got some tracking data that looks pretty good for you. Just any thoughts or comments on the impact of the sphere? And how that has played out, especially on some of the bigger concert nights and what you might see in terms of impact there? Thanks.
Craig Billings: Sure. On the first portion of your question, the event calendar looks pretty good because we spend a whole bunch of time creating our own events. So it's not just the city wides. We've been programming the heck out of this joint for several years now, and we've built a lot of momentum on doing that. And that not only helps us from a brand and marketing perspective, but clearly from a room night and a pricing on rooms perspective. So I feel great about the remainder of 2024 from an events perspective. With respect to the sphere, it's been, I'd tell you, it's been pretty amazing. I mean it probably doesn't affect our rate, but we sure do get a whole bunch of requests to reside on that side of the building in order to see the sphere itself. And certainly, on the U2 weekends, we see an uptick in terms of very high-quality occupancy. So you're talking about kind of the best of the best customers that want to stay with us because we're actually the closest property to the sphere as the crow flies. So it's definitely been additive to us on the margin. And I got to tell you, I admire and respect what they've done by doing that. I think it's incredibly novel. It's incredibly unique, and it's yet another kind of only in Vegas experience that you can have and we're delighted that they're next door.
Shaun Kelley: Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next caller is Dan Politzer with Wells Fargo. You may go ahead, sir.
Daniel Politzer: Hey, good afternoon. Thanks for taking my questions. Look, Vegas is obviously performing at an extremely high level, no real impact from new supply. How do you think about the parcel -- the property parcel Wynn West that you have? And obviously, this is a longer-term focused question, but how did your thought process there maybe expand as it relates to your CapEx projects in the UAE as well as New York? Thanks.
Craig Billings: Sure. I mean, look, there's a lot -- we have a lot of different avenues for growth. We've got a huge land bank here in Vegas, right? We've got the land across the street. We've got the golf course. There's a lot that we can do here. We're in pursuit as I think everyone knows, in New York, we have a project that's actually coming out of the ground in the UAE, and that's going to be a very substantial opportunity for us. There's some additional states that are moving, albeit at a relatively slow pace that might prove to be opportunities for us. We obviously don't do every possible -- every potential jurisdiction. We're very selective. And then there are certain international jurisdictions like Thailand, for example, that are also in the process of considering gaming. So we're always balancing really two things. Our ability to do what we do so well, remember, we're one of the last in the industry that maintains its own design and development group. And so it's not as though you can bang for these out in any particular year. So that's always a consideration. And then the other is capital, as you rightly pointed out. So we're always looking at what is the highest and best use of capital that we can deploy, and then we're making decisions accordingly. We will certainly make use of that land across the street in Las Vegas. It's not a question of if, it's a question of when, and we'll see how things play out in New York and things play out in a couple of other jurisdictions in determining the timing of the use of that land.
Daniel Politzer: Got it. And then just for my follow-up, right, Macau is certainly continuing along a nice trajectory here. You outlined some CapEx as you think about it related to the concession renewals. But how do you balance that with maybe the subsidiary paying up dividends to the parent. Is that something that we could see within the next 12 to 18 months? Or is that something longer term that you'd like to envision coming back?
Craig Billings: Yes. It really depends, you're right. There's a lot of moving parts there, right? We have a debt maturity later this year there. We need to think about our leverage profile in Macau. And what that longer-term leverage profile should be. We have some capital that we need to put in the ground there. We had nearly three years of closure and cash burn. So the question is, what do we want the balance sheet to be? How will the CapEx plans come together in terms of the timing of capital deployment, which we're studying and learning more about as we go through the design and development process every day. And then, of course, the dividend. And as you know, the dividend just as a global statement, dividends are the cornerstone of our capital return strategy. So stay tuned. We are looking very closely at it, and we'll figure it out in due course.
Daniel Politzer: Got it. Thanks and congrats on the quarter.
Julie Cameron-Doe: Thank you.
Craig Billings: Thank you.
Operator: Our next caller is Robin Farley with UBS.
Robin Farley: Great. Thanks. I wanted to ask about Vegas. It sounds like clearly very strong events calendar and outlook for February. Your January comments sounded like it was maybe a little bit flattish year-over-year. I'm just wondering how much is looking on kind of a year-over-year basis when you get past some of these big events in Feb? Thanks.
Craig Billings: Sure, Robin. Yes, January, well, keep in mind, last year, Chinese New Year started in January. And so this year, it starts in February. So as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, February really sets the tone for the quarter, and it's where all the action is this year in Q1. March has a couple of headwinds. Easter timing is one of them and then the absence of CON/AGG is another. But our forward booking indicators continue to look strong, and we feel good about it. I've said probably five times on the last three or four calls that trees don't grow to the sky, and I would continue to tell you how things are looking in Vegas, and they continue to look good. They continue to look good for us. So how the quarter plays out will be very dependent on February. And again all forward indicators look strong for February. But subsequent to that, we'll take it from there.
Robin Farley: Okay, great. Thank you very much.
Craig Billings: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next caller is Brandt Montour with Barclays. You may go ahead, sir.
Brandt Montour: Thanks. Good evening, everybody, and congrats on the results. In Macau and Palace, I guess, specifically, but these are -- it's a broader question. Can you comment on just the broader competitive environment for premium mass players, how it's evolved sort of into the early part of this year, which with volumes being strong, infrastructure, travel infrastructure going back, how has that changed? And is that a tailwind for you as we go forward here and as volumes continue to grow?
Craig Billings: Sure. Specifically as it relates to Wynn Palace. Wynn Palace is incredibly well positioned and has been since the day it opens Encore time. But it only grows more so as we continue to evolve the amenities in Wynn Palace. Competition for premium mass customers has been fierce for ever end of day. So it's really nothing new. What we try to do is really focus on what we do well, stay true to who we are and be really, really disciplined, including on reinvestment because at the end of the day, I don't think the bank takes market share. I think they take cash. And so we're really focused on generating cash and EBITDA. So I think Palace turned in a great quarter, its future is bright, and we will continue to aggressively chase market share responsibly.
Brandt Montour: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Stephen Grambling with Morgan Stanley. You may go ahead, sir.
Stephen Grambling: Hey, thank you. I may have missed this, but I guess how are you thinking about looking currently at the Super Bowl, how that might compare to Formula 1? Is there any way to kind of back out how you think about the contribution from Formula 1 in the quarter and how that might grow next year?
Craig Billings: Yes, it's a really good question. The Super Bowl is distinctly more corporate in terms of visitation. And so I think that's an important point to keep in mind. So we have -- I alluded to it actually explicitly stated in my prepared remarks, we have very strong front money and credit for Super Bowl about double what we had last year. And that will be a very important segment of our business over the course of the next week and I expect it will generate very strong results. We also have a lot of folks in house who will never go near a gaming table because there's a lot of corporate visitation around this particular event. So the real answer to your question is, we don't know. We're going to see. But if we had to spitball it now, what I would say is that it's not going to be as impactful in the casino, and it will be equally, if not more impactful when it comes to hotel revenue. Fair assessment, Brian?
Brian Gullbrants: Yeah, both hotel revenues and rates are very similar to Formula 1. The weekend Super Bowl event is another great match, I think, for our brand. And as you said, we're going to have double the credit and track money we had previously. So I think we're in for a great weekend here.
Stephen Grambling: Great. Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next caller is John DeCree with CBRE.
John DeCree: Hi, everyone. Thanks for taking my question. Maybe two follow-ups. One is on F1, and we've had some conversations. This was the first year, obviously, quite successful for you. Curious how you think about next year and going forward? Is there opportunities to calibrate event and see growth and build upon this? Or do you have a view that the first one in Vegas might be the best. We've had some different folks, different opinions about that, whether next year is a tough comp or an opportunity perhaps to just continue to grow that event for you and for the city?
Craig Billings: Yeah. Great question. I guess I'll answer that as a Las Vegan and someone who cares about the broader market and wanting to see everybody in the market participate and do really well. There's clearly, I mean, look, the first time you do anything of this scale, you're going to have learnings. And it's just natural. And so I do think that there's a lot that can be done to make the event more relevant for the town more broadly. And I think that F1 understands that. And I think, frankly, the operators in town understand that. Even those like us who disproportionately benefited. So I think the event is only going to get better and better. I think what this year approved is that the core contingent of people that travel to go to an F1 race is our customer. And so you better believe that we will program the heck out of this place yet again, just like we did this F1, this last F1 this coming year, and we will do our best to attract the best customers in the market. And hopefully, again, there will be more opportunities for some of the other tiers of properties in the market to participate in the event this year as they continue to evolve and change the event.
John DeCree: Thanks, Craig. That's helpful. Maybe one more top down on the other side of the world in Macau. We still hear from investors skittish about some of the uncertainty around the macroeconomic picture in China yet. We continue to see monthly numbers out of Macau and your performance things just continue to recover and grow. Curious if you want to take a stab or someone of the team to kind of weigh in on how Macau's kind of fundamental recovery has been decoupled from that? What you're kind of seeing that it gives some confidence that the recovery trend continues. And if you have any top-down high level comments? It would be helpful.
Craig Billings: Yes, I'll leave the detailed China macro analysis to people who do that for a living. But there's certainly a lot of crosscurrents to consider. You have tremendous pent-up demand still from several years of mirror closure. You have the ease of proximity to Macau, which actually benefits Macau when the economic situation perhaps isn't as robust as it could be. And you have some modest stimulus efforts that we've seen. But you also, as you rightly pointed out, clearly, have a litany of difficult economic indicators. Yet Macau continues to tread along. So to us, it's really the long-term viability of Macau. We're thinking in kind of 5, 10-year increments. So it's really the long-term viability of Macau that's most relevant. And we're clearly already at levels that allow us the financial and operating flexibility to plan for that longer-term time horizon. So I think it's well observed, maybe not well understood, but well observed that Macau's trajectory does seem to be decoupled from the broader China macro. I think you saw that in 2009 as well. And I think that bodes well for the future. Does it bode well for next quarter? I don't know. Does it bode well for the quarter after that? I don't know. But it certainly bodes well for the future, and that's what we're thinking about.
John DeCree: Thanks for the -- that long term outlook is great perspective. I really appreciate it. Congratulations on the quarter.
Craig Billings: Thank you.
Julie Cameron-Doe: Thank you, John. And operator, the next call will be -- the next question will be our last.
Operator: Thank you. And our final question comes from Chad Beynon with Macquarie. You may go ahead, sir.
Chad Beynon: Afternoon. Nice result. Thanks for taking my question. Just to kind of pile in on that Macau question. Wondering if you could elaborate a little bit in terms of the health of the shopping retail market. That's something that we've heard from the luxury operators continues to be strong in specific markets. Wondering how you're seeing that right now. And then as some of the catchment areas recover in terms of visitation, if that could be an additional tailwind in the future? Thanks.
Craig Billings: Sure. I guess what I would say is if you look at the trajectory over the course of 2023, retail sales have been and were incredibly strong in Macau up over 2019. You saw -- you can see -- you can look at our numbers, Q3 to Q4, you can see that they were up very, very modestly, I think, about 10 basis points. And so certainly, if anything from China macro is affecting Macau is probably there. But again, given the relative strength compared to pre-COVID, I think it's difficult for us to complain. I think what appears to us to be occurring is, to a certain extent, Macau has become a substitute for Hong Kong from a retail sales perspective. And certainly, based on the changing type of visitation that you see, particularly on Cotai, I think you can support that premise. And so I think it's -- again, if you look at the long term, I think it's very bright for Macau from that perspective. And I think to the extent that someone goes to Macau with a retail-based motivation and the gaming-based motivation or eventually a retail-based motivation and entertainment-based motivation. That's fine. That's great. I mean that's a natural evolution of Macau. But you can see the quarter-over-quarter changes in our numbers.
Chad Beynon: Perfect. Thank you. And then in terms of the interactive business, is there any update to speak about or could there be an opportunity to monetize or partner this in a shareholder-friendly way?
Julie Cameron-Doe: I'll take that one. Thanks, Chad. Yes, so we announced in August that we were exiting the jurisdictions we operate in, and we were leaving New York and Michigan under review. So we're continuing to -- that strategic review of those two states, and we'll stay tuned. We'll have more information on that in the near future. Everywhere else is pretty much wrapped up now. We've just -- we're working on closing down Massachusetts online as well. And wherever we're able to and where we can interact with anybody else, obviously, with player databases and so on, we'll make sure that we do the best for our shareholders and monetize the assets that we have in a way that works well with what's allowed and what's available out there in the market.
Chad Beynon: Great. Thank you very much. I appreciate it.
Craig Billings: Thank you.
Julie Cameron-Doe: Thank you. With that, we'll close the call. Thank you for your interest and we look forward to talking to you again next quarter.
Operator: Thank you for participating on today's conference call. You may now go ahead and disconnect.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-11-09 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Wynn Resorts Third Quarter 2023 Earnings Call. All participants are in a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer session of today's conference. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded. If you have any objections you may disconnect at this time. I will now turn the line over to Julie Cameron-Doe, Chief Financial Officer. Please go ahead.
Julie Cameron-Doe: Thank you, operator, and good afternoon, everyone. On the call with me today are Craig Billings, Brian Gullbrants and Steve Weitman in Las Vegas. Also on the line are Linda Chen, Frederic Luvisutto and Jenny Holaday. I want to remind you that we may make forward-looking statements under safe harbor federal securities laws, and those segments may or may not come true. I will now turn the call over to Craig Billings.
Craig Billings: Thanks, Julie. Afternoon, everyone, and as always, thank you for joining us today. I'll start here in Vegas. Wynn Las Vegas delivered $220 million of adjusted property EBITDA, up 12% on an incredibly difficult year-over-year comp. Yes, it was aided by high hold, but it was also despite the fact that we accrued during the quarter for the estimated increases associated with the new agreement with The Culinary Union. I got to tell you activity at the property was frenetic during the quarter with hotel occupancy, restaurant covers, casino visitation, table drop and slot handle all up over what was a very strong third quarter of 2022. As a result of all that activity, we produced third quarter records in gross gaming revenue, food and beverage revenue, and hotel revenue with 10% year-over-year growth in RevPAR. We continue to be at the top of our game here in Las Vegas and I'm incredibly proud of the team who continue to deliver to our exacting standards, even in the midst of significant customer volumes. Our top line trends remained strong through October with healthy GGR and strong year-over-year RevPAR growth during the month. Looking ahead, we have a strong pipeline of forward group demand, very healthy gaming market share, and a robust programing calendar with F1 and Super Bowl just ahead of us. And while it's certainly is an increasingly complex world out there between inflation, rates, geopolitics, things continue to feel pretty good around here. Turning to Boston Encore generated $60 million of EBITDAR during the quarter. Business the property was largely stable year-on year, with revenue and EBITDA down about 1%. So there were some meaningful pockets of strength, including all-time property records for slot handle and hotel revenue. More recently, we were encouraged by the acceleration in the business we experienced during October with month-over month growth in slot handle and table drop and strong RevPAR growth year-over-year. We will continue to closely monitor the ongoing Sumner Tunnel construction, which is expected to continue in fits and starts over the next 12 months along with the general macroeconomic uncertainty that seems to have been impacting some of the regional gaming operators. On the development across the street from Encore Boston Harbor, we have been asked by a state environmental agency to provide yet another round of analysis and documentation delaying our construction by approximately three months. We will continue to update you on this project, which will add meaningful amenities and EBITDA to Encore Boston Harbor. Turning to Macau, we generated $255 million of EBITDA in the quarter, which was 85% of our pre-COVID levels. Hold was mixed in the quarter, as we held high in our VIP business, which was more than offset by low hold-on the mass table side. With mass now comprising the vast majority of our business, we are going to start normalizing for both VIP and Mass. To that end, we estimate fully normalized EBITDA in the quarter was $266 million or 87% of third-quarter of 2019 levels. Encouragingly, mass hold returned to the expected range at both properties in October. During the quarter, we saw broad-based strength across our properties with several key areas of the business trending well-above 2019 levels. In the casino mass table drop increased 19% versus Q3 2019 and direct VIP turnover was 13% above Q3 2019. On the non-gaming side, our retail business continues to be incredibly strong with tenant retail sales up 24% on Q3 2019, and hotel revenue up 20% relative to the third quarter of 2019. Quality of our product and service, our relaunched Wynn Rewards Loyalty program and our very robust non-gaming events calendar all helped drive GGR market-share in the quarter that was consistent with second quarter and in line with our share as we exited 2019. The strength in our business has continued in Q4 with mass drop-in October 24% above October 2019, 98% hotel occupancy, and healthy tenant retail sales. On the development front in Macau, we expect our first concession related capital project, a collaboration with the team behind Las Vegas based Illuminarium on a mesmerizing, multimedia exhibit space to open before the end-of-the year. We're also deep into design and planning for our other concession related CapEx commitments including our destination food hall, the new event and entertainment center and a unique spectacle show. Lastly, construction continues on Wynn Al Marjan Island. Our planned integrated resort in the UAE. Much of the hotel tower foundation is complete, with nearly all of the piles supporting the 1,500 room tower in the ground. On the back of several recent regulatory developments in the UAE, I've noticed increased chatter about the opportunities there. So. I want to take a moment and give you our perspective. We believe it's highly unlikely that every Emirate will ultimately avail themselves of the right to host an integrated resort. There's a whole bunch of reasons for this, ranging from cultural nuances to population density to varying degrees of need for the additional visitation. Our view is that it will likely be us and us alone for a multi-year period given that we are well underway on construction now. And of course, we all know the advantages of being first as we have seen in other markets. After that, it may be a duopoly or an oligopoly of three. But I find either ultimate market structure undaunting given the database advantages of being first and the fact that we've very successfully operate in the two most competitive markets in the world. Vegas and Macau. As I've said before, this is the most exciting new market opening in decades. With that, I'll now turn it over to Julie to run through some additional details on the quarter.
Julie Cameron-Doe: Thank you, Craig. At Wynn Las Vegas, we generated $219.7 million in adjusted property EBITDA and $619 million of operating revenue during the quarter, delivering an EBITDA margin of 35.5%. Higher than normal hold benefited EBITDA by around $12 million in Q3 and hold normalized adjusted property EBITDA was up slightly year-over-year. The strength in the quarter was broad-based across the business. Hotel revenue increased 10% year-over-year, to $178.5 million, a new third quarter record on the back of a 9% increase in ADR and 120 basis point increase in occupancy. Our other non-gaming businesses was strong across food and beverage, entertainment, and retail all-up nicely year-on year. In the casino, GGR increased around 22% year-over-year, driven by a 7.6% year-over-year increase, in slot handle a 6.5% increase in table drop, along with higher table games hold. OpEx excluding gaming tax per day was $4.1 million in Q3 2023, up 14% year-over-year due to variable costs associated with revenue increases, roughly $10 million of non-recurring items and certain structural changes, including an accrual for the anticipated increases associated with the new union contract, our annual cost of living adjustments for non-Union employees and the launch of our production show. Turning to Boston. We generated adjusted property EBITDA of $60.5 million on revenue of $210.4 million both down around 1% year-on year. EBITDA margin was 28.8%, broadly in line with Q3 2022. As Craig noted business was largely stable year-on year. In the casino, we generated $182.6 million of GGR down 1% year-on year as record slot handle was offset by lower table games volume. Our non-gaming revenue was flat year-over-year at $54.4 million with record hotel revenue offset by lower food and beverage revenues. As noted on our prior call, and as Craig mentioned earlier, business volumes at the property were impacted by the Sumner Tunnel Restoration Project, which is expected to continue intermittently over the next 12 months or so. While the tunnel construction is out of our control, we have stayed very disciplined on the cost side with OpEx excluding gaming tax of approximately $1.13 million per day in Q3 2023, down 0.5% year-over-year and down around 2% sequentially. The team has done a great job mitigating union related payroll increases with cost efficiencies in areas of the business that do not impact the guest experience. Our Macau operations delivered adjusted property EBITDA of $255 million in the quarter on $819.8 million of operating revenue. We estimate lower-than-normal hold negatively impacted EBITDA by around $11 million during the quarter with higher-than-normal hold at Wynn Palace, more than offset by lower-than-normal hold at Wynn Macau. We felt particular strength in mass casino drop, direct VIP turnover luxury retail sales and hotel revenue all above Q3 2019 levels. EBITDAR margin was 31.1% in the quarter, an increase of 300 basis points relative to Q3 2019 with Wynn Palace margin reaching 33.7%, while 660 basis points above Q3 2019 levels. Our concession-related non-gaming programing have accelerated over the past few months with the FIBA 3x3 basketball tournament, the Da Vinci Immersive art exhibition, the Hypercar exhibition, some DJ events, and several other well-received concerts and culinary events. EBITDA margin strength was driven by a combination of the favorable -- with favorable mix-shift to higher-margin mass gaming and operating leverage on cost efficiencies. Our OpEx excluding gaming tax was approximately $2.4 million per day in Q3, a decrease of 20% compared to $3 million in Q3 2019. The team has done a great job remaining disciplined on costs and we are well positioned to continue to drive strong operating leverage as the business recovers over-time. In terms of CapEx, we're currently advancing through the design and planning stages on our concession commitments. And as we noted the past few quarters, these projects require a number of government approvals, creating a wide range of potential CapEx in the very near term. As such, we expect CapEx-related to our concession commitments to range between $300 million and $400 million in total between Q4 2023 and the end of 2024. Turning to Wynn Interactive, you will recall we announced in August that we decided to rationalize the business to primarily focus on Massachusetts and Nevada, where we have a physical presence. As a result, our EBITDA burn rate decreased substantially, both sequentially and year-over-year to $4.9 million in Q3 2023. Moving on to the balance sheet, our liquidity position remains very strong with global cash and revolver availability of approximately $4.3 billion as of September 30th. This was comprised of $1.8 billion of total cash and available liquidity in Macau and $2.5 billion in the U.S. Importantly, the combination of strong performance in each of our markets globally with our properties run rating over $2.1 billion of annualized property EBITDA together with our robust cash and liquidity, creates a very healthy leverage and free cash flow profile for the company globally. To that end, we repurchased $400 million of our 2025 Wynn Las Vegas senior notes at a discount to par during the quarter. Further, the board approved a cash dividend of $0.25 per share payable on November 30 to stockholders of record as of November 20, 2023. We also repurchased approximately 597,000 shares for $56.2 million during the quarter, highlighting our commitment to prudently returning capital to shareholders. Finally, our CapEx in the quarter with $114 million, primarily related to the spa villa renovations and food and beverage enhancements at Wynn Las Vegas, concession related CapEx in Macau, and normal-course maintenance across the business. With that we will now open up the call to Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Carlo Santarelli with Deutsche Bank. You may go ahead.
Carlo Santarelli: Hi, Craig. Julie, everyone. Thank you for taking my question. Craig, the market in the 3Q. Was that about annualized about $24.5 billion, which is about 8% kind of below the midpoint of that range you spoke to earlier in the year, I believe what was on the first quarter call. It looks like just annualizing 3Q results and not adjusting for hold you're about halfway there at the Macau property and basically there at 2019 levels give or take a couple of million bucks at the at the Cotai property. Based on what you've seen over the last kind of six months since that call, the way the markets evolve from several perspectives. Does that kind of benchmark for market GGR still hold true with kind of how you're thinking about getting back to those 2019 levels in totality.
Craig Billings: Thanks, Carlo. Yes, Your observation on Wynn Palace is right. I mentioned earlier in the year. You're right, it was with the Q1 call that Wynn Palace would get back to 2019 levels. First. And if you as you said, if you annualize what we did in 3Q, it's in that in that same zone. I think Wynn Palace did normalized in 2019, something like $675 million. So when it comes to Wynn Palace, we can check the box. We've done it. In October, when the market was run rating over $28 billion, obviously, we had Golden Week, Wynn Palace normalized EBITDA per day exceeded October 2019 as you would expect. Wynn Macau, which had healthy results but lower market share in October versus 2019 for many other reasons that we've talked about on previous calls, did not exceed its October 2019 EBITDA. So it's lagging our prediction a tad. And we need to see market share stability and growth at Wynn Macau to get back to 2019 levels. The last point I would make is that our concession related non-gaming programing has picked-up. Honestly, quite a bit faster than I had anticipated earlier in the year. As Julie talked about in her prepared remarks, we've been doing some pretty amazing programing and it's generated a bit of extra OpEx that is in fact a slight headwind. Of course, in these early days we're figuring out what programing is EBITDA-positive, what's not, et cetera and we'll drop that program and that ultimately isn't. But that extra OpEx probably pushes the full EBITDA recovery at Wynn Macau back a bit, but speaks to the strength of Wynn Palace because even with that incremental OpEx, we've hit that target that talked about. At the end-of-the day, I guess, what I look at is, we've proven that we can hold share without junkets, that we have structurally better margins. And then, our business is pretty well-positioned for growth in Macau as the market continues to come back. So I feel pretty good about where we are.
Carlo Santarelli: Great, that's helpful. And then if I could, just one follow-up. Obviously, a lot has been made in recent earnings around reinvestment within the Macau gaming arena. It's always hard to tell when looking at kind of the public filings and releases and whatnot, it doesn't look like there was anything sizable in this quarter in terms of reinvestment, the direction of reinvestment one-way or another. Could you comment a little bit about kind of how you guys see that data relative to 2019, maybe how you see it now and how you see a trending.
Craig Billings: Yes. I think your analysis, what you just said is correct. I mean, reinvestment in that market can bounce around for us anyway. I can't really speak to the rest of the market, but it can bounce around 50 basis points, 60 basis points, 70 basis points in any given point in time, but I haven't seen anything that is irrational or substantive.
Carlo Santarelli: Great, thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. And our next caller is Joe Greff with JPMorgan.
Joe Greff: Good afternoon, guys. Just going back to your earlier comments. Craig, on October in Macau, the two properties in the aggregate. How close are they at October 2019 EBITDA levels in the aggregate. Obviously, Wynn Palace ahead Wynn Macau as you mentioned it.
Craig Billings: Yes I would say that they are lagging slightly behind our view. Nothing -- our earlier view again view. Again, nothing, you know, nothing tragic. But the strength at Wynn Palace inclusive of the programing costs that I mentioned and the impact of that. And the work we still have to do at Wynn Macau, you know, those are the dynamics of the two properties now. And I would say that it was slightly below but again we're within line-of-sight at this point and I just not all that worried about it.
Joe Greff: Great. And then my follow-up question relates to Wynn Al Marjan, Craig what are the next steps and the timing for the next steps there, including the issuance of a license.
Craig Billings: Sure. The regulations are in draft form the regulations, we expect the regulations will be passed. And then what we expect that the licensing process is a two-step process. The issuance of a provisional license. And then a final license, and I would expect that that would happen soon. So it's go, it's happening. The process is moving along. You've seen that they've appointed leadership for the regulatory body there. And I think, by the way, I think that's really good for the market because it lends a lot of certainty eliminates a lot of questions that we used to get, and it creates a lot of certainty for financing sources, which allows us to move forward with the construction financing relatively quickly.
Joe Greff: Thank you.
Craig Billings: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. And our next caller is Shaun Kelley with Bank of America.
Shaun Kelley: Hi, good afternoon, everyone. I was hoping you could comment a little bit about the just the high-end play in Las Vegas. It seems like we definitely starting to see material rebound there and kind of can you just talk a little bit about behavior that you're seeing maybe a level of recovery. And just kind of some of the dynamics there would be helpful.
Craig Billings: Sure, I'll start and then I'll see if Brian has anything to add. I mean, that's really kind of our business. So I can't say that that we've seen anything materially different this quarter than we've seen in the past few quarters. The numbers, I mean you can look at the revenue numbers, the revenue numbers are incredibly strong. And so. we're pretty proud of what we've been able to deliver over the course of the past year. High-end international play remains a little bit of a mixed bag as it has over the course of really since the reopening from COVID. But I feel great about where our database is. We always skew towards the high-end. Brian, would you add anything to that.
Brian Gullbrants: Yes, our team is continuing to do a great job. I think we're still continuing to steal share. We continue to expand the hosting team and everything is real positive as we look-forward.
Shaun Kelley: Just as a quick follow-up. Any OpEx still and I think this was maybe in Julie's remarks. I heard something about maybe a $10 million impact in Las Vegas. I was wondering if I caught that correctly, if you could elaborate a little bit on what they may have been.
Julie Cameron-Doe: Sure, yes. I mean, I mentioned that there were a number of factors impacting OpEx, which did increase to $4.1 million in the quarter. There were a number of one-off items added up to about $10 million in the quarter that we wanted to call-out that will be non-recurring. But in addition to that, of course, as Craig mentioned, and I added to, we did accrue for the anticipated union outcome. We also, you know, we took in Akola increased cost of living allowance increase for our non-Union employees effective 1st of July. We had the, you know, the launch of a awakening the relaunch of awakening in the program, which we're just starting to ramp in the quarter as well. And so, you know, the combination of those factors will drove up the operating expense. And yes, I can confirm, it was a $10 million onetime non-recurring item.
Craig Billings: And it was a mixed bag of stuff, Shaun.
Shaun Kelley: Perfect, thank you so much.
Craig Billings: You got it.
Operator: Thank you. Our next caller is Dan Politzer with Wells Fargo. You may go ahead sir.
Dan Politzer: Hi, good afternoon, everyone. Thanks for taking my questions. First one, just wanted to touch on the promotional environment in Macau, some of your competitors have made comment that they are being more aggressive. So I just wanted to check, check with you there, and I know, you know, the contra-revenue has picked-up a little bit in the quarter. I think that's mostly in Wynn Macau, but just anything to kind of call-out there in terms of the environment at your properties.
Craig Billings: No. A colleague of yours has had a similar question just a couple of minutes ago. Nothing to call-out on the reinvestment side, as I said. To him, you know, Our reinvestment can bounce around 50 basis points, 60 basis points, 70 basis points at any given point in time from time-to-time, but nothing that looks -- we don't see anything that looks irrational or of course concrete trend. In terms of the mix of what is contra-revenue versus running through OpEx, you may recall that we relaunched our loyalty program earlier this year. The structure of that program allows for a lot more flexibility for the customer in terms of what it is they are choosing to be rewarded with and that can cause shifts in movements of a $1 of reinvestment between contra revenue or between OpEx but it's the same dollar. So it's really not any indication of an increase in reinvestment per se. It's really just geography, on the income statement.
Dan Politzer: Okay, so just some accounting nuance, okay. And then just moving to Las Vegas, you know, obviously, F1 is right around the corner. It seems like this is an event that skews more to the high-end. And that's right in your wheelhouse. Is there any way to think about, you know, the EBITDA uplift given some of your competitors have thrown out this kind of mid-single-digit type EBITDA lift.
Craig Billings: Yes, we won't. Well, I'll tell you this. I've heard on a couple of our competitors calls commentary around expectations coming down within the market. I will tell you that our expectations for F1 haven't changed one bit, because as you rightly pointed out, we knew that it was our customer-base that would be at that event from the beginning. We have more front money and credit lined-up for this event than any event in the history of Wynn Las Vegas. And we've had some doozy before. So this is shaping up to be a great event for us. We're incredibly excited, we're not talking about EBITDA uplift. But it's going to be good. Brian, what would add?
Brian Gullbrants: Sure, I'd say F1 is really come in nicely right now for all areas of our business. We should exceed actually our all-time hotel revenue as well. Our hotel revenue record by about 50% for the three day period. And as Craig mentioned, the gaming revenue and credits, looking quite promising. Some of the best we've ever seen. So I think, we're looking-forward to an exciting and exceptional race week here at Wynn.
Craig Billings: We barely even put any rooms on public sale. I mean, we had -- we've had robust demand.
Dan Politzer: Understood. Thanks so much.
Craig Billings: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. And our next caller is Brandt Montour with Barclays. You may go ahead sir.
Brandt Montour: Good evening, everybody. Thanks for taking my question. So back to Macau, and we talked about this on prior calls, Craig, about the Peninsula. There was some disruption earlier in the year that I think tailed off into the early part of this quarter. But maybe you could just remind us the game plan of how you're going to get more recovery at that property. Any update there would be helpful.
Craig Billings: Yes, sure, you're right. Disruption did tail-off at the in the early portion of this quarter. There were some trailing works, including some work that was done in some of the high-end salon areas that took a little bit longer, but in the main, your statement is correct. And now, it's really the hand-to-hand combat of gaining market-share. I mean, we've done this -- we've done this before, you know, Wynn Palace opened, we were not nearly as experienced to some of our competitors in mass marketing. We got experienced very fast. And you can see obviously the results of that at Palace. And so it's really kind of every lever that you have to pull. Right. It comes down to the hosting team, it comes down to food and beverage, it comes down to some entities that you're offering. It's everything. And so, I can't tell you that there is one silver bullet. It really doing at 1 basis point at a time and that's where we're focused now.
Brandt Montour: That's super helpful. And then another question. Macau, the OpEx consideration from the concession commitments, it's probably too early to quantify what that is for next year. But maybe you could give us a little bit of flavor for, if it's going to be how the mix will sort of skew between Peninsula and Cotai and sort of how it might and how it might the cadence might step-up throughout the year?
Julie Cameron-Doe: Sure maybe I'll start with maybe Craig can add if I miss anything. I'll just talk sort of more broadly for our whole Macau business. Sequentially, youll have seen that the OIBDA margin decreased around 90 basis points. About half of that was due to lower hold. But there was an additional $6 million of OpEx sequentially due to bad debt swing, because we could have a credit in Q2. You know, and then as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, I think I gave you a pretty detailed list of all the non-gaming programing that we've really accelerated and started doing in the last few months with the FIBA tournament, that Davinci exhibition, the Hypercar exhibition, some DJ events and concerts and culinary events. So when you adjust for that noise, the margin improvement thing is clearly operating leverage because we held share and we were prudent with OpEx. So you know, if we think about going-forward, we're expecting margin at Palace to generally stay-in the current range, and margin at Wynn Macau to improve as business volumes come back. So there will be quarter-to-quarter variations in our events calendar as we continue to rollout programming associated with our concession commitments.
Craig Billings: And it's too, it's really too early to say. Honestly, I didn't, when I think about everything we've done this year, and the list is extensive. I actually didn't expect it to pick-up this quickly. The team has gotten incredibly creative and incredibly resourceful in terms of what they've done. And keep in mind. We do not yet have certain tools that our competitors have like an arena or an event center. Now that's part of our plan. From a CapEx perspective. And part of our CapEx, concession commitments. And so we'll catch-up in due course. But it's really too early to say what the seasonal cadence will be because some can be done only outside of typhoon season, others can be done, year round. And it's also a little too early to say what the split will be between properties. I don't think it changes the investment thesis much. I mean you're talking about a few million dollars here and there, but it's important in terms of fulfilling our concession commitments. And honestly, it's important. If you do it right. It's important in terms of building a brand into that region, similar to what we've done in Vegas, frankly with all the program that we've done here, it's important for building your brands. And for casino marketing.
Brandt Montour: Helpful comments. Thanks all.
Craig Billings: Sure.
Julie Cameron-Doe: Thanks all.
Craig Billings: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. And our next caller is Robin Farley with UBS.
Robin Farley: Great, thanks. Two questions, one is and I don't know if this may not be a key in your view to the Peninsula property recovering. But I'm curious if you have a view on the kind of the grind mass visitor coming back to Macau or, you know, what it will take for that customer to recover to 2019 levels, if you see it as a transportation bottleneck issue or kind of macro factors in Mainland China or. I guess, just would love to get your take on that.
Craig Billings: Sure, Robin. I think it's a little bit all-of-the-above. You're correct in that downtown is much more skewed towards transient customers. Towards a more base mass to use the term customer. And we benefit when visitation -- we benefit there disproportionately visitation to Macau is high. And so as visitation to the market returns, which inevitably, I believe it will, we will benefit from that. Of course, we don't want to -- and that's due to any number of factors, many of which you've described. Of course, we don't want to wait for that. Right. So in the meantime, we need to be very-very focused on market share and driving operating leverage by gaining market share. But no doubt as that transient customer comes back, downtown We'll benefit disproportionately to Palace, which is already doing extremely well.
Robin Farley: Thank you. And then just the other question is, just wondering why you're adjusting for hold in the mass business in Macau, you haven't done it historically other operators like it's typically sort of not done. So just why the change in thought and why that would be something to start adjusting for. Thanks.
Craig Billings: Sure, others not doing it has never been a reason for us to consider. We have no problem being the first ore being a little bit of an outlier. It's really because of the mix of our business now. I mean, we are disproportionately mass now. So what we're trying to do is give a clearer view of how the assets are performing by providing a normalized number. Frankly, the same way we do in Vegas.
Robin Farley: Okay, great, thank you.
Craig Billings: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next caller is Stephen Grambling with Morgan Stanley. You may go-ahead.
Stephen Grambling: Thanks. So you referenced accruing for the union contract in Vegas in the quarter. And I'm sure, you still have an impact in the fourth-quarter. But as we look-forward to 2024, how are you thinking about the major puts and takes to margins and whether you can hold margins and data similar to what you were just kind of outlining in Macau. Obviously, different considerations here.
Craig Billings: Sure. Well, first, it is important note before I get to the crux of your question. Normalized margin historically comprises from Q2 to Q3. You can go back and see that and it's really due to the customer mix during the summer months. To your primary question. as we've said before, we really view margin as an outcome of aggressively driving revenues and diligently managing costs and outcome, not a target. So we don't forecast margin per se. On the revenue side. I think our results in Q3, speak for themselves and we will continue to make sure that we have the best offering in Vegas. On the cost side. Julie mentioned a whole bunch of factors affecting Q3 in her prepared remarks. And with respect to the labor cost increases that you referenced, we are of course looking at ways to offset some of them. And as I've said before, because of COVID, we have a playbook for every scenario out there and we know-how to run the business as efficiently as possible at any given revenue. But as always, we will focus on our service levels in our brand. And so if demand continues to be as strong as it is right now will we trim solely to claw-back. I don't have a point of margin. For example, yet damage the brand now, but if the demand picture or a pricing power changes. We will of course manage OpEx accordingly in a manner that is best for the long-ter.
Stephen Grambling: Fair enough. And then one follow-up on the top line. How should we think about Super Bowl versus Formula 1 for you, do you generally think that this will be a different customer base. The same customer base. I guess what are you seeing as you get closer to Formula 1 and start to see bookings, I imagine for capable at least interest.
Craig Billings: I guess it at a headline level, and then I'll turn it over to Brian. Think about it as international individuals and domestic group, but Brian, would you add anything to that.
Brian Gullbrants: No, I agree with you, Craig. I think on the casino side, we're going to see a very similar overlap. But on the transient side, we're going to see heavy domestic. We're really looking-forward to it. And already getting quite a bit of interest with one heck of a waiting list on the corporate side. I think we'll even do stronger. There's a tremendous amount of demand on the corporate group side for hospitality entertaining at the highest-level and our specialty here at Wynn, so I think, it'll pair very well for Super Bowl. So we're looking-forward to two successful weekends.
Robin Farley: Thank you. I'll jump back-in the queue.
Craig Billings: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next caller is David Katz with Jefferies.
David Katz: Afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. I'd love just a little more color on how we think about margins going-forward. I admit, it's one of the, you know, aspects of the model where we've spent more time and thought and trying to get those particularly in Macau. What a normalized margin could be and what the puts and takes are around that. Obviously, not asking for specific guidance number. Just some qualitative commentary. Thanks.
Craig Billings: Sure. Julie, do you want to cover again you're thinking on...
Julie Cameron-Doe: Yes. I think, David I think I run through it. And clearly, you heard the point about sequentially, we had to move-in margin was really, you know, a bunch of timing with the credit from OpEx, you know, we hold in the credit from OpEx in versus Q2. There, If you think about the way we look at it, we manage our OpEx really tightly and we, you know, we're thinking really carefully about our concession commitments and how we can program really effectively to use them, really as a marketing effort to drive that kind of brand recognition and attract customers in. You know, we've done a lot of that and that has impacted building OpEx per day-in the quarter. In the early days, I think some of those will work and some of them won't, and we're going to get a better sense of that and we'll be, you know, it's not sure about the kinds of things that we'll do. But, you know, coming back to what I said, we're expecting, you know, the margin for Wynn Palace to generally stay where it's at. And for Wynn Macau to improve with operating leverage, you know, as business volumes return. We -- the coast of coast there'll be some small movement, but we wouldn't expect it to be significant from the events calendar in Macau.
Craig Billings: But importantly both properties are structurally higher than they were in 2019. So, you know, we're doing great from a margin perspective. If we can yield and I do believe we can if we can yield Wynn Macau and Wynn Palace rather rooms. Appropriately, because as you know, it's not about occupancy, it's about who is in the room. Then we could see some incremental margin expansion there, but. I wouldn't underwrite it yet. I think Wynn Macau's Wynn Palace as margin is great as it is and I would hold at that level and Wynn Macau, it's a question of operating leverage coming from volumes.
David Katz: Right. And so, if I may just following that up, as you continue to add in, you know, more non-gaming elements. Should we think about that as somewhat of a headwind to sort of finding that comfortable margin. Or, you know, are those just really vehicles for maintaining where you're going to wind-up, you know, from gaming anyway.
Craig Billings: Yes, I would break that into two pieces. I would say that as we bring material CapEx online like an event center or a spectacle show, those businesses will have a margin profile in and off themselves, and they will be additive to our gaming business and ultimately drive gaming customer visitation, which will be accretive to margin. But it's way too early to even talk about that even at a qualitative level, given where we are in the CapEx cycle. With respect to programing, which is what we're doing now, which is essentially more OpEx driven with the facilities that we have today. If you were able to do that without having a material impact on margin, and you saw that in Q3, where we did a reasonable amount of programing at Wynn Palace, actually. And we were still able to deliver the margin that we have shown you today.
David Katz: Okay. Thank you. Good luck.
Craig Billings: Thank you.
Julie Cameron-Doe: Thanks. Our next question will be our last. Thanks, operator.
Operator: Thank you. John DeCree with CBRE Securities. You may go ahead sir.
John DeCree: Hi, everyone. Just one for me, maybe finish up with a quick capital allocation discussion. So I guess the share repurchase, a bit higher than we've seen in the quarter and also the tender for the Wynn Las Vegas notes. Julie or Craig. Curious if you could tell us how you're thinking about, you know, allocating capital in the quarter. And then as we look-ahead. We have the dividend and some CapEx that's on the horizon. So, you know, how are you kind of thinking about capital allocation for, you know, for things like we saw in the 3Q as well, but share repurchases are being opportunistic with your debt.
Craig Billings: Yes, sure. So we're about -- we're always balancing some liquidity needs, right, between capital deployment growth returning capital to shareholders, et cetera. And we're in a good position to do kind of all-of-the-above right now, you just mentioned a bunch of potential uses in your question. And as you know, we restarted our dividend earlier this year. So we're really well-capitalized. And I expect that we're going to maintain extra liquidity until we see how a few things play-out. The situation in New York, macroeconomy., the yield curve, et cetera, et cetera. I would say, our bias is to even in a rising rate environment to try to stay-in a. Our free-cash flow position comparable to where we are now. We're fortunate to have a lot of long-dated fixed debt. So we have a lot of time to figure that out. And for the yield curve to potentially move before we're in a position to materially refinance. But between now and the point at which we know the fate of the license in New York, I would expect that we're going to do when the stock is mispriced, as we believe it has been. We're going to do some share repurchases. We'll manage the debt stack, consistent with what I just talked about in terms of wanting to fade some incremental interest expense. And then of course, we have capital deployment that we'll be doing to build a luxurious beautiful property in the UAE. So that's kind of where we are.
John DeCree: Okay, that's helpful. Craig. I appreciate your thoughts. Congratulations on the quarter.
Craig Billings: Thank you very much.
Julie Cameron-Doe: Well, thank you. Thank you, everyone. So that will now conclude the Q3 earnings call for Wynn. Thank you for your interest and we look-forward to talking to you again.
Craig Billings: Thanks everybody.
Operator: Thank you for participating on today's conference call. You may now go-ahead and disconnect.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-08-09 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Wynn Resorts Second Quarter 2023 Earnings Call. All participants are in a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer session of todays conference. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded, if you have objection you may disconnect at this time. I will now turn the line over to Julie Cameron-Doe, Chief Financial Officer. Please go ahead.
Julie Cameron-Doe: Thank you, operator, and good afternoon, everyone. On the call with me today are Craig Billings, Brian Gullbrants, and Steve Weitman in Las Vegas. Also on the line are Linda Chen, Frederic Luvisutto, and Jenny Holaday. I want to remind you that we may make forward-looking statements under Safe Harbor federal securities laws, and those statements may or may not come true. I will now turn the call over to Craig Billings.
Craig Billings: Thanks, Julie. Afternoon, everyone, and thanks for joining us today. Well, what a quarter. Who would have thought just six months ago that we would be run rating $2.2 billion of property EBITDA. To put that in context, peak annual property EBITDA for the company was $2 billion in 2018. Yet, here we are today. We have a more diversified business with the addition of Encore Boston Harbor; we have a business in Macau that is running structurally higher margins into a resurging market; a business in Las Vegas that is more relevant than ever and is producing nearly double its 2018 EBITDA on much higher margins; and we have a very substantial growth opportunity in the UAE, the most exciting new gaming market in decades. I see tremendous value in our business, and I know our brightest days are ahead of us. Our path is the clearest it has been in years, and our team is committed and energized. Turning to the quarter, and starting in Vegas. Wynn Las Vegas delivered $224 million of adjusted property EBITDAR. On a hold-normalized basis, our EBITDA was up 3% on a very difficult year-over-year comp. We saw strength all over the place; the casino, the hotel, the restaurants, retail, you name it. All supported by a consumer that seems more than willing to continue spending on unique luxury experiences. Now, we obviously have a very particular customer type, skewing heavily to luxury; and we continue to closely monitor whether or not interest rates and inflation begin to impact that consumer, but so far, so good. In fact, drop, handle and RevPAR are all up year-over-year in July. And that's obviously before we get into the latter portion of the year, which has a number of tailwinds from city-wide programming. Turning to Boston, like Vegas, Encore had a strong quarter, generating $69 million of EBITDAR, an all-time property record. We generated record GGR in the casino, led by strong growth in slot handle and the addition of retail sports betting earlier this year. On the non-gaming side, we delivered strong hotel revenue, driven by both ADR and occupancy. On the development front in Boston, we're advancing our East of Broadway expansion project now. Turning to Macau, we generated $246 million of EBITDAR in the quarter, which was 72% of pre-COVID levels. Hold was a bit of a mixed bag in the quarter as we held high in our VIP business, but that was more than offset by low hold on the mass table side. We saw strength across the property with several components of the business above 2019 levels. In the casino, mass table drop increased 4% versus Q2 2019, despite the fact that portions of Wynn Macau's casino were closed for renovation during the quarter. The quality of our product and service, the relaunch of our loyalty program, and our very robust non-gaming events calendar, all helped drive 14.2% market share in the quarter, consistent with our share as we exited 2019. On the non-gaming side, our retail business continues to be incredibly strong, with tenant retail sales increasing 47% relative to 2Q 2019. Looking forward, as you have seen, market-wide GGR momentum in Macau has been impressive, building through the second quarter. The strength has continued into Q3 with mass drop per day in July exceeding what we experienced in each month in Q2 and reaching 120% of daily mass drop in 2019. In July, we also continue to experience robust hotel occupancy and very healthy tenant retail sales. On the development front, we are deep into design and planning for our concession-related CapEx commitments, which we believe will help support Macau's long-term diversification goals and be additive to our business over the coming years. Lastly, construction is now underway on Wynn Al Marjan Island, our planned integrated resort in the UAE, with our secant walls and soil compaction complete and over 40% of the required hotel piles in the ground. As I said earlier, this is the most exciting new market opening in decades, and we will bring our A game to this development. Our 40% equity ownership and management license fees will drive a very healthy ROI for Wynn Resorts shareholders. With that, I will now turn it back to Julie to run through some additional details on the quarter. Julie?
Julie Cameron-Doe: Thank you, Craig. At Wynn Las Vegas, we generated $224.1 million in adjusted property EBITDAR on $578.1 million of operating revenue during the quarter, delivering an EBITDA margin of 38.8%. Slightly lower-than-normal hold negatively impacted EBITDAR by around $2 million in Q2 and hold-normalized adjusted property EBITDAR was up 3% year-over-year. Our hotel revenue increased 6% year-over-year to $177.8 million, a new second quarter record on the back of an increase of 24,000 occupied room nights. Due to rooms that were out of service for renovations in Q2 2022. ADR, occupancy and RevPAR were all up slightly, compared to Q2 2022, despite the increase in available room nights, highlighting the appeal of our newly renovated room product. Our other non-gaming businesses saw broad-based strength across food and beverage, entertainment, and retail. In the casino, our GGR increased around 2% year-over-year, driven by a 14.8% year-over-year increase in slot handle and table drop that was roughly flat. Turning to Boston, we generated adjusted property EBITDAR of $69.1 million, an all-time property record. EBITDAR margin was 31.1%, up 80 basis points year-over-year. We saw broad-based strength across casino and non-gaming during the quarter. In the casino, we generated $193 million of GGR, a property record, with strength in both tables and slots. Our non-gaming revenue grew 3.8% year-over-year to $55.1 million with particular strength in hotel and food and beverage. We've stayed very disciplined on the cost side with OpEx, excluding gaming tax per day, of approximately $1.15 million in Q2 2023, up 3.6% year-over-year on increased business volumes and down 1% sequentially. As you may have seen in the press, we were pleased to recently sign new union agreements that provide our employees with competitive wages, benefits, and a best-in-class working environment that reflects our Wynn service standards. We expect the incremental OpEx from the new agreements to be partially offset by cost efficiencies we have identified in areas of the business that do not impact the guest experience. Additionally, I would like to note that business volumes in Q3 are temporarily being negatively impacted by the Sumner Tunnel Restoration Project the City of Boston is conducting that will be ongoing through August 31. The impact is primarily being felt in our table games business as both slots and non-gaming revenue continued to grow year-on-year in July. Our Macau operations delivered adjusted property EBITDAR of $246.2 million in the quarter on $769.9 million of operating revenue. As Craig noted, we held high in our VIP business, but this was more than offset by lower-than-expected hold on the mass table side. We were encouraged by the meaningful uptick in visitation and demand we experienced during the quarter, with particular strength in mass casino drop, direct VIP turnover, luxury retail sales, and hotel revenue, all above Q2 2019 levels. EBITDAR margin was 32% in the quarter, an increase of 280 basis points relative to Q2 2019, with Wynn Palace's margin reaching 33.4%, or 690 basis points above Q2 2019 levels. EBITDAR margin strength was driven by a combination of the favorable mix shift to higher margin mass gaming and operating leverage on cost efficiencies. In fact, our OpEx, excluding gaming tax, was approximately $2.2 million per day in Q2, a decrease of 29%, compared to $3.2 million in Q2 2019 and down 2% from Q1, despite the meaningful sequential increase in business volumes. The team has done a great job remaining disciplined on costs, and we're well positioned to continue to drive strong operating leverage as the business recovers over time. In terms of CapEx, we're currently advancing through the design and planning stages on our concession commitments. And as we noted the past few quarters, these projects require a number of government approvals, creating a wide range of potential CapEx in the very near term. As such, for 2023 through 2024, we expect CapEx related to our concession commitments to range between $300 million and $400 million. Turning to Wynn Interactive, our EBITDAR burn rate decreased both sequentially and year-over-year to $15 million in Q2 2023. Our team continues to stay disciplined on costs, while driving improved marketing efficiency. Moving on to the balance sheet. Our liquidity position remains very strong, with global cash and revolver availability of approximately $4.7 billion as of June 30. This was comprised of $1.8 billion of total cash and available liquidity in Macau and $2.9 billion in the U.S. Importantly, the combination of strong performance in each of our markets globally, with our properties run rating approximately $2.2 billion of annualized property EBITDAR, together with our robust cash and liquidity, creates a very healthy leverage profile for the company globally. We're also pleased to announce that the Board approved a cash dividend of $0.25 per share, payable on August 31, 2023 to stockholders of record as of August 21, 2023, highlighting our commitment to returning capital to shareholders. Finally, our CapEx in the quarter was $92 million, primarily related to the spa villa renovations and food and beverage enhancements at Wynn Las Vegas and normal course maintenance across the business. With that, we'll now open up the call to Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Carlo Santarelli from Deutsche Bank. You may go ahead, sir.
Carlo Santarelli: Hey, Craig, Julie, everyone. Thank you for taking my question. So, Craig, just on the Macau front, obviously, the reduction sequentially in daily OpEx was a little bit of a differentiator relative to what we've seen in some peer reports. Can you talk a little bit more about that? And also, it looks as though your implied, commissions, discounts, et cetera, were as a percentage of revenue were down nicely sequentially. Do you expect, kind of, that trend to continue going forward?
Craig Billings: Sure, Carlo. well, first, on the OpEx side, I think that we're always modulating OpEx based on business volumes and what we need to get done in any particular quarter. I think the distinction between us and perhaps some of the other folks that have reported that you have seen is that we opened with a full complement of folks. And so we weren't dragging floors, we didn't have rooms out of service, et cetera, et cetera. And so we came out of the gate, with the full OpEx that you're seeing today and any movements between quarters is really going to be a function of in that quarter. On the commissions and discounts, there hasn't been any substantial change to how we do that. So again, that's going to be quite player specific based on the parameters of each player. And so again, I wouldn't read too much into it.
Carlo Santarelli: Great. And then if I could, Craig, a follow-up, turning to Las Vegas, obviously, very strong performance on the -- especially on the cost discipline side. Can you talk a little bit? I believe your labor contract actually ended in July. So I wouldn't have expected any impact, but could you talk a little bit about how you guys intend to kind of accrue for what may be a settlement and some new terms going forward or anything that was present in the 2Q perhaps?
Craig Billings: Sure. How much time have you got, Carlo?
Carlo Santarelli: I've done plenty, plenty, I guess.
Craig Billings: Well, first, what I'll say is this, first and foremost, the team at Wynn Las Vegas is the heart and soul of the place. They're very important to me and it's the same reason that we paid everybody, during the closure, during COVID. And if you look over the term of the last union contracts, their contractual wage increases initially outpaced inflation. And then, of course, lagged inflation over the course of the past couple of years. Net-net, over the last contract, they were actually flat versus core CPI. But unfortunately, and it's a reality, rent in Las Vegas has increased more than CPI over that same period. And it's very important to me that our employees can support a stable home environment for their families. So I expect there'll be some back and forth as we work with culinary to find a fair compensation level that supports our folks particularly our non-tip folks and their ability to maintain their housing. It's pretty early in the process, so we're not really even close to quantifying dollars yet or talking about accruals. But rest assured, we'll figure it out in a way that's positive for the business over the medium and long-term.
Carlo Santarelli: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next caller is Joe Greff with JP Morgan.
Joe Greff: Good afternoon, guys. Craig, when you look back at the 2Q, would you say in Macau, would you say Wynn Macau in the Peninsula was had a meaningful amount of renovation disruptor to the EBITDAR line that you would call out or do you think you were able to effectively shift what would otherwise have been disrupted to either other parts of the casino or to your property in Cotai?
Craig Billings: Well, the renovations -- thanks, Joe the renovations that took place were smack dab in the middle of a casino floor. So certainly there was a level of disruption. I think the more macro point would be that a lot of the visitation that has come back, particularly for us, has come back in Cotai. And we've -- if you think about a world where there are no longer any junkets, yet we're holding market share, I'm incredibly proud of what we've been able to do on a combined basis. But certainly, we have work to do in terms of share, downtown. And the business will go as that share goes. It's pretty simple business, you market share times the market minus taxes, minus OpEx equals EBITDA. So our focus is on driving share downtown and really that's the way that we think about the business going forward. And that's why we did the renovations in the first place. So I don't want to give you the impression that the quarters results were entirely a function of the renovation, because they're not, but certainly on the margin they were impacted.
Joe Greff: Got it. And I'm presuming the renovation was completed at some point in June. If you can confirm that, but would you expect that Cotai and Peninsula would be more in balance going forward similar to 2019? Or do you think visitation dynamics are such where the Cotai region is just going to get a little bit more traction?
Julie Cameron-Doe: Confirmed and the latter.
Joe Greff: Got it. Okay. And then you called out, as others did in the 1Q and parts of the 2Q this reporting season, talking about low hold on the mass side. We can see the whole percentages the last couple of quarters versus what you did in 2019 at both properties. What is that a function of? Are players betting side bets or playing differently or is it really just a couple of quarters of aberrations and expected table hold percentages?
Craig Billings: Yes, you're right. And historically, by the way, we haven't normalized for mass hold. And that was -- that made sense when the business was more balanced between mass and VIP. So that's something we're going to rethink going forward. But to your question very specifically, it's really a function of two things, and it was most acute at Wynn Macau rather than Wynn Palace. It's a function of volumes and normal course volatility. So you mentioned just normal aberrations and certainly that's part of it, but volume inherently smooths volatility. So when you had tour groups and you had core mass and you had just more bodies coming to Macau, the impact of volatility was inherently muted. And that's just not the case right now. So I would expect continue to see volatility, sometimes it'll be to our benefit and sometimes it'll be to the players.
Joe Greff: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next caller is Shaun Kelley with Bank of America. You may go ahead.
Shaun Kelley: Hi, good afternoon, everyone. Thanks for taking my questions. So Craig, maybe one more about Macau, but just wondering if you could give a little bit of color about, sort of, segments of business, what you're seeing across, particularly behavior wise, across premium mass and VIP. And I'm really thinking kind of spend per visit relative to what's left to recover on the visitation side as you look to see things normalize?
Craig Billings: Yes, I'm going to not comment on VIP, because it's obviously very patron, specific and VIP volumes are while surprisingly good, still a fraction of what they were previously. On the mass side, we've seen length of stay decline, which makes sense, because during COVID, if you made the commitment to come, you were coming for an extended period, but we've seen spend per customer actually go up. And so frequency has increased. Length of stay has decreased and spend per customer has gone up, which is great because that gives you the opportunity to make efficient use of your rooms, and is generally good for business. But I don't really have a comment on VIP.
Q - Shaun Kelle: Very helpful. And then, maybe one for you or Julie, just wanted to ask about the CapEx comment in the prepared remarks. I believe the call out was around some of the concession commitments and something around $300 million to $400 million. The question is, was that a per year number or is that a total number across kind of 2023 and 2024. And then if you can just remind us how you're thinking about sort of the CapEx versus possible OpEx components related to the -- that concession process. And I know it's a little different for everybody. And I know these plans are moving around some?
Julie Cameron-Doe: Sure. Thanks, Shaun. I'll take that. Yes, that number we've given out the $300 million to $400 million is the 23 to 24. And really, we've done that, I think we've always foreshadowed that the process takes some time, because of all the different approvals that are required. So, you know, we were hopeful that we would get more on this year, but actually now we're looking at, you know, between the $300 million to $400 million over the 23 to 24 period in total. In terms of how we're thinking about the concession, it's more than half of the commitment we made, more than half of the $2 billion is CapEx related. And we do expect that to be front end loaded. So obviously, with the $300 million to $400 million in the first two years. And then a similar clip to that for a couple of years after that.
Craig Billings: And then I would just point out that on the OpEx side, I would just like to remind you that there's a lot of things that we do in the business today that already support nongaming. And so we don't expect all of that to be incremental.
Shaun Kelley: Very clear. Thank you, everyone.
Operator: Thank you. Our next caller is Stephen Grambling with Morgan Stanley. You may go ahead, sir.
Stephen Grambling: Hi, thanks. Maybe a clarification on July in Macau. I think you said the run rate was 120% of 2019 levels on hold. Should we think of that as true for hold adjusted win rate comparing versus 2019? And any reason to believe that the $2.2 million in OpEx per day would be similar or different during that month versus the quarter as we build going forward?
Craig Billings: The 120 -- sure. The 120% that I referenced was drop. So it has no -- so Wynn obviously has no impact. And OpEx, no expectation of any material changes in OpEx.
Stephen Grambling: And then maybe as a follow-up on capital allocation. I think if we take the $2.2 billion run rate EBITDAR, less the concession spend, some other CapEx in Vegas in the dividend. It looks like there could still be some free cash flow left over. Is that the right way to think about it? And is there appetite in our ability to ramp capital return? Or do you generally think the pandemic has altered how you think about liquidity and leverage?
Craig Billings: Julie, do you want to take the first portion of that, and I'll take the second?
Julie Cameron-Doe: About the CapEx?
Craig Billings: About the free cash flow.
Julie Cameron-Doe: Sure. Yes, you're quite right. We're now with the $2.2 billion run rate and interest under control and all of that, we have sizable discretionary free cash flow. And so we're very focused on what we'll be doing in terms of delevering, returning to shareholders and of course, all of the exciting projects we have in front of us.
Craig Billings: Yes. We're well capitalized at the moment. And I expect we will maintain some extra liquidity until we really see how a few things play out. First is New York. The second is the macro economy and the third is the yield curve. And we're always looking at the markets, the capital markets and thinking about when to refinance and whether to do it dollar-for-dollar or modestly delever. And when to return capital to shareholders, primarily by adding to the dividend. So we're in a bit of a wait-and-see approach at this moment. But if you think about it, we've got a great project in the UAE that is going to be a stunner. We've reinitiated our dividend, and our leverage is well under control. So we feel pretty good about where we are.
Stephen Grambling: Fair enough. Thanks so much.
Craig Billings: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next caller comes from David Katz with Jefferies. You may go ahead, sir.
Q  David Katz: Good afternoon, everyone. Thanks for taking my question. I'm hoping for just a little more insight on margins in Macau. It's been one of the questions that -- trying to figure out what the new normal is or could be longer term as we think about the future, largely driven by revenue mix. I wonder what updated thoughts you may have versus what we would have had 90 days ago. Or more than that when I was over to visit, where it was the prevailing question. Thank you.
Craig Billings: Sure, David. Not really. I mean, I think a little bit like what happened in the U.S., we learned to run our business differently. So you mentioned primarily related to business mix. And certainly, that's a component of it. But we're running the business really, really well. The quality of service is as it should be and as it has always been, yet our OpEx has come down pretty meaningfully. And I think it's a testament to Linda and Frederic and Craig Fullalove, our CFO, over there and everything they've been able to do with the business. So really, what you're seeing is particularly at Palace, you can see it in the margin. What you're seeing is the impact of both sides of it with operating leverage coming through from business volumes and pretty robust expense control.
David Katz: Right. And leaving it to us to decide on the order of magnitude, but it is fair to assume that there still should be some margin upside in Macau still to be captured as volumes return, correct?
Craig Billings: Well, I haven't been in an Excel model in probably 15 years. But if I were doing one, I would probably hold margin at Palace relatively constant, just to be conservative. I mean, it's in the low-30s today, which is pretty darn good. And I would assume that Wynn Macau's margin increases as we aggressively fight for share.
David Katz: Okay, Ill take it. Thank you very much. Appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. Our next caller is Brandt Montour with Barclays. You may go ahead, sir.
Brandt Montour: Hey, good evening, everybody. Thanks for taking my question. So in Las Vegas, obviously, a great result there. REVPAR and ADR were flat to up small year-over-year. Just curious, how you're feeling about taking rate from these levels that you're at. Today, obviously, occupancy is pretty full. And looking out in the back half of the year, how do you feel about your comparisons -- sort of cadence, third quarter, fourth quarter, as well as the sort of financial impact or the hotel impact from F1 in the fourth quarter?
Craig Billings: Sure. I'll start, and then I'll ask Brian to comment. We have grown ADR pretty meaningfully, certainly since the property reopened from the closure in 2020, and I'm incredibly proud of our ability to do that. It really speaks to the product that we offer. And we've held those rates, and we've continued to have a rate premium to the rest of the town. Our ability to continue to take rate really depends on the macro. And as I mentioned in my opening remarks, the best I can do is kind of give you a clear picture of what we're seeing right now, and it's good. But as I've said before, we have a 2023 playbook for really end 2024 for every scenario. So I'm not really going to forecast whether we think we can continue to take rate given how dependent it is on the overall economy, but we're feeling great about our business. Brian, do you want to talk about pacing?
Brian Gullbrants: Sure. Yes. I mean if you look at -- our forward-looking demand indicators are really remaining quite healthy. The room bookings we have are pacing up year-over-year. And as far as group pace, it continues to be strong. We've mentioned it on previous calls, Q3 and Q4 continue with the same pace that we've had thus far this year. So 2023 will wind up being a record group year. And '24 continues to pace ahead of that. So we keep looking for the signs, but lead volume is there, and our team does a great job of converting.
Brandt Montour: Okay. That's super helpful. And then for Al Marjan, I appreciate the comments. Obviously, an exciting property. Can you give us an update on the casino license and sort of the pathway there and just an update, if you have everything you need for the sort of full plan that you've laid out in your initial projections?
Craig Billings: Sure. We have everything we need to operate gaming in Al Marjan. And I think there's confusion here because there's a lack of understanding regarding individual Emirates versus the UAE as a whole. It's clearly a 10, as I think I've talked about before to a state and federal system. So while there may be conversation in other Emirates about legalization or legalization at the federal level, thereby covering all Emirates, I expect that we will have our license for Ras Al Khaimah actually imminently. But there should be no concern that there is a legalization process that needs to occur in order for a broader legalization process in order for gaming to occur in that property.
Brandt Montour: Crystal clear. Thanks for the comments.
Craig Billings: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Thank you. Our next caller is Dan Politzer with Wells Fargo. You may go ahead, sir.
Daniel Politzer: Hey, good afternoon, everyone. Thanks for taking my questions. On prior calls, I think you mentioned that you could get back to a run rate EBITDA -- and I think it was about $26 billion, $27 billion range for GGR. I mean given what you're seeing in terms of mix and margin, is that still achievable? And going back to that July under 20% data point that you gave, is this something that maybe is achievable in the back end of this year?
Craig Billings: I mean it depends on the market. Again, the model there is, as I said, pretty straightforward. Your share times the market, minus taxes, minus OpEx. So it really depends on which way the market goes. The market estimate where we think we would get back remains, as you described, probably closer to $27 billion versus $26 billion, based on the share we turned in this particular quarter, but generally, that holds true.
Daniel Politzer: Got it. And then just for my follow-up. In terms of Wynn Macau, you mentioned you're going to be fighting for share there. Is that -- is it fair to say that margins maybe come down a little bit from these current levels? And I guess more broadly, as it relates to premium mass, are you seeing an uptick in promotions within that segment?
Craig Billings: On the second question, no, the market has been pretty disciplined, and we're certainly pleased with that. On the first question, I don't think you should expect margin to go down at Wynn Macau. If the subtext of your question was will we need to get promotional in order to drive business to Wynn Macau, no, you should not assume that the margin will go down because we have tremendous operating leverage that comes with each 10 basis points of share at that property.
Daniel Politzer: Got it. Thanks, thats helpful.
Operator: Thank you. Our next caller is Chad Beynon with Macquarie. You may go ahead, sir.
Chad Beynon: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. I wanted to ask about the Interactive cash burn. You mentioned that that's come down again year-over-year and sequentially. Are you still on track for this to turn profitable in the fourth quarter? And any other kind of insights in terms of where this is going and how the flow-through should look if revenues rise from here during peak season? Thanks.
Craig Billings: Sure. I don't think we ever said it would be breakeven in the fourth quarter. But what we are focused on is making sure that it goes down every quarter.
Julie Cameron-Doe: Yes. Just -- I mean the sports betting's a tough business. It's about the game of commodity. They're difficult businesses, but we're very focused on managing this business. We've got a very long-term shareholder-friendly view on it. So that's our focus.
Chad Beynon: Thank you. And then another one on Macau. You just mentioned the $27 billion GGR number. We did see some sequential growth in the last recent month. But I'm just wondering, as some of the farther out visitors come back to the market, I guess we'd kind of have to look through the database figuring out where all the premium players are in all of China. But does this matter as much for you guys? Or are there enough people in kind of Hong Kong and Guangdong for you to continue to put up numbers? Or do you really need some of those further out markets to open up from a visa and just a visitation standpoint? And are they driving higher spend per trip than what you're seeing in the property right now?
Craig Billings: Every customer matters, Chad. It's -- of course, we want to see the underlying regions start to contribute to Macau. Are we dependent on it? No. But certainly, that's going to add incremental heft to the recovery, and that's going to add incremental heft to the total market, which again pushes us further back towards breakeven. Sorry, breakeven with 2019 or equal to 2019.
Chad Beynon: Makes sense. Appreciate it. Thank you very much.
Craig Billings: Sure.
Operator: And our next caller is John DeCree with CBRE. You may go ahead, sir.
John DeCree: Thanks for taking my questions. Maybe just a two-part question on Las Vegas. Craig, to the extent you can provide maybe a little bit more color around the visibility you have for the big events like F1 or Super Bowl. And then maybe the second part of that question is when you look at your forward demand indicators for bookings, is -- how much of that kind of year-on-year growth is tethered to those events? And excluding those events, are you still seeing good booking indicators for those maybe less peak periods or less kind of event-driven periods?
Craig Billings: Sure. I'll start, and then I'll ask Brian to comment. So Brian's prior comment on booking pace was independent of those events, to answer your -- to answer your last question. F1, Super Bowl, I mean, these are events that are made for us, right? Because we end up picking up the top end of the patrons and customers that come to town for those events. And so we're really excited about it, about where we are and where we sit. Brian, do you want to provide some more color?
Brian Gullbrants: Sure. Yes, I think both of these events, specifically F1 and then Super Bowl, definitely played to the strengths of our brand. It's a perfect match. We are getting significant premiums for those two events themselves. And I think we're pacing quite nicely. I know some of our competitors have given more specific data, but I can tell you we're going to do just fine here.
John DeCree: Very good. Thanks for the color guys. Appreciate it.
Julie Cameron-Doe: Thanks, John. And operator, the next question will be our last.
Operator: Thank you. And our final question comes from Robin Farley with UBS. You may go ahead.
Robin Farley: Great. Thank you for letting me sneak in here at the end. Can you clarify just to sort of make it comparable to previous periods, what the VIP hold added to make EBITDA in Macau?
Craig Billings: Julie? Holding back to VIP.
Julie Cameron-Doe: Holding back to VIP. I mean as we said on the call, we held a little bit high on VIP, but that was more than offset by lower mass hold. So we're not actually getting into breaking it out.
Craig Billings: Okay. And then...
Craig Billings: It was about $20 million. So we have $20 million of high hold on VIP. This is what I was alluding to earlier. We need to -- we're going to start normalizing for mass hold, because so much of our business now is mass. But it's about $20 million in Macau, and low mass hold more than offset that, as Julie said.
Robin Farley: Okay. Great. And I appreciate you breaking that out just to make it kind of comparable to previous quarters. So thank you. And then -- and I'm sorry if I missed your comment on this, but have you talked about how much of the margin do you think you can hold on to in Vegas? Thanks.
Craig Billings: Well, in the midst of -- in the midst of the dark days of COVID, we put out a permanent cost savings figure, and we've held to that. We certainly, again, learned to run our business differently during COVID. And what I would say is that our business volumes over the course of the past 1.5 years have been absolutely off the charts, and we've held the line and still held true to the brand. So the business kind of is the business now. To the extent that there is a macro -- any macro-driven change to our business volumes or to our ADRs, et cetera, we have a playbook for that, because we just lived it as we went through COVID, and we'll be ready. Again, we're not seeing that. But we're certainly ready for every scenario.
Robin Farley: Okay. Alright, great. Thank you very much.
Julie Cameron-Doe: Well, thank you, operator. With that, that concludes the Q2 earnings call. Thanks, everybody, for your attention. We look forward to talking to you again soon.
Operator: Thank you for participating on today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-05-09 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Wynn Resorts First Quarter 2023 Earnings Call. All participants are in a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer session of todays conference. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. I will now turn the line over to Cameron -- I'm sorry, to Julie Cameron-Doe, Chief Financial Officer. Please go ahead.
Julie Cameron-Doe: Thank you, operator, and good afternoon, everyone. On the call with me today are Craig Billings and Brian Gullbrants in Las Vegas. Also on the line are Linda Chen, Frederic Luvisutto and Jenny Holaday. I want to remind you that, we may make forward-looking statements under safe harbor federal securities laws, and those statements may or may not come true. I will now turn the call over to Craig Billings.
Craig Billings: Thanks, Julie. Afternoon, everyone, and thanks for joining us today. Before we get into the specifics of the quarter, I'm pleased to say that after three years of suspension, today, we announced that we are resuming payment of a quarterly dividend, initially $0.25 per share. We have a number of growth projects in flight that require capital and will ultimately add meaningful EBITDA to our business. But with Macau returning to profitability and North America continuing to perform well above historical levels, we have sufficient financial flexibility to also return capital to shareholders. I also want to express appreciation to our 27,000-plus team, who were once again recently recognized by Forbes Travel Guide with 24 Five Star Awards, the most of any independent hotel company in the world. Thank you for all that you do. Turning to Las Vegas. I have to tell you, it's a fascinating time in our business. Despite the confluence of high inflation, high interest rates, bank failures and increasingly difficult year-over-year comps, Wynn Las Vegas delivered an all-time record in Q1 with $232 million of adjusted property EBITDA, supported by a consumer that continues to feel flush. We also subsequently delivered the best April in the history of the property. We continue to invest heavily in people, programming and the building to further distance ourselves as the clear leader in luxury in Vegas. Looking ahead, we currently have a strong pipeline of forward group demand, continued rooms pricing power, healthy drop in handle and a robust programming calendar, particularly in the back half of the year. Yet I continue to watch the macro factors that I mentioned earlier, and I will note that, with Q2 2023, we will begin comping against some very strong prior year quarters. Lastly, just as I have the past several quarters, I will continue to tell you exactly what we're seeing. And right now, things feel good around here. Turning to Boston. Like Vegas, Encore had a strong quarter, generating $63 million of EBITDAR. We saw strength across the casino in terms of table drop, slot handle and overall GGR. On the non-gaming side, we delivered strong hotel revenue driven by both ADR and occupancy. The strength has continued into Q2 with EBITDA per day in April largely consistent with trends we have experienced over the past few quarters. We also launched retail sports betting at Encore Boston Harbor in Q1, which helped drive a 20% increase in sign-ups to our Wynn Rewards loyalty program year-to-date. I expect the book will continue to be a significant driver for new customer acquisition over time. On the development front in Boston, we finalized the interiors and began to buy out structural materials for our upcoming projects across the street from the property that will add incremental parking, food and beverage and entertainment amenities. Turning to Macau. We generated $156 million of EBITDA in the quarter with lower-than-normal VIP hold negatively impacting EBITDA by about $10 million. In the casino, mass table drop reached 82% of Q1 2019 levels, and our VIP hold normalized market share was over 14% during the quarter despite unusually low hold in our mass business at Wynn Macau and the fact that significant portions of Wynn Macau's East casino were closed for renovation during the quarter. Encouragingly, that market share was consistent with full year 2019 levels. On the non-gaming side, our retail business was incredibly strong with tenant retail sales increasing 60% compared to the first quarter of 2019, once again highlighting the strength of our premium consumer. Looking forward, as you have seen, market-wide GGR momentum in Macau has been very impressive, building through the first quarter and accelerating into April. Who would have thought even six months ago that the market would be run rating north of $22 billion of annual GGR. In April, our mass drop per day increased versus Q1, our direct VIP turnover per day increased meaningfully versus Q1, and occupancy and retail sales were very healthy. More recently, the May Golden Week holiday period was particularly strong, outperforming Golden Week 2019 in several key areas. In the casino, our overall mass table drop during the holiday period was nearly 10% above 2019 Golden Week levels, and our direct VIP turnover was more than double 2019 levels. Outside of gaming, our tenant retail sales increased 36% compared to Golden Week 2019, and our hotel occupancy was 95%. Performance during and after the quarter was skewed towards Wynn Palace, driven both by the mix of customers that have returned to Macau in the initial reopening wave and the renovation-related closures at Wynn Macau that I mentioned earlier. We are making a number of changes and improvements to Wynn Macau that I expect will drive longer-term market share gain. In the meantime, I expect that Wynn Palace will continue to pace ahead of Wynn Macau in the recovery. On the development front in Macau, we are deep into design and planning for our concession related CapEx commitments, which we believe will help support Macau's long-term diversification goals and be additive to our business over the coming years. We look forward to telling you more in due course. Lastly, I hope that you were all able to review the information we provided a couple of weeks ago on Wynn Al Marjan Island, our planned integrated resort in the UAE. If you haven't listened to the presentation or read through the slide deck, you can find both on our IR website. I'm incredibly proud of the program and design elements we have put together thus far. And as we noted in the presentation, we think the resort will generate between $450 million and $600 million of steady-state EBITDA. The combination of our 40% equity ownership in the project along with our management and license fees will drive a very healthy ROI for Wynn Resorts shareholders. With that, I'll now turn it back to Julie to run through some additional details on the quarter.
Julie Cameron-Doe: Thank you, Craig. At Wynn Las Vegas, we generated an all-time record of $231.6 million in adjusted property EBITDA on $586.8 million of operating revenue during the quarter. Higher-than-normal hold positively impacted EBITDA by around $4 million in Q1. Our hotel occupancy was 88.8% in the quarter, up 1,190 basis points year-over-year and up 620 basis points versus Q1 2019. Importantly, we've stayed true to our luxury brand and continue to compete on quality of product and service experience with our overall ADR reaching a record $493 during Q1 2023, up 14.1% versus Q1 2022 and 46% above Q1 2019 levels. Our other non-gaming businesses saw broad-based strength across food and beverage, entertainment and retail, which were up nicely year-over-year and also well above pre-pandemic levels. In the casino, our Q1 2023 slot handle increased 33.5% year-over-year and with 99% of our Q1 2019 level. Similarly, our table drop was up 9.6% year-over-year and was 49% of our Q1 2019 levels. The team in Vegas has done a great job of controlling costs without negatively impacting the guest experience, delivering adjusted property EBITDA margin of 39.5% in the quarter. On a hold-normalized basis, our EBITDA margin was up approximately 300 basis points year-over-year at approximately 1,400 basis points compared to Q1 2019. OpEx excluding gaming tax per day was $3.7 million in Q1 2023, which was flat sequentially and up 20% compared to Q1 2019 levels, but well below the 46% increase in operating revenues. Turning to Boston. We generated adjusted property EBITDA of $63.4 million with EBITDA margin of 29.3%. We saw broad-based strength across casino and non-gaming during the quarter. In the casino, we generated $191 million of GGR, a property record with strength in both tables and slots. Our non-gaming revenue grew 21% year-over-year to $50.9 million with particular strength in hotel and food and beverage. We've stayed very disciplined on the cost side with OpEx excluding gaming tax per day of approximately $1.17 million in Q1 2023. This is up relative to Q1 2022 on increased business volumes and flat sequentially. As we've discussed on prior calls, the year-over-year EBITDA and OpEx comps were impacted by contractual labor agreements, which added around $45,000 per day to our OpEx base beginning late in Q2 2022. We're well positioned to drive strong operating leverage as we continue to grow the top line over time. Our Macau operations delivered adjusted property EBITDA of $155.8 million in the quarter on $600.1 million of operating revenues. Lower-than-normal VIP hold negatively impacted EBITDA by around $10 million in Q1. As Craig noted, we were encouraged by the meaningful uptick in visitation and demand we experienced during the quarter with particular strength in mass casino and luxury retail sales. Our OpEx excluding gaming tax was approximately $2.3 million per day in Q1, a decrease compared to $3.2 million in Q1 2019 and up modestly from Q4 despite meaningful sequential increase in business volumes. The team has done a great job remaining disciplined on costs, and we're well positioned to drive strong operating leverage as the business recovers over time. In terms of CapEx, we're currently advancing through the design and planning stages on our concession commitments. And as we noted last quarter, these projects require a number of government approvals, creating a wide range of potential CapEx in the very near term. As such, for 2023, we continue to expect CapEx related to our concession commitments to range between $50 million to $220 million. Turning to Wynn Interactive. Our EBITDA burn rate decreased both sequentially and year-over-year to $21.1 million in Q1 2023. Our team continues to stay disciplined on cost, while driving improved marketing efficiencies. Moving on to the balance sheet. Our liquidity position remains very strong with global cash and revolver availability of approximately $4.7 billion as of March 31. This was comprised of $1.6 billion of total cash and available liquidity in Macau and $3.1 billion in the US. Importantly, the combination of very strong performance in Las Vegas and Boston with the properties generating over $1.1 billion of adjusted property EBITDA in the 12 months through March 31, together with our robust liquidity, creates a very healthy leverage profile in the US. As Craig noted, with our properties performing well in each of our markets and our robust liquidity, we're pleased to announce that the Board approved the resumption of our quarterly dividend with a cash dividend of $0.25 per share payable on June 6, 2023, to stockholders of record as of May 23, 2023, highlighting our commitment to prudently returning capital to shareholders. Finally, our CapEx in the quarter was $124 million primarily related to the spa and villa renovations and F&B enhancements at Wynn Las Vegas and normal course maintenance across the business. With that, we will now open up the call to Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Carlo Santarelli with Deutsche Bank. You may go ahead sir.
Carlo Santarelli: Hey, everyone. Thanks for taking my question. Craig, as you talked about some of the work you guys are doing on the peninsula at that asset, how much of the, I guess, trailings of that asset relative to Cotai is related to the work versus how much of the overall recovery that you've experienced or the market has experienced in Cotai? How much does the peninsula lag that? And what do you think -- or what do you think it takes to narrow that gap in the resumption of attempting to attain 2019 levels in both geographies?
Craig Billings: Sure. No problem. Carlo, thanks for the question. So first, it's important to note, we don't normalize for mass hold. And so when we talk about normalized numbers, they don't include any unusually low hold in that. And we did hold low in mass at Wynn Macau in the quarter. But certainly, and I called it out for a reason, Wynn Palace is leading the charge amongst our two properties as the market comes back. There's really a few factors at play. I think everybody who follows Macau closely knows that GGR and visitation were somewhat disconnected in the initial wave in that you had a lot of dedicated players come back. A lot of those players -- well all -- most of those players are rated players. And they weren't coming with tour groups. They were coming as individual visitors and they disproportionately, at least within our business, ended up at Wynn Palace on Cotai when Macau historically has been more exposed to our group business, general unrated business, et cetera, et cetera. So I'm not surprised from that perspective that Wynn Palace led Wynn Macau. That's the first point. The second point is that there are a number of changes that we're making to Wynn Macau. The property needs to be refreshed, and we're making those changes now. We did start those in Q1, including some pretty significant refreshment of the East, East casino there, which disrupted significant numbers of pits concurrently. They were effectively closed during the quarter. So that also had an impact. So I think as the market continues to recover, as more unrated play comes back to the market, as more tour groups come back to the market, then we'll get the natural benefit downtown. And then, of course, we're trying to make the property the best that it can be to take as much market share as we possibly can. But in the interim, as I said, I would expect Palace to lead Wynn Macau.
Carlo Santarelli: Thank you. That's helpful. And then as a follow-up, obviously, there's plenty of development activity. There's obviously some spend on Cotai, and your contributions down the road for the UAE development. What was the primary thought process and driving factors and the decision to reinstitute the dividend?
Craig Billings: Well  thanks, Carlo. Yes, the dividend, we -- as we always talk about with our investors, the dividend is the cornerstone of our capital return strategy. And the US business is getting plenty of cash flow Macau is coming back quickly and so now we are doing exactly what you just alluded to. We're balancing these high-ROI development projects in Boston and the UAE. We're preserving a bit of capital related to New York City to the extent that, that advances. And on the other side, our desire to re-implement that dividend and return capital. So we felt like this initial dividend was a great place to start. And from there, stay tuned. We'll see how we grow it over time.
Carlo Santarelli: Great. Thank you, Craig.
Craig Billings: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next caller is Joe Greff with JPMorgan.
Joe Greff: Good afternoon, everybody. Craig, it looks like EBITDA margins on net revenues in Macau in March were about 30%. I just want to make sure my math is right on that. And then when I just look at overall OpEx growth versus net or gross giving or gross revenue growth, it looks like OpEx growth is approximately half of revenue growth. Do you think that can continue, or do you think OpEx growth is lagging because of labor constraints and maybe other nuanced things in the Macau marketplace?
Craig Billings: Well, thanks, Joe. The market is structurally different than it was in 2019 and before for a few reasons. I think the change in the junket environment and the shift to mass is well understood. On the OpEx side, the concessionaires were encouraged to and generally did maintain labor throughout the course of the shutdown. There are components of the labor pool where I think all of us were able to -- particularly with respect to some foreign labor, where we were able to trim. And so I think I've heard comments from some of our competitors that they were bringing labor back on, particularly on the housekeeping side, et cetera, et cetera. I think that's generally true for us. We have been operating at full capacity since the day the market reopened. We're probably light in a couple of labor categories, not high-dollar labor categories. So I don't think we're in a situation where certainly our fixed costs are going to meaningfully accelerate as the market accelerates. And I would expect some pretty healthy operating leverage coming out of the business over the course of the next couple of years. If you look at where Palace printed this quarter, you can look at that relative to 2019, and you can see that there was distinct margin improvement. Our service levels certainly haven't degraded versus 2019. So I'm pretty bullish.
Joe Greff: Great. And I was hoping you can maybe put a little bit more meat on the bones with respect to your comments about April and Macau in terms of an EBITDA run rate. I don't know if you want to look at it as a percentage growth rate in relation to March or for the full quarter, but any additional details would be appreciated.
Craig Billings: Well, I would just say our average EBITDA per day in April was up over our average EBITDA per day in Q1. You saw what the market did. The market grew quite healthy from both February to March and then March to April. And we had 14% share in the first quarter. So I think you can probably do the math from there.
Joe Greff: Great. Thanks so much guys.
Craig Billings: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next caller is Shaun Kelley with Bank of America. You may go ahead.
Shaun Kelley: Hi. Good afternoon everyone. Thank you for taking my question. Just was hoping we could get a little bit more color on the recovery you're seeing maybe in the VIP segment. So obviously, I think you called out direct being, I think, double over the Golden Week holiday. But maybe just in general, how you're serving that higher-end customer where you see them playing on the floor? Just kind of behaviorally, how has the market kind of adapted and adjusted to that and how your direct program has evolved as well?
Craig Billings: Sure. I think, it's Shaun, I think it's honestly a little bit too early to forecast the overall trajectory of VIP, both direct and junket. But certainly, we were pleased with turnover in both the quarter and subsequent to, including Golden Week. I think it's a testament to how much Macau in general and we, in particular, have to offer those customers, including those from broader Asia. So we're watching the situation closely. Stay tuned. I don't think there's been a lot of, frankly, changes in terms of how we execute in direct. We certainly have developed some incremental relationships, player referral relationships outside of the traditional markets, and that's part of the broader mandate to improve international visitation to Macau. But the way that we underwrite credit, the way we think about extending credit, none of that has changed. So we'll see how it develops over the course of the next couple of quarters. But overall, I think we've been pleasantly surprised.
Shaun Kelley: Thank you for that. And then as my follow-up, could you just -- going back to the renovations for a second on the Peninsula, your expectations for when those should conclude or if they don't conclude entirely sort of become materially less of a headwind from here, how long that program is expected to last?
Craig Billings: The material impact will subside this quarter. So we had the portions of the main floor on the east side closed at various points throughout Q1. That's complete. Now we're doing some work in some of our adjacent salons, and that will complete this quarter. There's a number of other things that will have a longer tail, but it shouldn't impact revenue the same way.
Shaun Kelley: Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next caller is Dan Politzer with Wells Fargo. You may go ahead, sir.
Dan Politzer: Hey, good afternoon everyone. Thanks for taking my questions. I wanted to actually pivot to Wynn on margin. Can you maybe talk about how we should think about this property evolving over time in terms of the timing of your capital commitment, maybe the financing breakdown versus the equity contributions versus debt, gaming versus non-gaming? Just any additional color. And I appreciate that the presentation was pretty thorough. But just as we think about this going forward and over the next few years, that would be helpful. Thank you.
Craig Billings: Yeah, sure. Think about it as a $4 billion project for now. Think about it as 50% equity, 50% construction-related financing with the exact percentage TBD. Think about the equity going in pro rata with the construction cost, that's always a debate you have with the financing sources. So we'll see how that goes, but that's the way that I would model it for now. I've talked a bit about this on prior calls. The market in Dubai from a non-gaming perspective is incredibly healthy. If you look at ADRs, if you look at spend on food and beverage, if you look at spend on luxury retail, it's tremendous. And so we think that this -- the more time we spend there, we think that this business is much more akin to our Las Vegas business than it is, say, Macau or Boston, which are primarily gaming-centric markets. So we think that this will be a healthy balance of gaming, non-gaming and that that will allow us to provide a very full and high-quality experience and generate very healthy returns.
Dan Politzer: Got it. And then just in terms of Macau, I know there was a couple of moving pieces in the quarter. Is there any way to maybe quantify -- and I recognize that this is not something you would typically adjust for, but that mass hold in the quarter in terms of the impact to EBITDA, as well as that construction disruption and just as we think about in a normalized scenario going forward, that would be helpful.
Craig Billings: Yeah. So there's probably 500 basis points of low mass hold, plus or minus. You have the statistics in the press release, you have drops, so you can apply that to it. And the construction disruption, we have not quantified.
Dan Politzer: Got it. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next caller is David Katz with Jefferies. You may go ahead sir. David, your line is open. Possibly your mute is on. We'll go to the next caller. Robin Farley, you may go ahead with UBS.
Robin Farley: Great. Thanks. I just wanted to circle back to your comments about VIP hold, and the fact that it was at two times the level of 2019 your direct business for Golden Week. If we think about your direct VIP business in 2019 being maybe 15% of total VIP, is it reasonable to think you could get back to 30% of previous VIP levels or even higher since this is really just out of the box here under the new regulations?
Craig Billings: Well, thanks, Robin. I think what's unknown at this point is the denominator in your equation. So we don't know what total VIP will be yet, right? We need to really see how that develops over the course of the next couple of quarters. There's really no legal or structural impediments to us returning to our prior direct VIP business or, frankly, exceeding it. It's unaffected by -- generally unaffected by the legal changes that happened. So I think that we were
Robin Farley: I mean, that's what I was suggesting. In other words, if you were at two times the level already for Golden Week that you could -- in other words, is there a reason that wouldn't be a sustainable rate of recovery of your previous what was direct, that you'd be able to recapture some of what have been junket business at that same level or even higher?
Craig Billings: No. There's no reason that we couldn't do that, other than credit underwriting. What we won't do is underwrite players that we're not comfortable with from an asset perspective. So with that caveat, no, there's nothing that could stop that.
Robin Farley: Okay. Thank you.
Craig Billings: Sure.
Julie Cameron-Doe: We will take one last question operator.
Operator: Thank you. John DeCree with CBRE. You may go ahead.
John DeCree: Hi. Good afternoon. Everyone thank you taking my question. Maybe bring the conversation back home for one in Las Vegas, obviously, a fantastic quarter for you guys in the market as a whole. And two kind of customer segments that we're paying attention to is the international customer and convention recovery. Presumably, we've seen both of those kind of accelerate in 1Q. So curious to get your thoughts on where the recovery of those two segments are for Wynn specifically and how much room you see in front for those kind of two customer segments relative to 2019?
Craig Billings: Sure. I'll cover international and then I'll ask Brian to talk about the group and convention pacing. On the international side, you're right, the market has not gotten back to its full pre-COVID levels. It's really been a geography-by-geography question. LatAm started to return early. Europe has started to come back. And so there are certainly opportunities in international. I do want to -- I would specifically call out China and Mainland Chinese guests where we don't know yet because it's very, very early there. And so we'll see how that plays out. But international is starting to trickle back. And I think that, that will be a tailwind as we move through 2023 with the caveat that I mentioned with respect to seeing how China plays out. Brian, do you want to comment on our group and convention pace?
Brian Gullbrants: Sure. Thanks, Craig. John, yeah, I would say that group is back beyond 2019 levels at this point. When you look to Q1 and what we did, the team did an amazing job. We had one of our best -- well, we had the best convention group revenue we've ever had. We had all the stars line up, CES, Homebuilders, CONEXPO. It was just a phenomenal quarter, which then helped drive the record quarter. If you look forward, I think the group business is solid. Our team has done a great job. We're pacing towards record group room nights for this year with very strong ADRs. We built a solid base that will allow us to yield manage our rooms in the other segments as we move forward. And right now, 2024, knock on wood, 2024 is actually pacing ahead of what we believe will be a record 2023. So yes, we're back to beyond 2019 levels, and we see this right now continuing. We're looking for the signs. Don't see any signs of softening yet, but we're going to be cautious and reactive we have to. But right now, it looks pretty good.
Craig Billings: And we have -- again, as Brian said, it's proven to be interesting. I think everybody, at least that we talk to on the sell side and the buy side, keeps waiting for a shoe to drop in Vegas. And it hasn't to date. Now, we have a 2023 playbook, 2024 playbook for every possible scenario because we learned how to operate our business incredibly efficiently as we went through all the various iterations of COVID. So we feel great about where we are. We're ready for anything, and we'll see how we go.
John DeCree: Thanks. That's really helpful. Maybe as a follow-up, one more on Macau. Craig, could you kind of give us your insights on the competitive landscape, I guess, particularly on the direct VIP and premium mass? It seems like there's been plenty to go around so far in early recovery, but curious to get your updated thoughts on player reinvestment and how competitive or promotional the market has been, if at all.
Craig Billings: Sure. It's early, right? And a wise person once told me that half of great strategic thinking is ignoring noise, and there is a tremendous amount of noise in the market in Q1. We had competitors with rooms out of commission. We had whole volatility because in the early portion of the quarter when you have lower volumes, you inherently have whole volatility. You have a lot of things. You have the market compounding month-over-month and growing month-over-month and creates a lot of noise. But in general, I would say that the market is coming back much more quickly than anybody would have thought of certainly six, nine months ago. It's incredibly good to see. The margin profile of the businesses across Macao looks pretty strong, which would indicate to me that reinvestment rates are relatively disciplined, which is good. And I think that overall, the behavior in the market is quite rational. So, I think the next couple of months, the next quarter, quarter and a half, I think will be telling to see what the pace and size of the recovery is. If you -- I mean you can imagine that we're run rating $22 billion of GGR right now. For us, if you kind of roll the business forward and do your modeling, what you'll find is that at around $26.5 billion of GGR, our combined properties start to produce the EBITDA -- something close to the EBITDA that they produced in 2019, which is pretty unbelievable. And so I think as you see the market continue to gain momentum, and we've all -- all of us in that market have been around the back many, many times, we've been through ups, downs and everything else, I think you'll see the concessionaires behave relatively rationally. And I think it's good for the market. It's good for us. It's good for them.
John Decree: Yes. That sounds very encouraging, Craig. Thanks so much and thanks everyone. Congratulations on a great quarter.
Craig Billings: Thank you. Appreciate it.
Julie Cameron-Doe: Thank you. Well, with that, we'll close the call. Thank you for your interest in Wynn Resorts and we look forward to sharing more information with you next quarter.
Operator: Thank you for participating on today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q4  (2023-02-08 16:15:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Wynn Resorts Fourth Quarter 2022 Earnings Call. All participants are in a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer session of todays conference. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. I will now turn the line over to Julie Cameron-Doe, Chief Financial Officer. Please go ahead.
Julie Cameron-Doe: Thank you, operator, and good afternoon, everyone. On the call with me today are Craig Billings, Brian Gullbrants, and Steve Whiteman [ph] in Las Vegas. Also on the line are Ian Coughlan, Linda Chen, Frederic Luvisutto and Jenny Holaday. I want to remind you that we may make forward-looking statements under safe harbor federal securities laws, and those statements may or may not come true. I will now turn the call over to Craig Billings.
Craig Billings: Thanks, Julie. Good afternoon, everyone, and thanks for joining us. As we prepared for this call, I looked at an old analyst note that was published after our Q4 2019 earnings. The expectation for 2022 EBITDA Wynn Las Vegas in that note was $482 million. Here we are three years in the global pandemic later and Wynn Las Vegas just printed $816 million of normalized adjusted property EBITDA, $816 million. I'm confident that this is an all-time record for a stand-alone Las Vegas strip property. And mind you, we did not deliver this result by nickel and diming on service standards and reducing staff to drive operating leverage. The team did it by focusing on what we do best. Great products, great service, great programming, and it showed in our market share and pricing power. The Wynn Las Vegas team absolutely crushed it in 2022. Our business in Vegas is stronger and more relevant than it has ever been. I'll talk more about the fourth quarter in Vegas in our outlook in a moment. Turning to several other significant events, I'd like to touch on our concession renewal and the reopening of Macau. I was in Macau for nearly three weeks in December. And after going through the then required quarantine, I was fortunate to attend the signing ceremony for our new concession. I'm proud of the plan that we put forward as part of the concession renewal and believe that the CapEx and programming we proposed will be additive to our business there over the coming years. I would like to thank the government of Macau for their faith in us. And importantly, I would like to thank the Wynn Macau team for their dedication to our business over the past three very difficult years. Fortunately, recent actions by both Macau and Mainland authorities to reopen the market give us great confidence that the difficulties are behind us and the near-term future there much brighter. Over the past several weeks, we've welcomed back an increasing number of guests as the region has reopened to travel and tourism in a meaningful way. With our premium product and service levels, we are well positioned to lead the post-COVID recovery in Macau, and our strengths were evident during the recent Chinese New Year holiday period. In the casino, mass table drop reached 95% of 2019 Chinese New Year levels with strong play across the spectrum from premium mass to core mass. In direct VIP, turnover was 40% above pre-COVID Chinese New Year levels. And importantly, we estimate that our hold-normalized GGR market share during the month of January was consistent with 2019 levels despite all the changes in the junket environment, define the expectations of those who continue to incorrectly believe that we are solely a VIP focused organization. On the non-gaming side, hotel occupancy was 96%, and our tenant retail sales increased 34% compared to Chinese New Year 2019. Overall, during the Chinese New Year period, we delivered our strongest EBITDA performance since the onset of the pandemic, approximately $4 million of normalized EBITDA per day. Turning back to Las Vegas. The team at Wynn Las Vegas turned in a fourth quarter record with $219 million of EBITDA. We saw broad-based strength across casino, hotel, F&B, entertainment and retail, all well above Q4 2021 levels, despite the difficult year-over-year comps. Our investment in people, facilities and programming and our team's deep sense of personal ownership of our business continue to drive growth. We continue to monitor economic trends and forward bookings at Wynn Las Vegas. We're encouraged that the strength we have experienced over the past several quarters has continued into Q1. Similarly, our forward-looking indicators also remain quite strong despite well-known macro concerns as room bookings are pacing at/or above pre-COVID-19 levels on substantially higher ADRs. Turning to Boston. Like Vegas, Encore had a strong quarter, generating $63 million of EBITDAR. We saw strength across the casino with record gross gaming revenue and on the non-gaming side with strong hotel revenue, driven by both ADR and occupancy. The strength has continued into the first quarter with EBITDA per day in January, largely consistent with trends we have experienced over the past few quarters. We were also pleased to launch retail sports betting at Encore Boston Harbor last week, averaging a little over 0.5 million a day in handle over the first six days, which is about 80% of the average daily handle at Wynn Las Vegas. During those six days, we also signed up about 30% more Wynn Rewards members than normal. We continue to expect the book to be a significant driver for new customer acquisition over time. We also continue to advance our plans for our upcoming development project across the street from the property that will include incremental parking, food and beverage and entertainment amenities. At Wynn Interactive, our overall EBITDA burn rate in the quarter ticked up sequentially to $28 million due to a well-publicized World Series bet that went against us. Adjusted for that single bet, burn was roughly flat. Our team continues to stay disciplined on cost while driving improved marketing efficiency. We're looking forward to the potential for a significant catalyst for WynnBET in Massachusetts with the combination of our recently launched retail book and the expected upcoming launch of online sports betting. Lastly, we are quickly advancing our planning for Wynn Al Marjan Island, our integrated resort in the UAE. We're in the late stages of programming for the resort, and I expect we will be driving piles for the foundation of the property by the middle of the year. I also expect we will share renderings, programming and plans publicly over the next few months. The more time we spend in that market, the more confident we are in the project. With that, I will now turn it over to Julie to run through some additional details on the quarter. Julie?
Julie Cameron-Doe: Thank you, Craig. At Las Vegas, we generated a fourth quarter record of $219.3 million in adjusted property EBITDA on $585.5 million of operating revenue during the quarter, lower-than-normal hold negatively impacted EBITDA by around $10.5 million in Q4. Our hotel occupancy was 89.9% in the quarter, up 350 basis points year-over-year and up 50 basis points versus Q4 2019. Importantly, we've stayed true to our luxury brand and continued to compete on quality of product and service experience with our overall ADR reaching a record $492 during Q4 2022, up 11.8% versus Q4 2021 and 53% above Q4 2019 levels. Our other non-gaming businesses saw broad-based strength across F&B, entertainment and retail, which were up nicely year-over-year and also well above pre-pandemic levels. In the casino, our Q4 2022 slot handle increased 20.9% year-over-year and was 69% above Q4 2019 levels. Similarly, our table drop was up 1.1% year-over-year and was 43% above Q4 2019 levels, despite still suppressed international play during the quarter due to COVID-related travel challenges. The team in Vegas has done a great job of controlling costs without negatively impacting the guest experience, delivering adjusted property EBITDA margin of 37.4% in the quarter. On a hold-normalized basis, our EBITDA margin was up approximately 1,300 basis points compared to Q4 2019. OpEx, excluding gaming tax per day was $3.8 million in Q4 2022, up 25% compared to Q4 2019 levels but well below the 59% increase in operating revenue. In Boston, before getting into the details, I'd like to point out that following the closing of the sale leaseback transaction on December 1, we're now reporting adjusted property EBITDAR for this business. In Q4 2022, we generated adjusted property EBITDA of $63.3 million with EBITDA margin of 29%. We saw broad-based strength across casino and nongaming during the quarter. In the casino, we generated $190 million of GGR, a property record with strength in both tables and slots. Our nongaming revenue grew 13% year-over-year to a record $56.8 million with particular strength in the hotels, driven by 93.9% occupancy and a $404 ADR. We've stayed very disciplined on the cost side with OpEx, excluding gaming tax per day of approximately $1.17 million in Q4 2022. This was a decrease of over 8% compared to $1.3 million per day in Q4 2019 and up modestly relative to Q3 2022. As we've discussed on prior calls, the year-over-year EBITDA and OpEx comps were impacted by a combination of contractual labor agreements, which added around $45,000 per day to our OpEx base, beginning late in Q2 2022, along with a nonrecurring benefit of $2 million in Q4 last year. We're well positioned to drive strong operating leverage as we continue to grow the top line over time. Our Macau operations delivered an EBITDA loss of $59.1 million in the quarter on $190.3 million of operating revenues. Lower than normal hold negatively impacted EBITDA by around $25 million in Q4. While the COVID situation in the region was challenging during Q4, as Craig noted, we were encouraged by the meaningful uptick in visitation and demand we experienced during the recent Chinese holiday period. Our OpEx, excluding gaming tax, was approximately $2 million per day in Q4, a decrease compared to $2.4 million in Q4 2021. The team has done a great job remaining disciplined on costs in a difficult operating environment. Longer term, we are well positioned to drive strong operating leverage as the business recovers over time. In terms of the new concession, we approached the tender process very prudently, carefully balancing our commitments to the government with our responsibilities to our shareholders and, of course, our liquidity position. We're currently advancing through the design and planning stages, but these projects require a number of government approvals creating a wide range of potential CapEx in the very near term. As such, for 2023, we expect CapEx related to our concession commitments to range between $50 million to $220 million. Our future non-gaming investments, including new center set to be home of a unique spectacle show and innovative food halls and an events and entertainment center. As Craig noted, we believe these investments play into our strength as we have a demonstrated track record of introducing innovative non-gaming investments that drive increased tourism and ultimately, strong shareholder returns. Turning to Wynn Interactive. Our EBITDA burn rate increased sequentially to $28.3 million in Q4 2022. However, adjusting for the well-publicized World Series bet that Craig mentioned, it was roughly flat with our Q3 2022 burn rate of $17.7 million. The team continues to control costs while driving improved marketing efficiencies. Moving on to the balance sheet. Our liquidity position remains very strong with global cash and revolver availability of approximately $4.5 billion as of December 31. This was comprised of $952 million of total cash and available liquidity in Macau and $3.5 billion in the U.S. These numbers exclude the undrawn $500 million intercompany revolving credit facility Wynn Resorts entered into with Wynn Macau. We were pleased to close the sale leaseback transaction for the real estate of Encore Boston Harbor on December 1 with gross proceeds of $1.7 billion, further bolstering our already strong liquidity position. Importantly, the combination of very strong performance in Las Vegas and Boston, with the properties generating $1.04 billion of adjusted property EBITDA during 2022 together with our robust liquidity, creates a very healthy leverage profile in the U.S. With our properties performing well in each of our markets and our robust liquidity, I'd like to note our intention to repay our upcoming May 2023, Wynn Las Vegas bond maturity with cash from the balance sheet, reducing our domestic gross leverage by $500 million. Finally, our CapEx in the quarter was $27 million, primarily related to normal course maintenance. With that, we'll now open up the call to Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Carlo Santarelli with Deutsche Bank.
Carlo Santarelli: Craig, Julie, whoever wants to kind of take this one. Craig, I know you spoke a little bit about kind of what you guys saw in Macau during Chinese New Year. To the extent you're willing to kind of comment on what you've seen in the aftermath and kind of the weeks following the holiday, that would be great.
Craig Billings: Sure. Thanks, Carlo. It's been pretty good, actually. Frederic, do you want to take -- do you want to provide a little more color on that?
Frederic Luvisutto: Sure, Craig. Thank you, Carlo. We have seen typically after post Chinese New Year in the past, the period does see a slowdown. But we have been very encouraged to see the business remaining very, very strong with mass gaming, direct VIP and retail sales better than previously similar period in the past. So, we have seen the resilience of the business post Chinese New Year, I'm very encouraged with that.
Carlo Santarelli: Great. Thank you. That's helpful. And then, Craig, you talked a little bit about, obviously, what you saw on the VIP side. I believe you said direct VIP was 40% above or so. That was 2019 Chinese New Year levels. Can you comment at all as to what the experience has been with whatever junket VIP there is in the market today?
Craig Billings: Yes. There was some junket activity over the course of Chinese New Year. Obviously, the situation has changed a lot from the pre-COVID period. I think it's actually a little bit too early to call out what role the gaming promoters and the junkets will play in the market, but there certainly was some activity.
Operator: Our next caller is Joe Greff with JPMorgan.
Joe Greff: Sort of following on Carlo's question, on what you saw in Chinese New Years in the period. Since then, can you talk about the migration of the junket VIP business into the direct and into the premium mass component of your mass business? How do you -- so do you think -- what otherwise would have been the junket, what percentage of that do you think is migrating versus maybe not coming back quite yet?
Craig Billings: I think it's -- Joe, I think it's way too early to be talking about percentages given the market really just fully reopened on January 8th, so really a month now. We certainly are seeing former junket customers migrate into both, premium mass and into direct. Remember, direct is tricky because there you're talking about credit extension. And so you have to be quite prudent in how you manage the direct business. But unfortunately, it's just a little too early. What I would say is volumes came back, volumes came back strong. The narrative that we're VIP focused, I think, proves to be pretty false. We competed very strongly during the Chinese New Year period, and we're incredibly proud of the results that we had.
Joe Greff: And when you look back in 2019, we always thought that the direct VIP component was something around 10% to 20% of the total VIP turnovers. Are we fair in picking that? Can you remind us of that?
Craig Billings: You are. You are.
Joe Greff: Okay. Thats all for me. Thank you.
Operator: Our next caller is Shaun Kelley with Bank of America.
Shaun Kelley: Just was hoping to get a little bit more color on maybe the cost and margin picture as things start to rebound in Macau. Julie, I think in the prepared remarks, you mentioned you were down around $2 million a day in the fourth quarter in Macau, if I called it correctly, down from $2.4 million back in 2019. Just as you're sort of re-ramping, I mean, I think we all really underappreciated the amount of operating leverage that was going to happen in certain markets in the United States, and kind of trying to put some of the tea leaves together around how this may play out for Macau. So just any kind of thoughts on expenses and margins as the recovery begins here?
Julie Cameron-Doe: Sure. Yes, you're correct, Shaun. We did talk to our OpEx per day in Q4 with $2 million, which was down from $2.4 million the year prior. We worked really hard last year to preserve cash and to manage OpEx down while we were closed. So obviously, that's not representative of how things will be necessarily moving forward. As you know, we're fully open now and staffing full time in different F&B outlets and so on. So, where that shakes out in terms of margin, it's really going to depend on the mix of business that comes back in that market. It's pretty much the same answer we give when we're asked about margin in Vegas. It's very much mix dependent. And we don't manage our business on margin. That's really the outcome. We manage to our brand, and we staff accordingly. And we're very tight in terms of staffing. We're very focused on doing that appropriately, and we're very focused on -- but we're very, very focused on our service delivery centers as well.
Craig Billings: And I would just add, it's primarily a mass mix now. So, you're going to have -- that's inherently higher margin. And a portion of the cost savings that we implemented during the COVID period, which, thank God is long behind us, we will maintain. So, the margin profile should be healthy. So again, it's -- we're really talking about a couple of weeks here. So, it's a little bit early to start forecasting specific margins.
Shaun Kelley: Great. Understood. And then maybe just the follow-up. Another thing that kind of came up in the prepared remarks was the CapEx outlook in Macau, and I think you gave a pretty wide range. Can you just kind of talk about what would sort of dictate maybe the high versus the low? What are some of the different either projects that could get underway or things that could impact the outcome of the range that you discussed?
Julie Cameron-Doe: Sure. So, I think just taking a step back, if you think about our total commitment when we put through our concession proposal, we've committed to $2.2 billion over 10 years. And that's -- obviously, that's a mix of CapEx and OpEx. But we're very focused on getting the CapEx done as quickly as possible so that we can start to drive strong returns from it. The limiting factor is really the approval that we need locally to break ground and build anything. So, it's really not in our hands. That's why we've given such a wide range because from our perspective, we're pacing towards getting through our D&D and designing everything, but we have to go through government approvals for anything that's construction related. So, the range we gave was $50 million to $220 million.
Operator: Thank you. Our next caller is David Katz with Jefferies.
Cassandra Lee: Hi. This is Cassandra on behalf of David. You mentioned that digital was nearly broke even in the fourth quarter, excluding the -- resorts. Can you discuss the upcoming launches and whether we should expect the business to inflect to profit this year?
Craig Billings: Sure. The upcoming -- the most significant upcoming launch is Massachusetts, where obviously, we have Encore Boston Harbor, and I would hope and expect that we will have a reasonable market share because of that -- the presence of that property as our competitors have in other markets. We are driving the business as hard as we can while being prudent. I would expect some point of inflection in late 2023, depending upon how much user -- money good user acquisition we do in Massachusetts, but we have the burn at this point, really, really well under control. And again, as we talked about before, the long-term strategy is really focused on Massachusetts and positioning ourselves for iGaming, which would make the business accretive to our land-based resorts.
Cassandra Lee: Great. If I may follow up. Can you talk about your upcoming maturity? And any thoughts about tapping to the capital market now since we have seen some activity in the last few weeks?
Craig Billings: I think Julie just mentioned in the prepared remarks that we're going to pay down our upcoming maturity with cash on the balance sheet.
Operator: Our next caller is Robin Farley with UBS.
Robin Farley: I wonder just circling back to how things are trending post Chinese New Year, obviously really strong numbers through the holiday. There's been chatter that the drop-off in the market overall, it was a little bit more than seasonal. So, I wonder if you could sort of give your take on that. Is it reasonable to think that there'll just be kind of increased volatility maybe around kind of shoulder periods, or I guess, how would you kind of frame that more than normal for the seasonal drop-off post the holiday?
Craig Billings: Hi Robin. Yes, I'm not sure you've been talking to, Frederic just mentioned that actually we've been performing above what we would normally see during that drop-off period.
Robin Farley: But when you say performing above, I didnt know if that was a combination of you talked about your expenses being down, and so it could be overall EBITDA. But just wondering on the...
Craig Billings: No. He was talking business volumes.
Robin Farley: Okay. So, would you then assume that that's a growth in market share? In other words, what's your take on sort of the overall market volatility that maybe you're gaining share in, it sounds like in that period, but just your take on this.
Craig Billings: It's a week, right? In the grand scheme of things, it's a week. So, it's hard to read any tea leaves in a week. What I would say is that the market roared back, Macau was a rager on the mass side, on the direct VIP side, on the retail side and on the occupancy side during Chinese New Year, and it outperformed our expectations for the lull period shortly thereafter. Anything beyond that, it's just too early to read.
Robin Farley: Okay. And just to clarify, when you say it outperformed your expectations, but you meant specifically that it was a better sequential drop off than what you'd seen in '19 or just better than what your expectations were for this year?
Craig Billings: The former.
Operator: Our next question is Daniel Politzer, you may go ahead, from Wells Fargo.
Daniel Politzer: I wanted to circle back on the $4 million EBITDA per day for Chinese New Year that you mentioned. Is there any way you could put that into historical context, I don't know what it was in 2019 or during other Golden Week or Chinese New York periods?
Craig Billings: Yes, it would have been -- I don't remember if we've quoted it previously. So, I want to be careful in terms of prior disclosure. But it's substantial relative to prior periods. It's not -- it's certainly not where we peak. I'll put it to you that way, because the junket contribution wasn't there this year. And that was, call it, $700 million to $1 million of EBITDA in a normal Chinese New Year. I think the point is, it's a substantial number, given that the market really opened at the beginning of January, and it gives us confidence in the remainder of 2023 and beyond.
Daniel Politzer: Understood. And then, just pivoting to Las Vegas. I mean, to what extent since China is effectively reopened, have you seen that high-end Asia business kind of resurface your Vegas property?
Craig Billings: Too early to say. I mean, our box [ph] drop in the fourth quarter was pretty strong. So, we've been doing pretty well on the back of domestic box [ph] business. And in fact, those folks from the region that chose to sit it out -- sit COVID out over here. So again, a little bit early to say. You have to go through the process of getting a visa, you have to arrange travel, et cetera, et cetera. But certainly, international travel is a tailwind that we hope to see in Vegas in 2023 given that really in 2022, it was only -- the only real inbound visitation was some from Europe and from Latin America.
Julie Cameron-Doe: Operator, the next question will be the last one.
Operator: And our last question comes from Stephen Grambling with Morgan Stanley.
Stephen Grambling: I may have missed this. But in Las Vegas, can you just provide any additional color on what you're seeing in terms of forward bookings, not only in -- I guess, the first quarter should be particularly strong, but even as we look out over the course of the year, what you're seeing, and any expectations as it relates to kind of convention mix?
Craig Billings: Sure. I'll start, and then I'll ask Brian to comment. So first and foremost, we have been really intentional over the past year and how we've approached our business in Las Vegas. Our business here is more relevant with the best customers than ever before. And so even with the tailwinds, we've outperformed, yet we're keenly aware of the broader economic environment from interest rates to gas prices to layoffs, and we have a 2023 playbook for any number of economic scenarios. Brian, do you want to talk about your view on 2023 and then perhaps dig a little bit more into convention?
Brian Gullbrants: Absolutely. As we look to '23, not only were we pacing strong coming out of '22 going into '23, has just accelerated. I'm so excited about what we've got coming in '23. When you look at it, we've got the best teams in the business. We've got the best assets in the business. In Vegas, we've got strong pace of group, particularly as we look forward into '23 and then even beyond. Q1 may be a record for us. It's just really done well. We have strong pricing power in every channel. We got a new show we just launched with Awakening. We've got several projects coming in '23 that are really exciting. And then we kind of kicked things at the end, up a notch with F1 in November. So our outlook for the year, pending no other macroeconomic impacts looks pretty good. We're feeling pretty good about what we can see right now. So on the group side, very strong.
Craig Billings: We're doing really well on what we can control. We don't control the macro economy. That's a fact. So, how that flows, I don't know. But we're feeling good about our business here.
Stephen Grambling: Fair enough. Then if I can just sneak in a quick follow-up on Macau. As you think about how to grow the direct VIP business, you're thinking about that as an opportunity. Is one way to think through maybe some of the customers whore used to that, both VIP and in the mass market segment as a target customer? And is there any way to frame how big that business could grow?
Craig Billings: Every customer is unique. And so, it's really difficult. If I had a broad strokes playbook, I probably wouldn't share it on a public call. But every customer is unique. And so, the ecosystem now, which is comprised of junkets but different, promoters and us, it gives us the ability to address a subsegment of those junket customers. Some of them, they're going to -- it's going to take years to figure out. But certainly, a portion of those will migrate into our direct business. You saw it over Chinese New Year. And some of them will migrate into premium mass. But I don't think there's a broad swath playbook that we can talk about.
Julie Cameron-Doe: Okay. Well, with that, we'll now close the call. Thank you all for your time today and your support of Wynn Resorts. We look forward to updating you very soon.
Craig Billings: Thanks, everybody.
Operator: Thank you for participating on today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-11-09 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Wynn Resorts Third Quarter 2022 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions]  And I will now turn the line over to Julie Cameron-Doe, Chief Financial Officer. Please go ahead.
Julie Cameron-Doe: Thank you, operator, and good afternoon, everyone. On the call with me today are Craig Billings and Brian Gullbrants in Las Vegas. Also on the line are Ian Coughlan, Linda Chen, Frederic Luvisutto and Jenny Holaday. I want to remind you that we may make forward-looking statements under safe harbor federal securities laws, and those statements may or may not come true.  I will now turn the call over to Craig Billings.
Craig Billings: Thanks, Julie. Good afternoon, everyone, and thanks for joining us today. Before I get into the quarter, I'd like to thank the cast, crew and producers of Awakening, our new show in Las Vegas, which successfully opened on Monday. The show is yet another example of our willingness to innovate and push the envelope to drive the straight forward. I'm incredibly proud of the team behind the shelf. I'll kick off in Las Vegas, where the team turned in a third quarter record with a $196 million of EBITDA or approximately $207 million adjusted for lower-than-normal holds. We saw broad-based strength across casino, hotel, food and beverage and retail, all well above third quarter 2021 levels despite the difficult year-over-year comps. The comparison to third quarter 2019 is even more impressive with our EBITDA more than doubling on a 36% increase in revenue. Our investment in people, facilities and programming and our team's deep sense of ownership continue to elevate in Las Vegas above our peers. This quarter once again highlights the benefit of that deliberate investment strategy. Looking ahead, encouraged that the strength we have experienced over the past several quarters has continued into the fourth quarter. In fact, our EBITDA during October was an all-time monthly record for the property. Similarly, our forward-looking indicators also remain quite strong despite well-known macro concerns as room bookings are pacing at or above pre-COVID levels on substantially higher ADRs. Near term, we expect the normal seasonal pattern to hold during the remainder of Q4, with some of the usual softness surrounding Thanksgiving, followed by a strong close to the year in the latter half of December. Turning to Boston, like Vegas, Encore had a strong quarter, generating $61 million of EBITDA. We saw strength across the casino with record gross gaming revenue and on the non-gaming side with record hotel revenue driven by strength in both ADR and occupancy. These trends have continued into Q4, with EBITDA per day in October, consistent with the third quarter levels. Looking ahead, we remain excited about sports betting in the Commonwealth, which is expected to kick off early next year. Our retail sports book there will soon be a significant opportunity for customer acquisition. We also continue to finalize our plans for our upcoming development project across the street from the property that will add incremental parking, food and beverage and entertainment amenities. In Macau, the market continues to be challenging with market-wide GGR in the third quarter, only reaching approximately 8% of the third quarter of 2019 levels, and our results have reflected that. Our team has done a fantastic job controlling costs in a very challenging operating environment through a combination of decreases in payroll and fixed OpEx. As a result, despite the nearly two-week closure of casinos in the market in July, our overall EBITDA loss in the third quarter was $66 million, which was a meaningful improvement from a loss of $90 million in the second quarter even after adjusting for a $7 million bad debt credit that benefited the results in the third quarter. More recently, we did see some encouraging pockets of demand during the October holiday period, particularly in our direct VIP business, where turnover was actually slightly above the comparable 2019 holiday period; and in our retail business, where tenant sales reached 74% of 2019 levels. This once again highlights the strong demand for Macau's unique tourism offering during periods when the market is accessible. The authority in Macau continued to advance the concession process according to the preestablished timeline. We were pleased to submit our concession tender application in September and the government is currently reviewing the proposals with decisions expected to be made by year-end. Long term, we remain excited about the prospects from Macau with so much pent-up demand for travel and tourism in Asia. At Wynn Interactive, our overall EBITDA burn rate declined to $18 million in Q3 from $21 million in the second quarter of 2022 on the back of strong cost controls and improved marketing efficiency. We are looking forward to the potential for a significant catalyst for Wynn there in Massachusetts. Lastly, we're advancing quickly on our planning for Wynn Marjan, our integrated resort in the UAE. We're in the late stages of programming for the resort. Given the pristine beach setting and the somewhat nature of a man-made island, we have incredible canvas with which to work and design something truly unique. I expect we will share renderings, programming and plans more publicly in early 2023. I also expect we will be driving piles for the foundation of the property by the middle of next year. We look forward to sharing more details with you about this exciting project in due course. With that, I'll turn it back to Julie to run through some additional details on the quarter.
Julie Cameron-Doe : Thank you, Craig. At Wynn Las Vegas, we generated a third quarter record of $195.8 million in adjusted property EBITDA on $544.4 million of operating revenue during the quarter. Lower-than-normal hold negatively impacted EBITDA by around $12 million in Q3. Our hotel occupancy was 88.8% in the quarter, up 580 basis points year-over-year and up 90 basis points versus Q3 2019. Importantly, we've stayed true to our luxury brand and continue to compete on quality of product and service experience, with our overall ADR reaching $426 during Q3 2022, up 8.7% versus Q3 2021 and 39% above Q3 2019 levels. Our other non-gaming businesses saw broad-based strength across food and beverage and retail, which were up nicely year-over-year and also well above pre-pandemic levels. In the casino, our Q3 2022 slot handle increased 31.6% year-over-year and was 72.2% above Q3 2019 levels. Similarly, our table drop were up 12.5% year-over-year, and was 32.4% above Q3 2019 levels despite still suppressed international play during the quarter due to COVID-related travel challenges. The team in Vegas has done a great job of controlling costs without negatively impacting the guest experience, delivering adjusted property EBITDA margin of 36% in the quarter. On a hold-normalized basis, our EBITDA margin was up approximately 1,300 basis points compared to Q3 2019. OpEx, excluding gaming tax per day was $3.6 million in Q3 2022, up 10% compared to Q3 2019 levels, but well below the 36% increase in revenue due to lower headcount and broad-based cost efficiencies in areas that do not impact the guest experience. We remain committed to maintaining a cost structure that appropriately balances margins and our exacting service standards.  In Boston, we generated adjusted property EBITDA of $61.1 million in Q3 2022 with EBITDA margin of 28.9%. We saw broadband across casino and nongaming during the quarter. In the casino, we generated $184 million of GGR, a property record with strength in both tables and slots. Our nongaming revenue grew 33% year-over-year, with particular strength in the hotel, driven by 97% occupancy and a $398 ADR. We stayed very disciplined on the cost side with OpEx, excluding gaming tax per day of approximately $1.1 million in Q3 2022. This was a decrease of over 10% compared to $1.3 million per day in Q4 2019 and broadly in line with Q2 2022.  As we've discussed on prior calls, the year-over-year EBITDA and OpEx comps were impacted by a combination of contractual labor agreements, which added around $45,000 per day to our OpEx base beginning late in Q2 2022, along with a onetime benefit of $3 million in Q3 of last year. We're well positioned to drive strong operating leverage as we continue to grow the top line over time.  Our Macau operations delivered an EBITDA loss of $65.6 million in the quarter on $115.6 million of operating revenue as the COVID situation in the region has continued to suppress visitation. As Craig noted, while the business has remained challenging, we experienced some encouraging pockets of demand during the October Golden Week holiday period, particularly in our direct VIP and retail businesses. Our OpEx, excluding gaming tax, was approximately $1.6 million per day in Q3, a sequential decrease compared to $1.9 million per day in Q2 2022. The team has done a great job remaining disciplined on costs in a difficult operating environment. Longer term, we're well positioned to drive strong operating leverage as the business recovers over time.  Turning to Wynn Interactive, our EBITDA burn rate improved to $17.7 million in Q3 2022, from $1 million in Q2 2022, primarily driven by improved marketing efficiency and disciplined OpEx control.  Moving on to the balance sheet. Our liquidity position remains very strong with global cash and revolver availability of approximately $2.8 billion as of September 30. This was comprised of $997 million of total cash and available liquidity in Macau and $1.8 billion in the U.S. These numbers exclude the undrawn $500 million intercompany revolving credit facility when resorts entered into with Wynn Macau. Our previously announced sale leaseback transaction for the real estate of Encore Boston Harbor remains on track to close before the end of the year. Pro forma for the transaction, we have approximately $4.4 billion of consolidated global cash and liquidity.  Importantly, the combination of very strong performance in Las Vegas and Boston, with the properties generating trailing 12-month EBITDA of over $1 billion, together with our robust liquidity, creates a very healthy pro forma leverage profile in the U.S.  Finally, our CapEx in the quarter was $87 million, primarily related to the Awakening theater at Wynn Las Vegas and normal course maintenance. With that, we will now open up the call to Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Carlo Santarelli with Deutsche Bank.
Carlo Santarelli : Guys, I just wanted to kind of talk a little bit about what both of you mentioned as it pertain to the uptick that you're seeing in Macau. How much of that at this point do you think you could perhaps -- and I understand it's kind of direct VIPs, so a smaller number of players can really move the needle. But how much of a change have you seen since the Visa policies were tweaked a little bit? And with respect to the comments you made on nongaming, is there potentially something that's kind of brewing, that's swiftening the pace a little bit of the return of customers?
Craig Billings : Hi, Carlo. Sure, I'll start, and then I'll ask Ian to comment. I think on the latter portion of your question, with Hong Kong being accessible, I think you've seen pretty reasonable retail sales in Macau, given it's more accessible than Hong Kong. And I think that's just a natural -- that's just a natural outcome of accessibility. With respect to your -- the former part of your question, I mean it's like squeezing air in a balloon, right? The demand has to go somewhere. And so we weren't surprised to see an uptick in direct VIP growth in light of the market having no junkets. So I don't think either one of them were surprising to us. We've seen it before. We've -- over the course of the past year, when there have been pockets of demand. Ian, would you add anything to that?
Ian Coughlan : I'd just like to clarify that for e-Visas they haven't really gotten moving yet, they reopened on the 1st of November. So it wouldn't have had an effect on October activity. So the activity that we saw in our VIP area and premium is linked to a certain extent to returning former junket players. We also saw a Chinese New Year. So we believe it's our premium positioning in the market and the facility and services that we offer make us attractive to those players, and there will be a return of them in the future.
Carlo Santarelli : Great. And while you're there, is it possible that we will hear something? I know you guys certainly said by year-end as it pertains to the granting of the concessions. Is it possible that between here and there, seven, eight weeks away, that we will hear some contingent licenses being handed out?
Craig Billings : Sorry, anything is possible, Carlo, but the pre-established timeline has been year-end.
Carlo Santarelli : Great. And then, Craig, while I have you -- I know you mentioned a little bit of development on the UAE and obviously, some ground break next year with more color in the first quarter of ['13]. But could you talk a little bit about the progress in your learnings maybe at this stage, anything incremental you could share on that front?
Craig Billings : Yes, sure. I think I mentioned on a previous call that the more time we spend over there, and I was just over there recently, the more we believe in the nongaming elements of that market. It's a tremendous nongaming leisure and luxury market. And as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we're in the pretty late stages now of programming. So essentially determining what we're going to build, not how it's going to look per se. And given that it's a man-made island without any existing development, it's an incredibly flexible location on which to plan. For example, if you want to move a beach, you move a beach. So it's a really exciting project. And we've sought to maximize the relationship of the facility to its surroundings, particularly in the nongaming amenities like food and beverage wellness and really take advantage of such a unique location. Meanwhile, the casino component, where at least for some period of time, we will be operating on our own, which makes it quite exciting is shaping up to be somewhat larger than Wynn Las Vegas, but with numerous pockets of energy and compression. And so striking that balance is important. When you think about a market like that where you for some period of time, we will be the only operator, you certainly don't want to underbuild the casino, but you want to maintain that sense of energy. So I think the property is going to be a stunner, and we look forward to sharing more in early 2023.
Operator: The next question is from Joe Greff with JPMorgan.
Joseph Greff : I was hoping you can talk about Las Vegas, Craig, and a way that's going to be a little bit different than how you and your strip peers talked about trends up until recently, specifically about programming. Can you discuss maybe in this way, that would be helpful as we try to ascertain the sustainability of currently strong trends. Can you talk about how many programming events do you have for the first half of next year versus the first half of this year if visibility stretches out for the full year of next year? And can you compare that to full year of '22? Is there a general rule of thumb relating to incremental revenues of an average programming event?
Craig Billings : Sure. Look, I think this, Las Vegas has done programming for years in some form or fashion. And I think as we emerged from COVID, we were, in many cases, a better location in terms of accessibility, openness, match, et cetera, et cetera, than some of our adjacent markets, particularly California, I think the trend towards programming and the willingness of a higher value customer to pop over to Las Vegas for a particular event increased meaningfully.  And so what I think -- and by the way, at the same time, you obviously had a number of sports teams that had emerged in Las Vegas, notably the Raiders who drive a tremendous amount of visitation. And so I think in general, the town has become quite good at really looking at every weekend or every two weeks is an opportunity to program something. The journey for us, I think, is slightly different, right? We don't think of programming is purely transactional. Who are we going to plug into a particular theater on a particular day. For us, it's more holistic. How can we leverage all of the assets that we have in this building, including the golf course, which we've used to great success with the match with the recent Concours d'Elegance car show that we drummed up and originated here.  And so how do we use the property as a stage? We think about that all the time now. And so I don't have a heuristic for you, where I can quote to you x number of events per year because really we're focused on it every single week. But it's certainly -- it more than just revenue to the property, right? It is -- it makes you the CNBC in spot. And that's important because marketing is no longer about billboards. It's about television commercials. It's about content. And so we've been incredibly good at creating content. And it doesn't hurt that during the pandemic, we continued to invest in this property and invest in our people. And so we're firing on every single cylinder here, and I think it shows in the numbers and programming is a piece of it.
Joseph Greff : Great. And then, Craig, my second question relates to a topic that you might be limited in fully answering. We also have Tilman for filing 13G filing last week. So my questions are: one, have you had any conversations with them. Obviously, you talk with investors in respective shareholders all the time. Two, what has he communicated to the reason for his sizable stake in Wynn, and can you share that?
Craig Billings : Well, I guess what I can say is kudos to him because he's done quite well. Since he appears to have started acquiring in the second quarter when the stock was excessively cheap. It's actually right around when we were buying back some stock as well that we reported in our second quarter Q. Based on what we've seen watching our share register as we do constantly, sometime in Q2 began seeing accumulations really by certain banks that have traditionally been associated with derivative transactions like total return swaps, things like that. And we watch those banks established positions in our stock, and we were well aware of them. All in all, I think it's just a great recognition of the value in our equity, but there's not much more to say beyond that.
Operator: The next question is from Shaun Kelley with Bank of America. 
Shaun Kelley : Craig, just wanted to go a little deeper on Las Vegas. We talked about sort of the top line side, a little bit the outlook there. Can we talk about sort of labor and OpEx trends, I think hold notwithstanding in the quarter? Operating expenses were up a little bit. Can you just help us think about the puts and takes here as some of the nongaming mix continues to come back, some of the group in banquet and catering stuff, the show comes in and has a bigger contribution? Can you help us think about sort of the balance of those as we move into next year, and we're starting to lap a really strong margin and rate -- average daily rate performance in 22? I'm sure there's a different impact for dollars than for margins. So maybe help us think about some of that as we look out next year.
Craig Billings : Yes, sure. I'll turn that one over to Brian.
Brian Gullbrants : Sure. Thanks, Shaun. Our team has really been incredibly disciplined over this last year and even before that coming out of the pandemic with respect to OpEx. We've driven real strong revenues. The EBIT and EBITDA margin, as you can see, has been quite strong and in comparison to Q3 '19, amazing performance. So I think this has all been done by us really balancing the revenue, in our cost base and most importantly, our brand and really being conscious of that. There's an impact from the seasonality of where we're at. Our hold, obviously, was a little down this last quarter, in labor being very well controlled by the team. And I think that we can continue to see margin expansion versus '19 at almost any given revenue level. But the team has really been balanced on focusing on the revenue, the cost base and our brand, and we've seen great growth. As far as ADR, we've seen very little resistance, as you're filing, I'm sure you are. We've leveraged as much we pushed as hard as we can and kudos to our revenue team and sales team, they're absolutely crushing it. We are seeing incredible records on our side for ADRs. And that's not just on the transient side. We're seeing that in group across every segment.
Craig Billings : And I would just add to that. As you know, Shaun, we don't target margin in any particular quarter, right? We target prudent management of our resources in order to deliver an experience that is consistent with the brand. We learned a lot during COVID, a lot. We are more nimble than we have ever been with respect to OpEx. And so we're running the business with less people. We're delivering on the brand promise as well as or better than we have historically, and that's how we manage the business.
Shaun Kelley : Great. And for my follow-up, maybe for Ian. Just obviously, the e-Visa channel did open, I believe, on November 1. Has there been any notable change or anything you could just say about traffic levels because that's obviously material area that has been shut down for a very long period of time at this point. And if not, are there some counterbalancing forces we need to be aware of? I know there have been a decent number of lockdowns and COVID outbreaks that also could have some impact here. So just what are you seeing on the ground?
Craig Billings : Ian, you want to take that?
Ian Coughlan : Shaun, we've -- we're very impressed with the government's reaction to the recent outbreak in Macau. When we had an outbreak in the summer, and we had a casino closure, there was a six-week cycle of closure and recovery. And the government has managed to turn it around in two weeks this time. So we are starting to see a buildup in occupancy this coming weekend. So we're coming out of our recent outbreak, and I believe we will see the e-Visas trickle-in in the next couple of weeks and then pick up pace in the coming months.
Operator: The next question is from David Katz with Jefferies.
Cassandra Lee: This is Cassandra on behalf of David. Can we talk about digital wagering? I think some operators talked about October being close to breakeven or even EBITDA positive. Can you provide any update or incremental clarity on when you think the business may profit?
Craig Billings : Sure. So look, in the long term, we think about this business, as I've said on prior calls, we think about it really over the longer term. And in particular, iCasino, where we've had pretty reasonable success and our brand has real currency. As we've said before, what we aren't -- and I think we were the first to say so. What we aren't willing to do is burn billions of dollars between now and then, and we've done that. If you look at our results for Q3 year-over-year, we had almost the same total handle in both Q3 2022 and Q3 2021 on a 90% reduction in marketing spend and an 80% reduction in burn. Because our initial customer cohorts continue to play with us, generating revenue, and we're being very thoughtful with respect to user acquisition and promos. With Massachusetts coming up, I would expect a modest uptick in UA, but nothing earth shattering because we have a sizable database there. And we're highly likely to have retail sports betting without mobile for a while. So the goals at this point are to launch Massachusetts, and as you said, achieved breakeven and then grow as the market does, particularly in iGaming, where again, our brand has currency, and we can ultimately drive the best digital customers to Wynn Las Vegas and Encore Boston Harbor. So we're not calling the EBITDA breakeven point yet. But I mean, if you look at our numbers, we're getting pretty close.
Cassandra Lee: Great. And for the follow-up, have there been any updated thoughts on the excess land you have in Las Vegas? What are some kind of strategies that could activate the value there?
Craig Billings : Look, we're focused -- the type of design and development that we do, you can't spread yourself too thin. So we're very focused right now on the UAE and getting that right. It's a tremendous, very high return opportunity for us we expect. And so that's really the sign of our -- that's really the focus of our design and development efforts at the moment.
Operator: The next question is from Dan Politzer with Wells Fargo.
Daniel Politzer : So in Las Vegas, you talked a little bit about the programming benefits and going forward, how should we should be thinking about that. As you think about -- along with that, the group and convention business coming back and into 2023 and the occupancy uplift, is it fair to give you guys that full 5 points credit going forward starting next year? Or is that something that's going to be phased in more gradually?
Craig Billings : We don't -- again, we don't really talk about forward guidance, so I can't translate it into basis points. What I would say in general is that you're right. The group in convention business during the earlier portion of this year was a little bit thinner or certainly concentrated in very specific pockets. And over the course of really the past one month, 1.5 months or so, we've seen the business come back more fully. So that certainly is an occupancy tailwind, but quantifying it at this point, we're not -- we don't do that.
Daniel Politzer : Understood. And then in terms of capital allocation, you're set to receive the proceeds from the Encore Boston sale leaseback in the fourth quarter. How -- did that change your thinking in terms of allocating capital or in terms of how much you're buying back in terms of stock or maybe even a special dividend?
Craig Billings : Well, the recurring dividend is really the cornerstone of our strategy, and it always has been and certainly was pre-COVID. Our U.S. business is generating very, very healthy cash flow. And our high ROIC development projects, UAE, the development we're doing adjacent to Boston, the press has reported that we're interested in New York, those are well funded given particularly the cash infusion that you just referenced. The resumption of recurring dividend really hinges on the recovery of Macau. So I think it's a little too early to be talking about significant changes in capital allocation policy, pending the return of Macau, which hopefully is over the next several quarters. So stay tuned.
Operator: The next question is from Robin Farley with UBS.
Robin Farley : Can you kind of remind us what your interest level is in the potential New York side at this point?
Craig Billings : Yes. I mean we -- sure, Robin. So we are all about gateway cities, marquee developments, battleship assets. And so yes, we're always interested in locations like New York. The devil is in the details, of course, when it comes to what the upfront license payment ends up being, what the tax rate ends up being, what the detailed regulations end up being. But yes, of course, we're interested in New York as has been reported in the press.
Robin Farley : But you wouldn't necessarily give any more detail in terms of like potential location or timing expectation?
Craig Billings : I think it's been reported that we are working with related which is Hudson Yards.
Robin Farley : Right. And anything in terms of your timing expectations?
Craig Billings : It's really dependent on the process. The RFP has yet to drop.
Julie Cameron-Doe : Thank you, operator. We'll take one last question. 
Operator: Our final question is from Brandt Montour with Barclays.
Brandt Montour : So your margin story was really, really good here this quarter, and you gave a stat on OpEx per day growth from '19 of up 10%. And I was curious if we could look at that number on a CAGR basis and sort of get any comfortability around your ability to manage to that growth rate? Or if -- and I guess what I'm getting at is inflation picking up going to sort of impact that going forward.
Craig Billings Wynn Resorts, Limited  CEO, Treasurer & Director: Well, look, I'll take this one, Julie. So first, you have to think back to our experience during COVID and kind of work forward. So as we emerge from COVID, we were forced actually to become much more disciplined in terms of how we looked at costs. Now we have always delivered the best guest experience in the business. And the challenge that we had was making sure that we continue to do that, but frankly, on a lower FTE count. And we've carried that on. So we're down FTEs relative to '19, even in this quarter and even in last quarter, when we printed nearly $240 million in EBITDA. So when you look at our OpEx per day now, a lot of it is variable and directly related to revenue.  To your point on inflation, inflation works two ways in our business, right? The price of a hotel room can be adjusted every minute of every day. And that's one of the benefits of a business like ours. And so we feel good about our ability to manage labor costs. Now we have a portion of our business that's and that's true of everybody -- all the major players other than one up and down the strip. And so that's an important consideration. But we're not staying up at night doing about the cost of labor And in fact, a vast majority or a large number of positions in our building are tipped and folks that are tipped, where else do they want to work, you want to be here. So we feel great about our margins. Again, we don't manage quarter-to-quarter to a particular margin we manage our FTEs with discipline, and we try to maximize the revenue and maximize our delivery on the brand promise.
Brandt Montour : Excellent. And then just as a quick follow-up. When you talk to your internal sales folks who are on the phone every day with the planners at large corporate clients, do you get the sense that there's any unevenness across different corporate sectors, i.e., tech, where people over there sort of looking at '23 gatherings and things that we're thinking about planning and potentially hitting the pause button just given the macro?
Craig Billings : Brian, do you want to take that?
Brian Gullbrants : Sure. Thanks, Craig. Brandt, I think it's something that's real telling from an industry standpoint is to really just look at the large city-wise. CES back in 2020 did over 170,000; and in '22, it did 44,000. So certainly, that is an international component -- a strong international component to that business as well as in the tech industry. But then if you look at SEMA that just happened this last month, a couple of weeks ago, they had over 130,000. So we're having the most solid year we've ever had. We are going to have our best year ever in group in both room nights and revenue, and we're pacing ahead of that 423. And that's despite January and February having a real soft January and February with Omicron. So I think we're well positioned. There are certain industries that are performing better than others, and we're seeing that both at Wynn and across the city I would assume.
Craig Billings : We've been more than able to fade any minor fallout that we've seen from tech, mortgage, et cetera, et cetera. 
Brian Gullbrants : Yes. We've had a couple of cancellations, but it's nothing out of the norm. In fact, it's kind of below what we would normally see. So I think we're quite comfortable with where we're pacing. We're pacing ahead of where we should be, and we are very encouraged by what we're seeing for '23. 
Julie Cameron-Doe : With that, we will now close the call. Thank you, operator, and thank you, everyone, for your interest, and we look forward to talking to you again next quarter.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today's conference. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-08-09 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Wynn Resorts Second Quarter 2022 Earnings Call. All participants are in a listen-only mode until the question and answer session of todays conference. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the line over to Julie Cameron-Doe, Chief Financial Officer. Please go ahead.
Julie Cameron-Doe: Thank you, operator, and good afternoon, everyone. On the call with me today are Craig Billings and Brian Gullbrants in Las Vegas. Also on the line are Ian Coughlan, Linda Chen, Frederic Luvisutto and Jennie Holiday. I want to remind you that we may make forward-looking statements under safe harbor federal securities laws, and those statements may or may not come true. I will now turn the call over to Craig Billings.
Craig Billings: Thanks, Julie. Good afternoon, everyone. Thanks for joining us today. Before getting into the quarter, I'd really like to thank our 27,000 team members globally. 2020 so far has been very different in Macau than it has been in North America. Our folks in Macau have endured what I know is a difficult period of isolation and volatility while our teams in Las Vegas and Boston have responded admirably to meaningfully elevated business volumes. To those operating in both circumstances, thank you. I appreciate you. Starting in Las Vegas. The team at Wynn Las Vegas turned in another all-time record quarter with $227 million of EBITDA and broad-based strength across casino, hotel, food and beverage and retail, all well above 2Q 2019 levels. In fact, our EBITDA this quarter was over 40% above the pre-COVID Las Vegas strip EBITDA record also delivered by Wynn Las Vegas in 2014. A few other all-time quarterly records to call out: record EBITDA margin, record slot handle and win, record non-baccarat table Wynn, record hotel revenue and record revenue from restaurants and bars. Meanwhile, our customer satisfaction scores in the first half of 2022 were up 3% over the first half of 2019. Our performance in Las Vegas speaks for itself. Looking ahead, while we are keenly aware of the macro environment and the uncertainty facing the economy, we've been encouraged that the strength we have experienced over the past several quarters has continued into Q3. In fact, our forward bookings continue to pace at pre-COVID levels on substantially higher ADRs. July was very strong for us with occupancy of 91%. We expect the usual seasonal slowdown in August with occupancy declining in the mid- to high 80s before accelerating back to the low 90s in September as group's return in large numbers. While we haven't seen any noticeable signs of weakness in our current operations or in our outlook, we are watching this closely. Our experience during the pandemic has made us nimbler than ever, and we are confident that we can adapt quickly to changes in the economic landscape, should they arise. Turning to Boston. Encore also had a great quarter, generating $64 million of EBITDA, a second quarter record for the property. We saw strength across the casino with record gross gaming revenue, and on the non-gaming side, we generated record hotel revenue with particular strength in cash ADR and occupancy. The positive momentum has continued into Q3. And again, similar to Las Vegas, we have yet to see signs of a slowdown. We were happy to see the Massachusetts legislature pass the sports betting bill and having already constructed a sportsbook at Encore Boston Harbor in 2021, we expect that retail sports betting will soon be a significant opportunity for property-wide customer acquisition in Boston. We also continue to finalize our plans for our upcoming development projects across the street from the property that will add incremental parking, food and beverage and entertainment amenities. Design and planning for that project is on schedule, and we are excited for our next phase of growth in Boston. In Macau, the market continues to be very difficult with market-wide GGR in July, only reaching approximately 2% of July '19 levels. Our results have reflected that in roll, drop, hotel occupancy and EBITDA. Overall, our EBITDA loss in Q2 was $90 million, which was negatively impacted by around $8 million from low VIP holds. So on a normalized basis, our EBITDA loss was $900,000 per day in 2Q. And despite the nearly 2-week market-wide casino closure in July, our EBITDA loss has been comparable at approximately $1 million per day quarter-to-date in Q3. Our team has done a fantastic job controlling costs in a very challenging operating environment through a combination of decreases in payroll and fixed OpEx. Several weeks ago, we announced some important leadership changes in Macau with Linda Chen moving into the role of President early next year; Frederic Luvisutto moving into the role of COO for the entire Macau business; and Craig Fulllab, assuming the role of CFO and CIO for the business. I know many of you know and as I do respect and immensely, so I'm pleased that he will remain at the company in an advisory role through 2023. I have immense confidence in Linda, Frederic and Craig and know that they are the right team for the future. The authorities in Macau continue to advance the concession process according to the preestablished time line. We're currently working through our response to the concession tender RFP. Longer term, we remain excited about the prospects for Macau with so much pent-up demand for travel and tourism in Asia. Our market-leading assets and strong liquidity position us well to thrive as visitation returns to the market over time. At Wynn Interactive, the strategy we implemented late last year to manage the business with a long-term shareholder-friendly view is working with our overall EBITDA burn rate declining to $21 million in Q2 from $32 million in 1Q, despite a 3% quarter-over-quarter decline in total turnover due to the seasonally weak second quarter sports calendar. We are looking forward to the potential for a significant catalyst for Wynn bet in Massachusetts both in digital and retail sports betting. Lastly, the design and programming project in the UAE are really coming along, and I grow more excited about the opportunity every day. The project parking along a beautiful white sand beach will contain a 200,000 square foot casino, an extensive food and beverage portfolio and numerous forms of entertainment and spectacle. The more time I spend in this project, the more I'm convinced in our ability to build robust gaming and non-gaming businesses. With that, I'll now turn it over to Julie to run through some additional details on the quarter. Julie?
Julie Cameron-Doe: Thank you, Craig. At Wynn Las Vegas, we generated an all-time quarterly record of $226.7 million of adjusted property EBITDA on $561.1 million of operating revenue during the quarter. Higher than normal hold positively impacted EBITDA by around $6 million in Q2. Our hotel occupancy was 90.5% quarter, up 40 basis points versus Q2 2019. Importantly, we stayed true to our luxury brand and continue to compete on quality of product and service experience with our overall ADR reaching $460 during Q2 2022, 38% above Q2 2019 levels. Our other non-gaming businesses saw broad-based strength across food and beverage and retail, which were also well above pre-pandemic levels. . In the casino, our Q2 2022 slot handle was 63% above Q2 2019 levels, and our table dropped was 28% above Q2 2019 level, despite still suppressed international plays during the quarter due to COVID-related travel challenges. The team in Vegas has done a great job of controlling costs without negatively impacting the guest experience, delivering adjusted property EBITDA margin of 40.4% in the quarter. On a hold-normalized basis, our EBITDA margin was up over 1,200 basis points compared to Q2 2019. OpEx, excluding gaming tax per day was $3.5 million in Q2 2022, in line with Q2 2019 levels despite a 21% increase in revenue due to lower head count and broad-based cost efficiencies in areas that do not impact experience. We remain committed to maintaining our cost structure that appropriately balance the market on our service standards. In Boston, we generated adjusted property EBITDA at $63.7 million through 2022, with EBITDA margin at 13.3%. We saw broad-based strength across casino and non-gaming. In the casino, we generated $181 million of GGR, a property record with strength across both tables and slots. Our nongaming revenue grew 78% year-over-year with particular strength in the hotel, driven by 94.1% occupancy and a $309 ADR. As Craig noted earlier, Q2 strength continued into Q3 as consumer spending on the unique experience remains strong. We stay value disciplined on the cost side with OpEx, excluding gaming tax per day of approximately $1.1 million in Q2 2022. This was a decrease of approximately 13% compared to $1.3 million per day in Q4 2019 and up modestly relative to Q1 2022 on higher revenue and higher payroll. As we've previously foreshadowed, contractual loan group reman added around $45,000 per day for our OpEx base beginning late in the quarter. We are well positioned to drive strong operating leverage as we continue to grow the top line over time. Our Macau operations, we delivered a EBITDA of $90.3 million in the quarter on $117.2 million of operating revenue as the COVID situation in the region has continued. As Craig noted, lower-than-normal VIP holds negatively impacted our EBITDA by around $8 million in the quarter. Businesses remained challenging into Q3 as local COVID outbreaks in Macau do the shutdown of integrated resorts for nearly two weeks during July. Despite the closure, our quarter-to-date EBITDA burn was approximately $1 million per day, in line with Q2. Our OpEx, excluding gaming tax, was approximately $1.9 million per day in Q2, a sequential decrease compared to $2.1 million in Q1 2022. The team has done a great job remaining disciplined on costs in a difficult operating environment. Longer term, we're well positioned to drive strong operating leverage as the business recovers over time. . Turning to Wynn Interactive. In Q2, the business generated approximately $704 million in total turnover, a decline of 3% sequentially versus Q1 due to a seasonally weaker for calendar. Decreases in marketing expense and other OpEx drove an improvement in our EBITDA burn rate of $21 million in Q2 2022 from $31.5 million in Q1 2022. Moving on to the balance sheet. Our liquidity position remains very strong with global cash and revolver availability of approximately $3.1 billion as of June 30. This is comprised of $1.3 billion of total cash and available in Macau and $1.7 billion in the U.S. These numbers exclude the $500 million intercompany revolving credit facility, Wynn Resort and Wynn with Wynn Macau, which further bolsters our already strong liquidity position in Macau and highlights the continued confidence we have in the long-term prospects for that business. Our previously announced sale leaseback transactions at a real estate Encore Boston Harbor remains on track for a Q4 close. Pro forma for the transaction, we have approximately $4.7 billion of consolidated global cash and liquidity. Importantly, the combination of very strong performance in Las Vegas and Boston with the property generating trailing 12-month EBITDA of just over $1 billion together with our robust liquidity creates a very healthy pro forma domestic leverage profile. Finally, our CapEx in the quarter was $90 million primarily related to the Wynn Las Vegas room remodel and the set renovation. With that, we'll now open up the call to Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Carlos Santarelli with Deutsche Bank. You may go ahead sir.
Carlo Santarelli: Obviously, the booking pace on group remains pretty solid in Las Vegas. And clearly, there's a lot of pent-up demand for that. With the experience of now taking on bookings and hosting groups in the new facility. As you guys look out to 2023, what do you believe to be kind of the tailwind from an occupied room night perspective or an occupancy perspective? As well as perhaps what impact that might have on kind of the margin profile of the property with the presumably added occupancy?
Craig Billings: Yes, it's definitely true that group continues to be strong. And I'll ask Brian to talk about pacing in just a second. As we've talked about on prior calls, we did have some legacy group rooms as I think everyone at the market would from contracts booked in prior years that were at lower ADRs. We've been obviously signing new contracts at higher ADRs, which as they roll in will offset that. From an occupied room night perspective, I mean, we're running very healthy occupancy today. So I don't think it would change overall occupancy, but obviously, it does mix. Brian, do you want to talk about pacing a little bit?
Brian Gullbrants: Sure. Our sales team here at Wynn Las Vegas continues to just do an outstanding job, building a really strong base of business for our future. The second half of '22 that we're into now is ahead of pace and '23, we see quite strong. Just to give you a bit a sense of how we're doing the cumulative group bookings in the first half of '22 were 40% above the first half of '19. So the team just continues to build that solid base from which I think we can effectively yield-manage our rooms better next year and as we move into the future.
Carlo Santarelli: And then just as you think about that group room night as it pertains to 2023, and acknowledging other than the first quarter, which was a little lighter from an occupancy perspective, but 90% in this quarter. Who does that customer next year? Is that -- are you still getting a healthy or at least a tangible amount of rooms through OTAs and third-party channels right now? Or who is kind of being replaced? I assume it's likely not the casino customer.
Craig Billings: Well, we -- it's a great question, Carlo. We've already scaled back our allocation to some of the lower profitability channels. That's obviously the first thing you do any time you're yield managing. And it's a little bit of a rich man's problem now as we think forward because we have a very healthy casino business, as you saw in the numbers, and we have a very healthy group. So we're attuned to how we optimize that mix, and we'll be doing that over the course of the next couple of quarters. So stay tuned on '23, but we recognize a lot to call it an issue, it's actually an opportunity. We recognize the opportunity, and we will take advantage of it.
Operator: Our next caller is Joe Greff with JPMorgan.
Joe Greff: I have two questions. One is another similar question on group in Las Vegas. When you look at next year, Craig, what are you targeting in terms of percentage of room nights related to the group segment? And then how much of that is on the books now? And how much of the strategy is in the period for the period going forward on group given the seemingly upward movement in ADR Rock Group?
Craig Billings: Brian, do you want to take that?
Brian Gullbrants: Sure. I think as we look at it right now, we're pacing to a normal percentage of around roughly 30%. We continue to excel. As far as where we are for next year, we're slightly ahead of where we should -- where we normally are. So we're very confident that we'll hit the number we need to and it continues to contribute to our bottom line in base.
Craig Billings: And those new bookings, particularly for new customers in the out years are at a substantially higher ADR.
Joe Greff: One thing that maybe surprised us looking at your earnings release tonight, Craig, was the buyback activity. Can you talk about that and how much of your capital allocation going forward is going to be buyback activity, assuming share price levels at or around these levels?
Craig Billings: Joe, you know us, you've been following us a years, and you know that we're not programmatic about buybacks. We repurchased the stock when we think it's ridiculously cheap. And during Q2, that was certainly the case, particularly from May through the end of the quarter. So we're always balancing liquidity needs, capital deployment for growth and returning capital to shareholders. The wildcard, let's be honest, the wildcard is Macau. So as we get better visibility on Macau over time then we can have more confidence in each particular form of capital deployment and know that we can do them concurrently.
Operator: Our next caller is Shaun Kelley with Bank of America. You may go ahead.
Shaun Kelley: I just wanted to sort of ask about the trends in Las Vegas a little bit more. The color on just the trajectory of what you're seeing on the casino floor relative to the hotel. Could you just maybe help us think about as we get into some of the tougher, I think, comps on the growth that we've seen in casino, what are some of your expectations around trends or what may be driving that growth? I know market share gains, maybe on the slot side has been a theme, but maybe pros cons on casino growth? And then like I said, we've already talked about hotels, so just more on the GGR line?
Craig Billings: Sure. I'll start and then Brian will jump in. So this started really back in 2019. So you've heard us talk about before our reconstitution of our database strategy. We've made a bunch of changes in hosting. We launched Wynn Rewards. So really going into the reemergence of COVID, we had reoriented our casino strategy, and I think it shows. At the same time, we've been very relentlessly reinvesting in the property in Las Vegas despite COVID, in the rooms, in the food and beverage, and amenities, and it shows and customers notice it. And so yes, we are taking share, and I'm incredibly proud of the team for doing that. Brian, do you want to give a little bit of incremental color qualitatively on July?
Brian Gullbrants: Yes. When you look at what we've done in July, we actually what the host team and the marketing team and the casino segments have focused on really expanding into markets that we haven't been in before, reaching further into domestic segments that we are seeing great returns on. And year-over-year, both drop and handle are significantly up. I could be happier with the team right now, and they continue to just continue to push with special events and driving weekends. It's just a great balance right now, and we're going to continue to do more of it.
Craig Billings: And Shaun, we acknowledge trees don't grow to the sky, right? I mean you're seeing this in all your Las Vegas names. But as I said in my prepared remarks, we watch the data daily, right? We don't have to look in Las Vegas. We don't have to look after 10 properties. We look after one. And we know everything that's going on in this building. And as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we don't see, so that's where we are.
Shaun Kelley: Really encouraging. And then my follow-up would be not so much about slowdown, but just about maybe traditional seasonality a little bit here, right? Historically, I think the properties tend to do a little bit better in the first half than second, especially in the third quarter. Can you help us just think about how those patterns may shape up for the balance of the year? Because we are hearing a little bit more from the broader lodging industry about a return to more normal seasonal behavior. Just any comments we could think about just to make sure we're in the right place for seasonal purposes?
Craig Billings: Sure. You're right. August is usually pretty weak in Las Vegas. I think that's probably true or I shouldn't think pretty weak, relatively weak, particularly given the quarter that we've just experienced. So August is usually a pretty slow month. Groups come back in September, and you start to see an increase in occupancy. I talked about the occupancy shifts that we would expect over the course of Q3 in my prepared remarks, and we stand by that. So business is good. In fact, it's really good. But you always see seasonality in the quarter. You can go back and look at historical Q2 to Q3 movement from an EBITDA perspective in percentage terms. And I think you will see seasonality.
Operator: Our next caller is David Katz with Jefferies. You may go ahead.
David Katz: I was hoping for some insight around Interactive. Given that Massachusetts is moving forward, we do observe that there was a little bit of movement and the loss in the quarter. What are your updated thoughts there? Would the burn go up a bit, given that Massachusetts becomes an opportunity on home turf will take it all?
Craig Billings: Sure. No problem. So beginning, I think, with our Q3 call, since last year, we talked a little bit about what we were seeing in the market and some of the irrationality that we were seeing in the market. I can say that, that has markedly declined, and that's encouraging. So to see other players in the market behaving reasonably well is great. For us, Massachusetts, I've said this before, Massachusetts was always an important good strapping event for Wynn Bet and for Wynn Interactive as is any movement in our gaming, which we obviously don't see at the moment, but I'm certainly will over the longer term. . So our goal is really to make sure that we are consistently running the business as best we can from a lifetime value to cost per acquisition perspective. So increased retention, increased CPA, increase handle per customer. That's the way we run the business. That has resulted in a declining burn over time, which is in each quarter has sequentially gone by, as we told you it would. That burn could go up modestly with the launch of Massachusetts because we will do some user acquisition. I don't think we'll ever be back in the position that we were in at the launch of last NFL season. We've learned a lot in terms of which marketing channels work and which don't. But the business is -- they're really executing in that portion of our business, and we're watching the market very, very closely. We'll be in Massachusetts day one.
David Katz: And if I can just follow up, does the promotional landscape that you noted, enable you to consider going back to other states where you don't have a land-based presence or regrowing the business? Or should we really just be thinking about Massachusetts for the moment?
Craig Billings: Well, we are continuing to launch in additional states, and we're continuing to set the foundation in place to grow that business over time as the TAM grows and as our business grows. But Massachusetts, obviously, for obvious reasons, we have the land-based presence there. You've seen market share from fellow market participants in places where they have brick-and-mortar presence, and it obviously warrants prioritizing Massachusetts.
Operator: Our next caller is Dan Politzer with Wells Fargo. You may go ahead sir.
Dan Politzer: I just wanted to follow up on Las Vegas. Obviously, margins were really strong in the quarter. I think your gaming mix at this point is back to 2019 levels. So now that mix is basically normalized. Is there any reason to think that you wouldn't be able to sustain margins in that high 30% range going forward?
Craig Billings: Well, look, we generated operating leverage all over the building over the course of really the past three or so quarters. And I'm incredibly proud of the team for doing that. If you look at our rates, if you look at what we've done in food and beverage, really every nook and cranny driven operating leverage. So what you're seeing is that really the culmination not of aggressively reducing FTEs or negatively impacting the customer experience but rather pricing. And so we go as -- with that in mind, we go as pricing is, right? And so I'm loath to pin a margin and forecast whether we can maintain a 40% margin, an incredibly healthy margin because what we won't do is gut staffing and degrade the customer experience to even if there is a modest recession. We just don't do that. We're thinking about our brand over a 20-year term, not over a quarter. So I'm allowed to pin a particular margin, but what I can tell you is that the team here is very appropriately managing staffing. We're probably down about 10% from pre-COVID levels. yet our customer satisfaction scores are up, and we are pricing our product appropriately based on the quality of product.
Dan Politzer: And then just pivoting to Interactive. Obviously, you guys have become a lot more rational. The markets become more rational in terms of pricing and promotion and marketing. As we think about where we go from here as we go into football season in the back end of the year, how should we think about your burn rate relative to that 2Q number?
Craig Billings: Well, what we have consistently said is that we'll be driving down the burn each quarter. Now Massachusetts, as I mentioned earlier, I think, to David's question, Massachusetts could change that. But I don't imagine it materially shifting. So it's really kind of immaterial in the grand scheme of things. And so I wouldn't -- I wouldn't spend a bunch of time and brand damage trying to forecast it. The trend should be down with the exception of a few quarters that we might do some user acquisition in Massachusetts as the market opens.
Operator: Our next caller is Brandt Montour with Barclays. You may go ahead sir.
Brandt Montour: So in Las Vegas, I was hoping you could just talk about international inbound visitation? And maybe walk us around the globe, where you think you have the most sort of mix during normal times? We obviously have our assumptions. But if you could just walk us around the globe and talk about where you think you're going to see upside near term, medium term, long term? And how much of upside we could sort of see here?
Craig Billings: I'll start and then I'll pass it to Brian. Keep in mind there are a lot of potential international visitors that have been unable to visit. So we've been able -- we've been quite successful on the international front despite that, but that is a tailwind that we have. Brian, do you want to talk about mix and opportunities?
Brian Gullbrants: Sure. We've definitely seen a pickup in the international clientele, both from the gaming and nongaming side of our business. Obviously, Canada and Mexico are the first ones that have popped up. We're seeing great traction in the U.K. now. In fact, just came out of a meeting with the LVCVA and the lift out of London is actually at 106% now of what it was in 2019 pre-COVID level. So it means U.K. is back. The biggest opportunity for us moving forward is obviously China. We're not seeing -- it's anemic at this point, and that's all what you all know out there. So right now, our biggest upside is China. We are seeing other Asian business come back, but not to the extent we'd like. So I'm optimistic about what's in the future, and we got a lot of upside, I think, at some point.
Brandt Montour: And just if I could follow up on Macau. Maybe you could just give us an update on your thoughts around the retendering process, any sort of surprises or anything that you'd want to let us know about in an update?
Craig Billings: I'll start, and then I'll ask Ian to provide his thoughts as well. Not really. I mean we understand and appreciate what Macau is trying to achieve, diversifying the market, both in terms of the geographic origin of visitors and their motivations to visit is not a process that happens overnight. In Vegas, it took many years, and it was a concerted effort by both government and business. We were instrumental in leading that change here in Vegas, and we will, of course, continue to play our part in Macau's journey to do the same. Ian anything you would add, in particular, on the tender requirements?
Ian Coughlan: I think the rules that were issued and the time line, we're very clear. We have sought some minor factions and we're in a six-week process of crystallizing our responses, which will get submitted by all six operators on September 14. And then we go into a period of negotiation. And I think the government's intent is clearly before the end of the year to announce the successful operator.
Julie Cameron-Doe: Okay. Operator, we'll take one last question.
Operator: And our final question comes from Robin Farley with UBS. You may go ahead..
Robin Farley: Two things just to clarify that you've talked about it a little bit already. One was just for group for '23, what's your booked position or kind of room nights booked compared to 2019 at the moment for '23? It sounds like there was a lot of acceleration in the first half. I'm just wondering where that kind of you booked for '23.
Craig Billings: Brian?
Brian Gullbrants: Sure. We are ahead of both '19 and obviously '21 and we continue to pick up. We're not going to need to pick up much in the year for the year as we are focused on moving forward with actually a higher number. So we'll have -- we're hoping the highest number of group rooms we've ever had because of the expansion of the convention center we had a couple of years ago. So really starting to grow into that space and take advantage of it. It also allows us with a slightly larger base to yield a little bit better our rates as we move forward into the year. So all encouraging but certainly better than '19 and '21.
Robin Farley: And then the other question is just on the Vegas margins. And I know you talked about maintaining, I guess, experience on all of that. How much of the margin increase do you think is sustainable? Because the -- I guess you said in the past on previous calls that you don't have as many open positions maybe as some other Vegas properties. But is there anything about the margin that you think is not sustainable? Or how would you sort of guide us to expect that?
Craig Billings: Sure. we learned to run the business differently before COVID. We've talked about this before. And we completely reevaluated how we do that. And so we are running, I mentioned earlier on about 10% less FTEs than pre-COVID. And we're doing it in an absolute range of the market and stand our customer satisfaction scores are going up. So that's a real testament to the team. So I would consider that at this point, permanent. The operating leverage that we were able to obtain out of the business units, look, as you well know, room prices fluctuate with supply and demand. So you can have positive operating leverage -- deleveraging operating leverage in rooms in a week's notice. On the food and beverage side, I suspect some of it's sticky. I mean, inflation is what it is, and we've been able to drive a decent amount of operating leverage out of the food and beverage portion of the business. So it's a little bit of a mixed bag. But Robin, I guess what I would say is the FTE count is what it is.
Julie Cameron-Doe: Well, with that, we'll now close the call. Thank you, everyone, and we look forward to talking to you again next quarter.
Craig Billings: Thanks, everybody.
Operator: Thank you for participating on today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-05-10 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Wynn Resorts First Quarter 2022 Earnings Call. All participants are in a listen-only until the question-and-answer session of today's conference. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. I would now like to turn the call over to Julie Cameron-Doe, Chief Financial Officer. Please go ahead.
Julie Cameron-Doe: Thank you, Operator, and good afternoon, everyone. On the call with me today are Craig Billings and Brian Gullbrants in Las Vegas. Also on the line are Ian Coughlan, Linda Chen, Ciaran Carruthers, Frederic Luvisutto, and Jenny Holaday. I want to remind you that we may make forward-looking statements under Safe Harbor Federal Securities laws and those statements may or may not come true. I will now turn the call over to Craig Billings.
Craig Billings: Thanks, Julie, and afternoon, everyone. Thanks for joining us today. I would like to start by welcoming our new CFO, Julie, who you just heard from to the company and to her first earnings call with us. For those who dont know Julie yet, I think you'll enjoy getting to know her. Welcome. Before we get to the specifics of the quarter, I want to take a moment to thank our outstanding team of 27,000 colleagues globally for their unrelenting focus on delivering the industry's best design, development and service. That dedication was again recently recognized by Forbes Travel Guide with 24 Five-Star Awards, the most of any independent hotel company in the world. Turning now to the quarter and starting in Las Vegas. The team at Wynn Las Vegas had another great quarter despite the impact of Omicron in January. The property generated $159 million of EBITDA with broad based strength across casino, hotel, food and beverage and retail, all well above pre-COVID levels. You may recall from the fourth quarter call that we expected the quarter to improve month-over-month and expected occupancy to reach the mid-80s in March. In fact, we actually hit 91% hotel occupancy in March which contributed to an all-time record EBITDA result during the month. Encouragingly, March strength has continued into Q2 and our forward bookings also show no signs of a slowdown with our booking pace at pre-COVID levels on substantially higher ADRs. Now everyone on the call knows that Las Vegas as a market has experienced a rapid rebound over the past years. We certainly have been a beneficiary of that. We're also benefiting from our own efforts in the past several years. Even during difficult times, we invested in our people, in our products. We opened Delilah, we completed a refresh of the lounges adjacent to the Lake of Dreams. We opened Casa Playa and we remodeled the Wind Tower rooms. We look at every inch of this market leading property and ask ourselves how can we make it better? How can we make it return more? It's a dedication to our craft that makes me incredibly proud and it's what drives enduring results. Turning to Boston, Encore had a strong quarter across the casino resulting in $55 million of EBITDA in Q1, again despite the impact of Omicron in January. As we also discussed on the Q4 call, we expected the quarter to improve progressively month-over-month and that's exactly what we experienced with EBITDA in March approximately 60% higher than January. That positive momentum has continued into Q2 with April EBITDA topping an already strong March. It's been a great deal of time during Q1 refining the plans for upcoming development projects across the street from the property. Design and planning for that project is on schedule. We're excited for our next phase of growth in Boston. In Macau, the market continued to experience subdued visitation during the first quarter, particularly in the back half of the quarter. And this has continued into Q2 with market wide GGR in April only reaching 11% of April 2019 levels. Our year-to-date results have reflected that enroll, drop and hotel occupancy. Encouragingly during periods where the market is accessible, we see demand return very rapidly with hotel occupancy in the 65% to 75% range during portions of the recent May holiday. Longer term, we remain excited about the prospects for Macau with so much latent demand in the region. The market is evolving and we are prepared to adapt and grow our businesses we embrace those changes. The concession process continues to move forward according to the pre-established timeline with the amended gaming law currently progressing through the legislative assembly. We continue to be pleased with the process and with the content of the amended law. At Wynn Interactive, we increased net gaming revenue by 23% sequentially despite materially lower user acquisition spent. The strategy we implemented late last year to manage the business with a long-term shareholder friendly view is working with our overall EBITDA burn rate declining to $31.5 million in Q1, better than the $40 million range we discussed on our last call. With the Massachusetts Senate passing a Sports Betting Bill several weeks ago and now in reconciliation with the house, we're looking forward to the potential for a significant catalyst for Wynn Bet in the Commonwealth. Lastly, we have moved quickly into design on our project in the UAE, and I grow more excited about the opportunity with each iteration of that design. The Island which is really a blank canvas for us presents amazing opportunities to do what we do best. From offshore large-scale water and light spectacles akin to the Lake of Dreams in Las Vegas, to a room product that takes advantage of the unique aspects of a beach side setting, I'm confident we are going to deliver something special to a market that is accustomed to paying a premium for luxury experiences. With that, I will now turn it over to Julie, to run through some additional details from the quarter.
Julie Cameron-Doe: Thank you, Craig. First of all, it's a privilege to be here and I'm delighted to be working with Craig again as well as with his talented team. Turning back to the business. At Wynn Las Vegas, we generated $159.4 million of adjusted property EBITDA, on $441.2 million of operating revenue during the quarter. Overall, our hotel occupancy was 77% in the quarter, with 62% occupancy in January, improving to 91% in March. Importantly, we've stayed true to our luxury brand and continue to compete on quality of product and service experience with our overall ADR reaching $432 during Q1 2022, 28% above Q1 2019 levels. Our other non-gaming businesses saw broad based strength across F&B and retail, which were also well above pre-pandemic levels. In the casino, our Q1 2022 slot handle was 49% of Q1 2019 levels, and our table drops was 36% of our Q1 2019 levels, despite still suppressed international play due to COVID related travel challenges. The team in Vegas has done a great job of controlling costs, without negatively impacting the guest experience, delivering adjusted property EBITDA margin of 36.1% in the quarter. This was up 1,100 basis points compared to Q1 2019 on a hold-adjusted basis. OpEx excluding gaming tax per day was $3 million in Q1 2022, approximately $160,000 per day below Q1 2019 levels due to lower headcount and broad-based cost efficiencies in areas that do not impact the guest experience. We remain committed to maintaining a cost structure that appropriately balances margins and our exacting service standards. In Boston, we generated adjusted property EBITDA of $55.2 million in Q1 2022 with EBITDA margin of 29%, driven by strength across the casino in both slots and tables. Consistent with our regional peers, Omicron along with bad weather, temporarily disrupted our performance at Encore Boston Harbor in January. But as Craig noted earlier, we exited the quarter generating EBITDA in March that was 60% above January. We've remained very disciplined on the cost side with OpEx excluding gaming tax per day of approximately $1 million in Q1 2022. This was a decrease of over 20% Compared to $1.3 million per day in Q4 2019, and flat relative to Q4 2021. Looking ahead, as we noted last quarter, we expect OpEx to increase modestly due to higher payroll related to contractual labor agreements coming into effect in Q2, which will add around $45,000 per day to our OpEx space. We are well-positioned to drive strong operating leverage as we continue to grow the top line over time. Our Macau operations delivered an EBITDA loss of $5.5 million in the quarter on $298.4 million of operating revenue, as the COVID situation in the region has continued to suppress demand. While business in Q1 was challenging, we remain disciplined on cost and CapEx, a prudent approach which positions us to drive strong operating leverage as the business recovers over time. Our OpEx excluding gaming tax was approximately $2.1 million per day in Q1, a decrease compared to $2.2 million in Q4 2021, excluding non-recurring items.  Turning to Wynn Interactive. In Q1, the business generated approximately $727 million in total turnover. Top line growth combined with decreases in marketing spend and other OpEx drove an improvement in our EBITDA burn rate to $31.5 million in Q1 2022 from $79.4 million in Q4 2021. Turning to the balance sheet, our liquidity position remains very strong with global cash and revolver availability of $3.4 billion as of March 31. This was comprised of $1.5 billion of total cash and available liquidity in Macau, and $1.9 billion in the U.S. Pro forma for the sale leaseback transaction we announced in February, we have approximately $5 billion of consolidated global cash and liquidity. Finally, our CapEx in the quarter was $96 million, primarily related to the Wynn Las Vegas room remodel and the theater renovation. With that, we will now open up the call to Q&A. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Carlos Santarelli from Deutsche Bank. Go ahead. Your line is open.
Carlos Santarelli: Hey, guys. Good afternoon and thank you for the remarks. Craig, Julie, whoever wants to kind of handle, I was wondering [technical difficulty] Las Vegas, especially on the room side have been incredibly strong. Can you guys talk a little bit about how from an ADR comparison perspective relative to kind of the first quarter of '19 period? The cash versus comp mix has changed?
Craig Billings: Sure. Brian, do you want to take that one?
Brian Gullbrants: Yes, sure. We really -- if you look at the Omicron wave really impacted our first quarter, specifically in January, we've also had a higher group mix, which previously contracted rates as adjusted the rate and impacted the rate slightly. But our March ADR has come roaring back and it's certainly above '19 levels. So there really hasn't been much of a macro impact. With respect to '19, we continue to grow rates significantly. And as far as volumes, we're right on pace with '19 volumes.
Craig Billings: And the cash versus comp mix, it's not really a material indicate -- a material driver, Carlos, of the change that you're seeing in ADR. The quality of growth in cash ADRs has been very, very substantial. And in fact, as Brian mentioned, the slight ADR dip that we had in the quarter versus Q4 '21, some of that actually has to do with group business coming back, which as we talked about before, that comes back at rates that were contracted some time ago.
Carlos Santarelli: Right. Craig, and to the point I was actually kind of moving towards or driving at, just in terms of kind of the customer that you're seeing and kind of cash comp mix speaks to it. But is it still like kind of as it was, which is kind of the same customer from 2019 is spending more? Or are you starting to see kind of different channels, different customers that are coming in and kind of contributing to the mix? And maybe those customers weren't previously in your loyalty program and not necessarily previously casino guests?
Craig Billings: Yes, it's a good question. I guess what I would say is this. Besides the obvious shift in international mix, because of COVID, what we've seen is very strong domestic casino growth. We've seen that for a few different reasons. One is market wide growth, as I alluded to in my prepared remarks. The other is we spent much of 2019 reconstituting both our database strategy and our loyalty program and relaunching that loyalty programs. So if you look at the Vegas statistics, we've taken share in casinos since 2019. And that is certainly showing up in room mix and quality room mix. And then the last thing I would say is that the cash, leisure and transient customer is also very, very strong relative to '19. But that's not really a mix shift point.
Carlos Santarelli: Understood. Thank you, guys.
Craig Billings: Thanks, Carlos.
Operator: Our next question is from Joe Greff from JPMorgan. Go ahead. Your line is open.
Craig Billings: Hey, Joe.
Joe Greff: Good afternoon, everybody. Hello, Julie. I have a similar question to Carlos on room rates on the Las Vegas. Can you talk about the group mix in the 1Q and the anticipated group mix for the balance of the year? And kind of where I'm going with this, Craig is, as group becomes a bigger, presumably a bigger proportion of the total for the rest of 2022, does that have an impact on how you can yield on an overall blended rate basis for the portfolio, given some of the group that might be coming back from years prior at contractually lower than market rate right now in the last three quarters, all kind of round up for the third quarter of '22, I mean, you're at $400 ADR, or above. Is that sustainable, if you have a higher proportion of group mix?
Craig Billings: I'll start and then I'll ask, Brian, to comment as well. So certainly it gives us the ability to yield. And it's also important to note that a decent chunk of our group business at this point in a shorter booking window than it historically has been, which obviously gives us the opportunity to price that much, much closer to today's ADRs than historical ADRs. Brian, do you want to talk about pacing -- Q1 and pacing?
Brian Gullbrants: Sure. We've really continued to improve pacing. In fact, right now, we're actually pacing above '19 levels on the group side. We had a little bit of a low with Q1 in booking pace because of the short-term impact of Omicron. But it has come roaring back. And now we have I think, substantial pricing opportunities as we move forward in the other segments due to the strong base. In fact, one of the strongest bases we've ever seen.
Joe Greff: Great. And then my final question is, can you talk about CapEx for the rest of the year in the U.S., and overall, including Macau?
Julie Cameron-Doe: Sure. Hi there. I will take that. It's Julie here. So as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we spent $96 million in the quarter, which was primarily in Las Vegas on the room remodel and the renovation of the theater. We've got about $50 million to $60 million left on the room remodel and that should complete in June. We've got around $55 million to $65 million to come on the theater renovation. And that should open in the fall. We're really excited about the show and we expect it to be a great revenue driver in the fourth quarter. In addition, in terms of maintenance CapEx, we're looking at around the $75 million to $85 million annually in Vegas, and $25 million to $35 million annually in Boston. And that's really the maintenance CapEx. In terms of Macau, I mentioned in my prepared remarks, our prudent approach in Macau to OpEx and CapEx, given the operating environment there. And so what that means from a maintenance CapEx perspective is we're looking at approximately $10 million per quarter across both properties. We'd see that returning back to normal levels as the market comes back there.
Joe Greff: Thank you.
Craig Billings: Thanks, Joe.
Operator: Our next question is from Shaun Kelley from Bank of America. Go ahead. Your line is open.
Shaun Kelley: Good afternoon, everyone. And, Julie, welcome to the call. My question would just be about margins, if we could start there. Thinking about the domestic properties, obviously, it seems like at both Las Vegas and Boston, you saw material sequential improvement. Can you just help us think about margin leverage you were able to see your drive as the quarter progressed? I mean maybe not specific numbers, but just directionally, did those exit rates were those on par with or materially better than what kind of the quarter as a whole did? Just to give us a sense of kind of how to think about the balance of the year or at least the second quarter.
Julie Cameron-Doe: Shaun, thanks a lot. I'll take that. In Vegas, look, I mean -- and I think across the board, you'll see we're running the business efficiently, and you will see permanent cost saves versus 2019 at any given revenue level. Where margins shake out in terms of specific levels, that's really going to depend on top line revenue and the mix of that revenue. And as I said, our costs are well controlled. Our SPAs [ph] are down meaningfully relative to revenue levels. And we're really well-positioned to continue to generate strong operating leverage in Las Vegas. So we've seen significant margin improvement since pre-COVID times. And we feel comfortable about that and our ability to continue to drive that operating leverage there. In Boston, you'll see the margin generated in Boston is really reflective of the earnings power of the business at these revenue levels. We mentioned January was impacted by Omicron. So obviously, we ended the quarter stronger than we started it. But we mentioned -- I mentioned in the prepared remarks, we are seeing some additional labor costs come through that will sort of impact that. So overall, we see -- we are pretty happy with the margin we are generating in Boston. And we think that's reflective of the current cost structure including the payroll increase at these revenue levels.
Shaun Kelley: Great. And then as my follow-up, just if we could -- could you give us the latest thinking or parameters around how online piece or when Interactive should progress as we move through the year? Just what are the thoughts around losses. I know they actually materially -- they came in materially below what we were expecting for the quarter and obviously, a very big sequential improvement. So just any guidelines or parameters there as the year progresses would be helpful.
Craig Billings: Sure. So we've been pleased with the business over the course of the quarter. We really do believe in the industry longer term. Sports is the -- where the majority of the addressable market is today, Shaun. And it's also where a lot of the irrational behavior is taking place, though. I will say that our rationality seems to be ebbing as valuations have come down. So I think that's good for everybody. We've always viewed Massachusetts as an important boot strapping event for Wynn Bet. And if you look at some of our competitors and their market share in states where they have a physical presence, it's clear that bricks and mortar is an advantage. So with a bill in reconciliation between the House and the Senate in Mass now, we're preparing to be there day one, and that will be an important event for the business. With Massachusetts looming, it's difficult for me to give you a sense for what the burn rate over the remainder of the year will be. But I would say in the absence of Massachusetts, the burn will be at or below the quarter that we just experienced.
Shaun Kelley: Thank you very much.
Craig Billings: Got it.
Operator: Next question is from David Katz from Jefferies. Go ahead. Your line is open.
Cassandra Lee: Hi. This is Cassandra. I'm asking on behalf of David. Thank you for taking my question. If we could expand on the Wynn Interactive question a little bit more with irrational -- irrationality ebbing as you described. Where do you think this business could ultimately be? Is there any long-term kind of market share target or EBITDA target?
Craig Billings: Yes. Thank you for the question. So this is really a business of building player cohorts, right? Every day, you're out acquiring customers. And you build those player cohorts. Those player cohorts age out over time, and they deliver EBITDA to you. So what we're focused on is continuing to build our player base and age those -- that player base out and ultimately drive operating leverage out of the business and build the business. The next step for us in light of real uncertainty in the market with respect to user acquisition behavior is to get to the EBITDA breakeven point. And then longer term, there's really two primary catalysts for us. The first is Massachusetts, which, as I mentioned, is hopefully pending with a bill that we anticipate will be signed by the governor if it emerges from the reconciliation process. And then of course, any additional online gaming states where we feel like we have a distinct advantage based on brand. So it's really too early to talk about market share targets or EBITDA targets. I think the focus for us is recognizing the ultimate potential total addressable market, our position in that market and reaching that total addressable market in a prudent way that is ultimately shareholder friendly. So stay tuned.
Cassandra Lee: Got it. Thank you. And if I may have a quick follow-up. Encore Boston Harbor, I know you've laid out a road map 3 years ago, and it's probably outdated. But where is that -- how is that property trending now versus kind of your expectations? And how should we think about return to the additional CapEx spend there?
Craig Billings: Well, look, we opened that property and it opened initially very soft. And we went to work very, very quickly as we generally do to turn that property around. And with both Brian and Jenny's extremely good work, we've been very successful. So we're run rating in the mid-200s at this point. And we feel like that's quite an accomplishment in light of the environment certainly that we went through during COVID. The next stage for growth in that business is really two things: database growth, which we have a lot of opportunity to do; and then the development that we'll do across the street, which will add a whole bunch of additional parking where we are parking constrained on weekends. And we would look at something like a 15% to 20% return on that CapEx.
Cassandra Lee: Got it. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question is from Thomas Allen. Go ahead. Your line is open.
Thomas Allen: Thank you. On the UAE development, there have been a bunch of articles out the past few weeks kind of asking if maybe there'll be more competition around the market. What are you hearing on the ground there?
Craig Billings: I can't -- Thomas, this is a great question. I can't really opine on what the other Emirates may do with regard to legalization. That's really in their hands. But I would point out that we not only compete but actually punch well above our weight in the most competitive market in the world, Las Vegas. So we don't really -- our underwrite of that opportunity presume that there would be competition, but I can't tell you that we know of any now. But it's not within my purview to forecast what the Emirates may do -- what the other inlets may do.
Thomas Allen: Okay. Helpful. Thanks. And then just as we think out through the rest of the year, can you just help us think about any like calendar shifts or seasonality we should be thinking about, especially around Boston, right? Because we never really had a full year pre-COVID of what Boston would look like. I think we all presume that summer should be the busiest period. But just anything around seasonality and kind of timing shift we should think about as we think through the rest of the year? Thanks.
Craig Billings: Yes, sure. Actually, winter, if you look particularly at Q4, winter in Boston proved to be pretty substantial for us, right, because everyone is inside as opposed to out given the environment in winter in Boston. So we're still feeling out seasonality, to be honest, even in the midst of 2021. We were still a little bit touch and go with COVID. But certainly, we had a very, very strong winter there. And seasonality in Vegas is as you would expect. You know this market extremely well.
Thomas Allen: All right. Thank you.
Operator: Next question is from Robin Farley from UBS. Go ahead. Your line is open.
Robin Farley: Great. Thanks. I don't know if you have said officially whether you would be interested in a New York property, in a New York casino license?
Craig Billings: Thanks, Robin. Yes, we are interested in any gateway city that is conducive to the scale and quality of development that Wynn Resorts does. So we are interested in New York, and we are active there, but not in a position yet to talk about anything in particular.
Robin Farley: Okay. If I could ask a follow-up on your comments on Vegas. And how should we think about kind of steady-state margin in Vegas? And I guess you opened a conference center, a convention center there during the pandemic. So when we think about margin relative to pre-COVID, I guess, what would you suggest for kind of steady state, including that conference center now?
Craig Billings: Well, Julie, touched on this earlier in a very quantitative fashion. What I would say qualitatively is we're constantly balancing our FTE, our full-time employee count against our own standards and our customer standards for quality. And thus far, we've been very successful at doing that. So we announced -- I think it was this time last year, we announced some permanent cost saves, and we're adhering to those. At the same time, with the business really, really coming back, we are driving a tremendous amount of operating leverage, but with that comes some incremental variable costs. So we are not -- we dont really guide -- you know us well, Robin. We dont really guide to margins or forward-looking numbers. What I would say is that there is a chunk of cost savings that have occurred over the course of the past several years that are absolutely permanent. And beyond that, you'll see fluctuations based on variable costs, which means it's heavily, heavily tied to whatever revenue level we are doing.
Robin Farley: Okay. And if I could ask one last clarification. On the group, you said it's pacing ahead of 2019 levels. When you look at what you have in 2023, I don't know if there was kind of some lost ground during Omicron is what we've heard from others. Do you have more group kind of cumulatively on the books for '23 than you did versus '19? Or is there still some kind of ground to be caught up?
Brian Gullbrants: We're actually -- thank you. We are actually pacing ahead right now for '23 as well. So we feel very confident in where we are. Pending all that's going on in the world right now, everything is looking pretty good.
Robin Farley: Okay, great. Thank you.
Brian Gullbrants: Sure.
Julie Cameron-Doe: Operator, we will take one last question. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question is from Stephen Grambling. Go ahead. Your line is open.
Stephen Grambling: Hi. Thanks for taking the question. Maybe turning to Macau, I guess I'm curious, as you look at that market, what are some of the growth opportunities to consider there from an investment standpoint if the concession process goes through smoothly? And what are you thinking about for the VIP rooms, in particular? Thanks.
Craig Billings: Thanks, Stephen. I'll start, and then I'll ask Ian to comment as well. I said this on the last call, Macau is really the most fascinating aspect of our portfolio right now. And the market -- the equity markets obviously aren't appreciating that, but that's fine. That happens from time-to-time. We started a journey towards being a very, very good, very aggressive mass marketer with the opening of Palace. And we are pretty good at it. If you look back at '19, some 80% plus of our EBITDA in Macau came from sources other than VIP. And so we're really proud of that. So we feel very well equipped to compete just in general with the reopening of the market. The market obviously is going to reopen as a more mass-centric market and with the best product and the best service in the market. We feel good about our ability to compete. What I find fascinating is we've seen throughout the course of COVID, we've seen new customers come to Macau, different customer motivations than perhaps historically we've seen, shopping motivation, leisure motivation, things like that. Part of the reason that that's the case is because Hong Kong hasn't been accessible. And that really piques our interest when we think about what the future development of Macau might be from a non-gaming perspective. Now we are under no illusion that we are talking about a Las Vegas style nongaming market. It's just a very, very different dynamic there. But the ability to adapt and change our business as the market changes and adapts or even lead that, which we've historically done here in Las Vegas is something that I personally find both fascinating and a very, very interesting investment -- incremental investment opportunity. Ian, would you add anything?
Ian Coughlan: Hi. Thanks, Craig. Hi, Stephen. We have two undeveloped land parcels at Wynn Palace totaling 11 acres. We also have another 1.5 acres in the existing property. So we have three opportunities to build very meaningful product offers for the future. We're in the process right now of determining what exactly will benefit Macau for the long-term. We are awaiting the tender documentation to see what government feels about what's required for the future, and we will blend our own needs with that. But there's great opportunity for us to expand our business considerably in Macau. We also, with our two existing properties being 15 years old and 5 years old, they're impeccably maintained. We've constantly reinvested in them. So we are ready when Macau bounces back and it will bounce back. It's just a matter of when we will be ready for that. And the long-term future of Macau, as Craig has pointed out, is exceptional.
Craig Billings: And you -- sorry, Stephen, you also asked about junket space. So I -- we think about it differently at each of the two properties. At the downtown property, where I anticipate that -- where we anticipate that the core customer motivation will be gaming over the longer term, we have some prime real estate in the form of former junket space that we think will be incredibly competitive in mass. Palace is a little bit of a different story because we may have the opportunity to do some more unique things there, some longer-term more blue-sky thinking. We are obviously not making that investment now. But we certainly have the real estate to do it. And we'll take advantage of that when the time comes.
Stephen Grambling: Maybe as one quick follow-up, if I may. Just there's been a lot of back and forth in the press about the lawsuits associated with VIP and who's responsible for what in the event of certain customer losses. I'm wondering if you could just shed some light on that any risk that we should be thinking through that may be outstanding or not? Thank you.
Craig Billings: Yes, sure. This is one of those topics. We have them every couple of calls, where the sell-side tends to really under-appreciate nuance [ph] and instead paints with a very, very broad brush. The reality is that we haven't accrued for any material exposure and each individual claim comes down to a really detailed analysis around clear proof of a deposit in your particular property, the statute of limitations on a claim in a number of other very, very nuanced legal points, we don't expect material exposure at this time.
Stephen Grambling: Perfect. Thanks so much.
Craig Billings: Got it.
Julie Cameron-Doe: Okay. Well, with that, we will now close the call. Thank you, everyone, and we look forward to talking to you again next quarter.
Craig Billings: Thanks, everybody.
Operator: That concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2021 Q4  (2022-02-15 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Wynn Resorts Fourth Quarter 2021 Earnings Call. All participants are in a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer session of today's conference. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded, if you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time.  I will now turn the line over to Vincent Zahn, Senior Vice President and Treasurer. Sir, you may begin.
Vincent Zahn: Thank you, Michelle, and good afternoon everyone. On the call with me today are Craig Billings and Brian Gullbrants in Las Vegas. Also on the line are Ian Coughlan, Linda Chen, Ciaran Carruthers, Frederic Luvisutto, and Jenny Holaday. I want to remind you that we may make forward-looking statements under Safe Harbor Federal Securities laws and those statements may or may not come true. I will now turn the call over to Craig Billings.
Craig Billings: Thanks, Vince. Afternoon, everyone, thanks for joining us today.  I'd like to start by saying that I'm genuinely honored to be speaking to you as CEO of Wynn Resorts. I joined Wynn in 2017, because I'd spent much of my career admiring the company for its dedication to its craft and its people. I'm excited to lead the company forward and I know that our best days are ahead of us.  Before we talk about the fourth quarter, I'd like to give you some additional context around a couple of transactions that we've announced over the past few weeks. First, let's touch on the sale leaseback of our real estate at Encore Boston Harbor that we announced today. Weve discussed the sale of real estate on past earnings calls and we've always maintained that we believe our valuation over any reasonable period of time reflects the value of our real estate. We believe that to be the case today. So why execute a sale leaseback?  A sale leaseback is after all nothing more than a financing and capital structure decision. In our case, this transaction benefits our capital structure in a few different ways. First and foremost, it provides long-term capital to grow our business. In this case capital to deploy adjacent to Encore Boston Harbor in the construction of additional parking, and complimentary non-gaming amenities that will drive Encore Boston Harbor to even higher levels of performance and capital to deploy an attractive greenfield projects like our development in the UAE, which I will discuss in a moment.  Second, it enables us to potentially retire near term debt with a higher cost of capital than the lease. I would note here that this sale leaseback transaction was executed at 17 times rent, for a 5.9% cap rate, a record for regional gaming assets by some two turns, and an attractive long-term cost of capital.  Third, it brings a new partner into our capital structure. Sumit and the team at Realty Income have been great partners in executing this transaction. And I would note that there are a number of highly bespoke terms in the lease that reflect our longer term goals. These terms were only achievable due to the unique way that Realty Income is structured and their willingness to engage and align this transaction with our goals.  Overall, this transaction gives us a lot of additional financial flexibility, the transaction will close near the end of the year. Some of you may ask, What about Wynn Las Vegas? In response to that, I would note a few important points. First, Las Vegas is a very different market when compared to regional markets.  Potential operational deleveraging in an economic downturn is more extreme as we saw in 2009. And the need for continuous and sizeable reinvestment in order to stay relevant is high. As many of you know, it is fundamental to us that we maintain consistent service levels and CapEx throughout the business cycle. And I never want us to be in a position where in the midst of a downturn, we have to choose between our world-class service and escrowing rent, or between paying rents and investing in our property.  In fact, our 2021 results speak to the power of our proprietors mindset, with a host of new investments bearing fruit, and with our team and tech despite COVID, we continue to take market share and delivered the property's highest ever annual EBITDA. Further, the breakage costs related to a sale leaseback of Wynn Las Vegas would be significant. Beyond the tax leakage our capital structure in the U.S. has bond financing at both Wynn Las Vegas and a holding company above it. A sale of our Las Vegas real estate would trigger an acceleration of that debt, driving over $600 million in breakage.  For now, we believe we will deliver far more long-term shareholder value by continuing to own our real estate in Las Vegas. And I am confident our equity valuation will continue to reflect that.  Let's turn to our announcement regarding an integrated resort development in the UAE. We're thrilled about this project which will further diversify our business while extending our brand into the Middle East and Europe. I'm sure all of you are familiar with the UAE and with Dubai in particular. It's a dynamic country and we are proud to have the opportunity to deliver our exceptional hospitality there. Ras al-Khaimah is about 45 minutes North of the Dubai airport via a first-class multilane highway. The location on Marjan Island is stunning and will be a great setting for our resort. I do want to provide some clarity on a topic I have seen in a number of analyst notes and media reports regarding the project. In any new jurisdiction, there are three things that need to happen to have an integrated resort with gaming. The first is enabling legislation is gaming legal? The second is regulation, how will gaming be conducted? The third is licensure, who can operate a gaming establishment? With respect to this project, no further enabling legislation is required. We're not looking at a multiyear process for legalization like we have seen in some other markets. Regulations are well advanced, having been modeled on those of Singapore and the United States. The tax rate and license structure are very reasonable. And finally, with the regulatory framework taking shape and the regulator in place, we will be licensed to conduct gaming in Ras al-Khaimah.  In other words, where we go with these projects. We're commencing master planning now and will begin mobilizing architecture and design in due course. I expect our ultimate design will be one or more iconic buildings that both take advantage of the pristine beach location and also show respect for the unique cultural aspects of the region. We're big believers in the potential for Ras al-Khaimah to be an amazing tourism and hospitality destination. Lastly, I would point out that this is the first transaction where Wynn Resorts is being paid for its know-how and service excellence via a management agreement. I expect it to provide a very high return on invested capital. We have a lot happening around here and I'm personally very excited about the future. Turning to the fourth quarter and starting in Las Vegas. The team at Wynn Las Vegas had an absolute stunner of the quarter. $186 million in EBITDA despite holding a bit low. Drop was strong, handle was strong, RevPAR was strong. I could go on and on. To us, the quarter's results are a further indication of the fact that our unrelenting focus on service and great product are resonating with premium customers who after being cooped up for 2020 and the first part of 2021 are traveling and spending again with a vengeance. As you've heard from some of our peers, January results in Las Vegas were impacted by Omicron, particularly in the group side. Encouragingly, forward bookings in January were very strong and February to date has accelerated further positioning us well into March and beyond. To give you some context, our hotel occupancy in January was 61%. And with the latest wave of COVID quickly receiving, we expect occupancy to increase to the mid-80s in March. As we increasingly distance ourselves from our competitors, we believe we have strong pricing power on rooms, food and beverage and nightlife during 2022. In Macau, the market continued to experience subdued visitation during the fourth quarter, and our results reflected that enroll, in drop and volatility a hold. Of course, you need only Chinese New Year to remind yourself of the power of that market and the pent-up demand for visitation. During the holiday period, turnover per day in our direct program was up nearly 175% from 2021 and down only 12% from Chinese New Year 2019. Encouragingly, we are seeing both strong spend per customer and significant new customer sign-ups in our direct business, highlighting the strength of our market-leading product and service offering. On the mass side, table drop was up 34% versus 2021, and that drop was 60% of our Chinese New Year 2019 levels. As we have seen before, when Macau is more accessible, demand snaps write back. Long-term, I remain incredibly enthusiastic about the prospects for Macau. Between the shift to higher-margin premium mass customers and to customers who have more motivations to visit than just gaming, the market is evolving, and we are prepared to adapt and grow our business as we embrace those changes. Further, the concession process continues in a methodical and logical manner with the amended gaming law currently sitting with the Assembly Committee. We continue to be pleased with the process and with the content of the amended law. Turning to Boston. Like Vegas, Encore had an unbelievable quarter in both gaming volumes and RevPAR, resulting in $68 million of EBITDA in Q4. The team in Boston has really done a tremendous job, particularly in the casino, but we're just getting started. Our next phase of growth in Boston will be driven by database growth, particularly growth outside of adjacent areas and through our upcoming expansion project across the street from the property. That expansion will see us add additional amenities and importantly, additional parking. Parking, particularly on weekends, remains a constraint for us. Though Encore is now run rating higher EBITDA than a number of strip properties, Encore still has a tremendous amount of growth ahead of it. Lastly, on Wynn Interactive, we generated about $785 million in turnover across casino and sports betting in Q4, which drove a 29% sequential increase in revenue. This was despite a meaningful curtailment in marketing spend in November and December. As you may recall on our Q3 call, we were very explicit about our view on the unsustainable nature of the current competitive environment in sports betting and we stated our intention to manage the business with a long-term shareholder-friendly view. To that end, we began shifting our user acquisition mix in early November, focusing only on proven performance marketing channels where we know we can achieve positive ROI on spend, particularly in casino. By doing this, we meaningfully reduced our overall burn rate and as our remaining brand advertising commitments handled off with the Super Bowl, I expect EBITDA burn levels to reduce even more drastically. Overall, we estimate Q1 2022 burn should be down some 60% from Q3 '21 to the $40 million range, and I expect Q2 2022 to be even lower. With that, I will now turn it over to Vince to run through some additional details on the quarter. Vince?
Vincent Zahn: Thank you, Craig. At Wynn Las Vegas, we generated a record $186.2 million of adjusted property EBITDA on $493.9 million of operating revenue during the quarter. We estimate low table hold negatively impacted EBITDA by approximately $10 million in the quarter. Overall, our hotel occupancy reached 86% in the quarter, with 91% occupancy on weekends. Importantly, we have stayed true to our luxury brand and continue to compete on quality of product and service experience, with our overall ADR reaching $441 during 4Q '21, 37% above 4Q '19 levels. Our other non-gaming businesses saw broad-based strength across F&B and retail, which were also well above pre-pandemic levels. In the casino, our 4Q '21 slot handle was 40% above 4Q '19 levels, and our table drop was 41% above 4Q '19 levels despite still suppressed international play due to COVID-related travel challenges. The team in Vegas has done a great job of controlling costs without negatively impacting the guest experience, delivering adjusted property EBITDA margin of 37.7% in the quarter or approximately 39% when adjusted for low table hold. This was unchanged sequentially and up 1,350 basis points compared to 4Q '19 on a hold-adjusted basis. OpEx per day was $3.18 million in 4Q '21, approximately $145,000 per day above 4Q '19 levels due to a combination of higher cost of goods on materially higher nongaming revenue along with special event costs, including the Kafka, DeChambeau [ph], Golf match, among others. We remain committed to maintaining a cost structure that appropriately balances margin and our exacting service standards in Las Vegas. In Boston, we generated another record quarter with adjusted property EBITDA of $68.2 million in 4Q '21, with an EBITDA margin of 33.4%. We saw broad-based strength across the casino combined with solid hotel performance, which was aided by a favorable calendar set up during the quarter.  As Craig noted, regarding in Las Vegas and consistent with some of our regional peers, Omicron along with bad weather temporarily disrupted our performance at EVH in January. Encouragingly, we have already seen signs of improvement in the business as case counts have decreased across the region. At EVH, we remained very disciplined on the cost side with OpEx per day of $1 million in 4Q '21, excluding a $2 million nonrecurring accrual reversal. This was a decrease of over 20% compared to $1.3 million per day in 4Q '19 and a modest increase relative to $950,000 per day in 3Q '21, with the sequential increase driven by improved business volumes and increased operating hours, most notably from the hotel opening of full seven days per week beginning on September 1. Looking ahead, we expect OpEx to increase modestly due to higher payroll, stemming from onetime contractual labor agreements coming into effect in 2022, which will add around $45,000 per day to our OpEx base. We are well positioned to drive strong operating leverage as we continue to grow top line over time in Boston. Our Macau operations delivered an EBITDA loss of $25.9 million in the quarter on $325.7 million of operating revenue. Our EBITDA included a onetime bad debt provision that negatively impacted EBITDA by $24 million during the quarter. So we would have been essentially breakeven adjusting for that. While business in 4Q was challenging due to the evolving COVID situation, we remain disciplined on costs. Our OpEx, excluding gaming taxes and the onetime provision I noted, was approximately $2.2 million per day in the fourth quarter, essentially unchanged sequentially. We continue to be well positioned to drive strong operating leverage in Macau as our businesses recover. Turning to Wynn Interactive. In 4Q, the business generated approximately $785 million in total turnover, a 20% sequential increase relative to 3Q. Top line growth, combined with decreases in marketing spend and other OpEx, drove an improvement in our EBITDA burn rate to $79 million in 4Q '21 versus $104 million in 3Q '21. Since quarter end, we've continued to thoughtfully grow the business with launches in New York and Louisiana, and the initial reception from our customers has been very encouraging. Turning to the balance sheet. Our liquidity position remains very strong, with global cash and revolver availability of $3.6 billion as of 12/31. In Macau, we had approximately $1.7 billion of available liquidity as of 12/31 In the U.S., we had total available liquidity of approximately $1.9 billion at 12/31. Finally, our CapEx in the quarter was $78 million, and we remain prudent with respect to CapEx while we gain further confidence in the recovery. With that, Michelle, we will now open the call to Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Carlos Santarelli from Deutsche Bank. You may go ahead, sir.
Carlo Santarelli: Thanks Craig and thanks Vince for all the color. Guys, if I could, just Vince, you talked about it a little about with the provision in the quarter in Macau, as you think about some of the new regulations around VIP and kind of around running that business, whether it's the share of handle as opposed to rev share agreements or the single junket model or the heavier reliance on VIP or direct VIP, I should say.  Could you just talk a little bit about your strategy in navigating that, obviously, it will be a little bit more cumbersome from a balance sheet perspective? But how you guys are kind of thinking about that -- the outlook for that business run from a direct platform with some of the new requirements?
Craig Billings: Sure, Carlo. I'll start, and then I'll ask Ian to give you his thoughts as well. As you know, the situation is evolving. The charge that we took in the quarter was frankly due to -- primarily due to historical junket position. So it really doesn't have anything to do with the business going forward. And as Vince mentioned, if you adjusted for that charge, we would have effectively been at breakeven in Macau. But the amended law in general, I think we are quite pleased with the various components of it. And the process, as we've said many times, has been impeccable in terms of administration. So the market is evolving. The market is moving quickly. We have the best product, the best service in the market. And so it's not surprising that we saw the activity on the direct side of the business over the course of Chinese New Year, we were pleased with it. Some of those were former junket players kind of indicating that there's been movement among the different groups of customers from junket to premium mass and junket to direct. We have a very, very prudent approach towards deployment of the balance sheet and I expect we will continue to take that approach. And to your last, I guess, to one of the subsets of your points, the use of agents, the use of referring parties, et cetera, that's all kind of happening in real time. So we are exploring all potential options in the market that are consistent with the amended gaming law and we'll figure it out in due course, but it's really too early to say. Ian, do you have any additional thoughts?
Ian Coughlan: Just the disappearance of junket operators is a very recent development. So the only way we can actually judge the impact is pretty much over Chinese New Year when we saw meaningful growth in both premium mass and in our own direct VIP program, and we have seen that migration of former junket players. They have the desire to gamble. They have a desire to come to Macau. We have the best product in the market and the best service. So we feel very confident that we'll capture more than our fair market share.
Craig Billings: And I would just add to that, Carlo, we've said before, I can't remember if it's been on calls or in other forums. By 2019, 80-something percent of our EBITDA was from sources other than VIP. So we started our journey of diversification really with the opening of Palace in 2016, and we have become very, very capable marketers over the course of the past five years. So I kind of look at Macau, and I see an amazing setup where investor expectations are pretty low. And we have the opportunity to kind of chart our own destiny. And frankly, that's what this company has done for years and years and years, particularly here in Las Vegas.  So we're excited about a market that is higher margin premium mass and customers that may be traveling to Macau for motivations other than just purely gaming.
Carlo Santarelli: Great. Thank you Craig and thanks Ian. Just one follow-up as it pertains to the master lease for Encore Boston Harbor. First of all, Craig, is there any breakage on the 17%? And secondly, I see that the escalator is 1.75%. Are there any coverage ratios that trigger that one way or another?
Craig Billings: Well, let me start, and then I'm going to ask Vince to give you some details. We've been pretty explicit about our views on sale leasebacks. And I think this one is unique because the lease, which you'll see attached to the 8-K and you can tear it apart yourself, is incredibly unique. It's very, very flexible and very friendly to us as the OpCo. And that was incredibly important to us.  Because, as I said in my prepared remarks, I never want to choose between the landlord and our people. Our people are our service levels and our service levels are our brand. So you're going to find a whole bunch of unique things in that lease that I think many of them probably precedent setting. But to your specific questions, I'll ask Vince to chime in.
Vincent Zahn: And Carlo, do you mean debt breakage costs?
Carlo Santarelli: Yes. I'm sorry. I was more referring to kind of the way that Craig articulated the $600 million plus of breakage costs related to the debt in Las Vegas. Is there any leakage associated with the $1.7 billion cash proceeds of this transaction?
Vincent Zahn: No, there isn't. It doesn't trigger any of those provisions that would cause the breakage and call us and force us to call the debt. So the answer is no to that. Total transaction costs should be somewhere in the $50 million range. So net proceeds will be $1.65 billion. As far as it relates to the escalator, there are no coverage provisions on the escalator. It's 1.75% for the first 10 years. Then after at least year 11 and beyond, it's the greater of CPI or 1.75%, and that's capped at 2.5%. And you can go look at some of the lease comps, particularly in Las Vegas and see how favorably that package compares. There are no minimum CapEx requirements, which was very important to us. So those are kind of some of the high-level details of the lease, Carlo.
Carlo Santarelli: Great. Thank you very much, guys. 
Operator: Our next caller is Joe Greff with JPMorgan. You may go ahead.
Joe Greff: Good afternoon guys. Craig, Vince, how are you thinking about utilizing the, I guess, the $1.65 billion of net proceeds coming in from the sale of EBH?
Craig Billings: Sure. It's important. I want to remind you, it doesn't close until the end of the year. So we'll be in a different position at the end of the year vis-a-vis Macau. Our hope is that Vegas and Boston continue to hum along. So with that caveat, a sale-leaseback really isn't any different than raising debt in the bond market.  So if we were raising debt in the bond markets at this rate today, we would think about it is how do we grow our business? And are there more expensive or more restrictive pieces of debt that we should be taking out? So we'll see how things evolve over the course of the year, but that's how we think about it today. We've got a room remodel in Vegas. We've got a show in Vegas. We've got an expansion in and around on Encore Boston Harbor, and we have a really exciting project in the UAE that is kind of almost shovel ready.  So across all of those, there's a whole bunch of great things we can do to drive incremental EBITDA. And then there are some expensive pieces of debt, including the bonds that we did when we, I think, reopened the high-yield market in the midst of COVID that would prove beneficial to shareholders as well.
Joe Greff: Great. And then maybe can you comment on how you're thinking of potentially monetizing went interactive. Obviously, there was a press report where you guys are potentially looking to monetize that through a sale. Can you talk about the ways you're thinking of that business and how it can drive net equity value for you all Wynn in a very broad way for you?
Craig Billings: Yes, sure. So first, we don't comment on market rumors or random press reports. We've been pretty -- we were pretty explicit on the third quarter call about not engaging in the unsustainable user acquisition blitz that has emerged, no pun intended this NFL season and that we would take a more measured approach. The I-gaming business, where we have actually seen pretty reasonable success, there's a logical place for us in that business longer term. Unfortunately, it's not a humongous TAM right now. Sports betting is the total addressable market and sports betting is where most of the irrational behavior is taking place. So we will generate shareholder value from that business. I think the way we think about it is we're going to be really focused on the user acquisition flip side. We're going to be focused on the product side, and we're going to see how the end markets really behave over the course of the next several quarters, and then we'll figure it out accordingly.
Joe Greff: Great. And then one final thing, Craig, you talked about the additional investments in Las Vegas and potentially a EBH. Can you talk about what's committed in terms of CapEx for 2022?
Vincent Zahn: Yes, sure. I'll take that, Joe. So in Vegas, we're pretty much back to regular maintenance levels of $75 million to $85 million per year in Vegas. Beyond core maintenance, Craig noted that we are reconstructing the rev data putting a new show in place. That has a budget of $120 million, of which about $30 million spent through 12/31. The rest against -- the remainder will get spent ratably in 2022. We're renovating the Wynn Las Vegas tower rooms with a total budget of $220 million, of which $120 million has been spent. Same thing there. The balance will be spent over the remainder of 2022. In Boston, the property is essentially new. So maintenance will only be in the $20 million range there, mostly repositioning of nongaming amenities at that property. We could have some modest CapEx towards the end of the year for the Easter Broadway expansion that Craig noted. The budget there is going to be somewhere in the $200 million to $250 million range, and that will basically be spent under a normal CapEx S-curve over '23 and '24. And in Macau, we're still being very judicious with CapEx until the return of stronger demand levels there. So core maintenance is expected to total $60 million to $80 million for 2022 on a property combined basis.
Craig Billings: And Joe, just one other point on the Boston CapEx. One of the unique aspects of the lease that we entered into is the ability to put some additional rents into the lease really upon completion of that expansion at a specified cap rate, which will in turn allow us to more than get our money back.
Joe Greff: Great. Thank you guys.
Operator: Our next caller is Thomas Allen with Morgan Stanley. You may go ahead sir. 
Thomas Allen: Thanks for taking me. Just on the Macau, prior to COVID hitting you were running at 99% occupancy, for your rooms, I think, running at over 90% comps. Can you just talk to us how you're thinking about that on a go-forward basis?
Craig Billings: Sure. I'll start, and then I'll ask Ian to provide some thoughts as well. I mean the market is -- I think the fundamental question that you have to ask yourself is over the course of the next five years, 10 years, will a leisure business emerge in Macau? And if so, does that mean that you have a yielding mechanism like we do in Vegas to yield cash rims. I don't think we are close to that yet. I think we would assume that we're going to continue to be a comp room business. We don't have a ton of rooms relative to some others in the market. So we have a lot of opportunity to yield those rooms. Ian, do you have any additional thoughts?
Ian Coughlan: What we've seen in the periods when we've actually been reasonably open to Chinese consumers when they've been able to travel, is there is huge pent-up demand at all levels of the business. And there's cash business out there as well. There's family travel that's increased. We're also seeing an increase in millennial travel. And we're seeing new customers come to Macau. We've seen that again over Chinese New Year. So during the week when we have rooms available at times, there is cash business and rich cash business from affluential customers come. So we feel that we can fill rooms when they're available.
Thomas Allen: Alright, thank you. And then just on the UAE project. I mean you guys know this is kind of the first of its kind where you're being hired for kind of management expertise and development expertise. Do you think there's a lot of other opportunities? How are you thinking about that?
Craig Billings: Yes, it's a great question, Thomas. As we think about logical adjacencies for our business, we think about everything under the sun. We're constantly thinking about ways to increase shareholder value. I think it is a pivotal moment. Can it be replicated? We'll see. But it's an important moment where we're entering into really a 4-season style management deal for the creation of an integrated resort. Is that extendable to smaller properties in gateway cities? It may be. That's something that we'll explore.
Thomas Allen: Thank you.
Operator: Our next caller is Stephen Grambling with Goldman Sachs. You may go ahead sir.
Stephen Grambling: Hi, thanks. Maybe as a follow-up to that. I guess, how are you generally thinking about underwriting the ROIC in a market like the UAE as you think about the structure of this transaction or potential structure? And can you give any kind of color on what you foresee from a customer standpoint and looking at your global database, maybe what spending patterns have emerged in that market?
Craig Billings: Sure. I'll start with the latter and then move to the former. So think about it this way. When we open that property, 95% of the world's population will be within an 8-hour flight of a Wynn resource property. I don't think anybody else can say that. So this is not only opportunity to leverage our pre-existing database, but it's an opportunity to grow database. The Dubai Airport has some 80-plus million passengers passing through it every year. I mean, it's astounding. The UAE is already a substantial destination for not only the region but for Europe, for Brits, for Germans, for really folks from all over the place. So this is a significant customer acquisition opportunity and a really material extension of our brand. In terms of how do we underwrite it, -- it's a $2 billion project. My presumption is that it will be 50% debt, 50% equity, of which we will be 25% to 40%. And then obviously, we have the management contract sitting on top of it. The land is astounding, beautiful and like I said before, nearly shovel-ready. So execution risk from a construction perspective, as we see it, is pretty low.
Stephen Grambling: That's helpful. And I know you don't like to give a lot of guidance, but maybe looking to Las Vegas and looking at the fourth quarter to EBITDA run rate. I guess what are some of the biggest puts and takes to think about in the year ahead across either various customer cohorts or spending categories that could influence both margins and ultimately EBITDA from here?
Craig Billings: Sure. I'll start, and then I'll ask Brian to provide you with his thoughts. Yes, Q4 was definitely a range. It was impressive. The team did really an incredible job. If you look back over the course of '21, we saw pretty substantial leisure and gaming demand. I think that's consistent across the market, although I would say we have continued to distinguish ourselves from a service and quality perspective. And -- but there are also a lot of customer types that weren't around, right? International play wasn't around. Group and convention was quite spotty and very concentrated into a couple of periods, one of which was, in fact, the fourth quarter. So that obviously helped the fourth quarter. January, if you look forward, January was, as we noted, soft because of Omicron. We're already seeing the demand snap back from that. Brian, do you want to comment on kind of the structure of that demand or any additional thoughts you might have. 
Brian Gullbrants: Sure Craig, thanks. I think overall our booking pace is back to pre-pandemic 2019 levels now. And we have a built-in rate premium that's also sustainable as we see it. And on the group side, the group lead volume is now actually exceeding 2019 levels. So I think people want to meet again and we're very bullish on the future. Things are pacing ahead and we're looking really solid.
Stephen Grambling: That's all super helpful. Look forward to seeing the continuing perhaps resuming Macau.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Katz with Jefferies. You may go ahead sir.
David Katz: Apologies. Thanks for including me. I wanted to just ask about the thought process around deciding to sell the real estate in Boston. Obviously, the terms that you've achieved are compelling. But in the context of other opportunities there may have been to divest assets such as excess land on the strip, et cetera. How did you sort of think about that choice versus maybe some others and the land being one example, maybe there are others that we could discuss?
Craig Billings: Sure. I guess, first, I would say there's really two factors that come into play. The first is cost of capital, which is an important consideration, but not the only one. The second is the operational structure of the asset and how conducive it is to operating with lease. And so in Boston, in the transaction in Boston, we were able to achieve both an attractive cost of capital, and that asset is based on the stability of revenues in the regional markets. And the much lighter CapEx burden relative to say Las Vegas made it a logical financing source for us, which is really what it was. We weren't in the market just to raise cash, right? This was a cost of capital question first and foremost. So we're not going to be in the market with land or any other ancillary assets around the property -- in the properties anytime soon.
David Katz: Understood. And just for our own information. Since you talked about the buildings in Las Vegas in your prepared remarks, do the golf course or the other excess land across the street would they have considerable leakage as well? Or had you not looked into that at this point?
Craig Billings: Well, I'm not -- I know we know every no can potential source of leakage, but we're not interested in selling land. We have a 20-year view -- 20-plus year view when we think about Las Vegas. We love our portfolio here. And all of that land has real long-term value to shareholders. So it's not even worth talking about, David.
David Katz: Okay, fair enough. Thank you very much. 
Operator: Our next caller is Dan Politzer from Wells Fargo.
Dan Politzer: Hey good afternoon guys and thanks for taking my question. So in Vegas, the OpEx per day for the quarter, I believe you said was $3.18 million, which is a little bit higher than the third quarter. How should we think about this kind of evolving over time given the changes in mix that probably occurs over the next year or two?
Craig Billings: Let me start, and then I'll ask Vince to provide some of the details. So Vegas, we are down from an FTE perspective. We talked earlier in 2021 about our commitment to enact certain permanent cost saves really in how we run and manage the business day to day. So we've been very disciplined on head count, and we've been -- we stayed true to our prior commitments. Q4, we had some incremental cost of goods. You can see it in the revenue numbers. It kind of goes part and parcel with the revenue numbers that you saw. And then we had some onetime costs really around special events that we had in the quarter, New Year's and some other events that impacted costs during the period. So we're not prepared to guide you to a specific margin or specific OpEx per day at this point. What I would say is at any given revenue level, we will be running margins higher than we did in 2019. Vince, do you have anything you want to add to that?
Vincent Zahn: Yes. The only thing I would add is just to kind of pay attention to the seasonality, right? As we add seasonal amenities in 2Q into 3Q, there's some seasonality to OpEx that obviously comes with additional revenue streams. Apart from that, I think Craig covered it really well.
Dan Politzer: Got it. Just moving to Macau. How do you think about shift of your customer base from VIP into the premium mass or direct VIP product? Is there a certain percentage that you look or think is a reasonable level to recapture? And how is it working in terms of the margin dynamics? Is it like you capture half -- help the customers at 2x margin, so you end up being kind of on the same level? Or how do you think about those moving pieces in terms of the margin mix and revenues?
Craig Billings: Well, I guess, first of all, when you think about the customer motivation and demand a gaming customer in Macau is a gaming customer, gaming customer. It's really just a question of how they're choosing to play, whether they're playing with role or they're playing with cash. We have the best kit in the market. We have the best service in the market. So we like our odds longer term in Macau. As I mentioned earlier, we started a journey of becoming very adept to mass marketers with the opening of Palace in '16. By the time we got to '19, more than 80% of our EBITDA was derived from sources other than VIP. So we already have what it takes to be competitive with respect to the mass market. And obviously, VIP direct. Ian, would you add anything to that?
Ian Coughlan: You're completely right, Craig.
Dan Politzer: All right. Thanks so much guys. Appreciate the color. 
Brian Gullbrants: Michelle, were going to take one final question. 
Operator: And our final question comes from John DeCree from CBRE.
John DeCree: Hey guys, thanks for taking my question. Maybe to stick with Macau. I think in the prepared remarks, you've mentioned that you're still being prudent on capital spend until demand returns. When demand returns, is there anything earmarked for repositioning or any CapEx that you have planned, given it's going to be 18 months to two years since you saw real demand there? Is there anything you're thinking about in Macau?
Craig Billings: Yes. We're always thinking about something. That's kind of who we are. So we have a number of things that we're looking at really in response to the evolution of the market across food and beverage, across the adjacent land. I guess the best I could say at this point is stay tuned.
John DeCree: Fair enough. Thanks Craig. And maybe one more kind of further-looking question, plenty on plate right now, but other potential projects that you're looking at in a meaningful way? And I guess I ask in the context with New York picking up some momentum, a pretty large opportunity there. Is that something that would be on your radar or any other maybe larger capital-intensive projects that you'd give a good look at?
Craig Billings: Yes. We're interested in a number of jurisdictions. If it's a gateway city, if it's a limited number of licenses, if it has reasonable tax rates and reasonable regulations, we are interested in it. So everything is -- you follow New York carefully, everything is too early to really provide any concrete guidance at this point. But we're active in New York, we're active anywhere there's a material opportunity to deploy capital.
John DeCree: Thanks Craig, thats helpful. Appreciate all the color today. 
Craig Billings: All right, everybody. Thank you for joining us today. We look forward to talking to you next quarter. Have a great day.
Operator: And thank you. This concludes today's conference call. You may go ahead and disconnect at this time.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-11-09 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Wynn Resorts Third Quarter 2021 Earnings Call. All participants are on a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer session of today's conference. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. I will now turn the line over to Craig Billings, Chief Financial Officer. Sir, you may begin.
Craig Billings: Thank you, operator, and good afternoon everyone. On the call with me today are Matt Maddox and Brian Gullbrants in Las Vegas. Also on the line are Ian Coughlan, Linda Chen, Ciaran Carruthers, Frederic Luvisutto, and Jenny Holaday. I want to remind you that we may make forward-looking statements under Safe Harbor Federal Securities laws and those statements may or may not come true. I will now turn the call over to Matt Maddox.
Matt Maddox: Thanks, Craig, and thank you all for joining us today. First, I would like to address my decision to leave the Company. I've been at Wynn for 20 years and been the CEO for the last 4, and I made a commitment in 2018 to this Company into the board of directors in what was likely one of the messiest transitions in corporate history, that I'd do everything I could to keep the culture, to make the -- to get the Company on firm footing and to ensure that we would emerge better than we were before.  Now along that journey, as we were making lots of progress in getting things stable, we bumped into a pandemic, and that was the time really when Wynn was able to shine. We became the beacon in hospitality; people looked at us on what to do. We paid all of our staff during the shutdown. We invested in our culture. We knew that by doing those things and continuing to be exactly who we are, that it would pay off over the long term. Not just for our people and for our customers, but for our shareholders. I'd like to thank the unwavering commitment and support of the Board of Directors during these four years.  After we made this decision, they did ask me if I would remain on the Wynn Macau board to ensure stability and to assist with the concession renewal process there, which I agreed to do through 2022, and also the Wynn Interactive board to make sure that we create lots of value for the Wynn Resort shareholders, which I also agreed to. I'm very happy to say that the board is 100% behind and has picked the exact right person to replace me as I transition out in Craig Billings. Craig has been my right-hand man for 5 years now. He has been through the good, the bad, all of it, and he knows what to do.  He understands culture, he's not a guy that's going to build a big corporate infrastructure. He makes decisions fast and he feels the brand, and the Company really couldn't be in a better position going forward. In fact, if you look at that, I think the proof is in this quarter. If we just jumped to the results and get the business here in Las Vegas, we made a $183 million of EBITDA, and that's not a whole bunch of cost savings that are going to go away over time, again you sustain the margin, etc. Only $15 million to $18 million of that 183 came from cost-savings, the rest of it we're taking market share.  Over the last 4 years, we've opened a 400,000 square foot convention facility. We built a new golf course. We have changed out 40 of our 60 retail stores to become the shopping destination. We restructured our clubs so that margins went from 7% to almost 30%. We've raised our prices in our hotels, seeing straight flow-through. Every area we're taking share, casino included. We are not only outpacing all of our results, but we're taking share from the market. I knew coming in that we needed to cater to a demographic that was in more the 30 to 50s on top of our current demographic in the baby boomer generation. We've opened lots of new restaurants.  In fact, one of the new ones, Delilah, if you call right now, you can't get in until February. I've never seen anything like it, and while that's one restaurant, it's an example of all the changes that we've made that have really set the foundation for Wynn Las Vegas to take off like a rocket ship, and I think one of the most important aspects of a successful business is culture. People talk about that, but we all know in our business, only people make people happy, and if your employees believe that their future will be better because of the place they work, and that their employer is going to take care of them when times get tough, you've harnessed the power of the universe, and that's what we have going on right now.  Look, I'll give an example. Hospitality is experiencing extreme labor shortages right now throughout North America, it's a fact people are talking about it, but not at Wynn. We had 4 open servers in our restaurants -- open positions last month. We had 1066 people apply. Sure, big tip job. You might expect that we had 22 open positions for our casino cleaners last month. They clean the bathrooms, the casino, the restaurants. They make the place sparkle. We had 2015 people apply for those 22 spots. That is the sign of a good business.  That's when you know, you're going to win over the long term because your customers understand that loyalty and people want to be here, and so, I feel very good about where Wynn Las Vegas is in terms of its culture, its employees, the product, and it's future. Looking on for Boston Harbor, same thing. Record results $64 million of EBITDA, and we did the very similar that we did in Las Vegas during the shutdown was we've looked at things that weren't working. We had a buffet that was losing $12 million a year, so we ripped it out when we were shut down and we built probably the world's best sports bar that once Massachusetts legalizes sports betting, it'll be the best sports book on the east coast, hands-down.  We put in new food and beverage offerings. We reconfigured the entire casino. We changed out our casino loyalty program and our database has been growing exponentially. We have over 418,000 people in the database, and at the trajectory that it's growing now, that's probably going to double over the next 2 years. So Encore Boston Harbor, again, is only at the beginning of its growth, and the North American assets really couldn't be in a better position. There was a little bit of concern that maybe the stimulus money or pent-up demand, etc. was causing some of this. That may be true for the third quarter and what we experienced in the summer, but it's certainly continuing.  In October when Las Vegas had its best month on record, highest EBITDA, highest margin, and we held below our normal range. Same in Encore Boston Harbor. The group business is coming back. We've seen groups taking up over 30% of our room nights in August and September, and the way that we're running these facilities now, and the way that we're yielding and being unrelenting on price because people like the quality, the flow-through is happening. Just last weekend our average rate was $780 in Las Vegas and we're at 99% occupancy and that is continuing into the future because we're taking market share and Las Vegas itself is growing. Turning to Macau, we've had, as everyone in the market has had fits and starts there as to the business.  But what has been very encouraging over the last month has been the consultation process with the government. It's been open. It's been transparent. It's been productive, and we feel very good about the future of Macau and our position in Macau. Looking at Wynn Interactive. We launched lots of new product this quarter that we're very proud of. We made great progress in Arizona with first-time depositors, and we're seeing good customer feedback and our retention is quite strong. However, the market is really not sustainable right now. Competitors are spending too much to get customers. The economics are just not something that we're going to participate in in the short term.  While we built the brand, we launched the product in the third quarter; we're going to be focused on building a long-term business that's sustainable, that is not losing lots and lots of money. So we are shifting our strategy to think about the future, think about the long term, think about cash preservation, and we remain very confident that we'll create significant value for the Wynn Resort shareholders with our digital strategy. With that, I'm going to go ahead and turn it over to Craig. Congratulations, Craig.
Craig Billings: Thank you, Matt,
Matt Maddox: I'll let him go through some more details.
Craig Billings: Thank you. Like everyone in the Company, I've admired your leadership over the course of the past 4 years. More than anyone, you know the dedication and talent at the thousands of folks who make up the Wynn team and I'm honored to have been asked to lead that team. Turning to the quarter, at Wynn Las Vegas we generated $183.4 million of adjusted property EBITDA on $476 million of operating revenue. Overall, our hotel occupancy reached 83% in the quarter with 93% occupancy on weekends. Importantly, we stayed true to our luxury brand and have resisted dropping rates with overall ADR reaching $392 during the 3rd quarter of '21, nearly 30% above Q3 2019 levels.  Our other non-gaming business saw broad-based strength across F&B and retail, which was also well above pre -pandemic levels. In the casino, our Q3 '21 slot handle was 31% above Q3 2019 and table drop was 18% above Q3 '19, despite still suppressed international play due to COVID -related travel challenges. The team in Las Vegas has done a great job of controlling costs without negatively impacting the guest experience, delivering a record adjusted property EBITDA margin of 38.5% from the quarter. OpEx per day was 3 million in Q3 2021 approximately 250,000 per day below Q3 2019 levels. Despite the 19% increase in revenue. As new high-margin business like groups and convention return to the property, we expect OpEx to increase modestly, but we remain committed to maintaining the cost structure that appropriately balances margins and our exacting certain standards.  In Boston, we generated another record quarter with adjusted property EBITDA of $64.6 million million in Q3 on a record EBITDA margin of $33.6 million. We've remained very disciplined on the cost side there too, with OpEx per day excluding a $3 million benefit from a few one-time items of $950,000 in Q3 '21, a decrease of over 25% compared to $1.3 million per day in Q4 '19, and a modest increase relative to 2Q 21. Our Macau operations delivered $10.2 million of EBITDA in the quarter on $312 million of operating revenue. While business in the quarter was challenging due to the evolving COVID situation, we remain disciplined on costs. Our OpEx excluding gaming tax, and the reversal of certain performance-based incentive accruals in the third quarter was approximately $2.1 million per day.  We continue to be well-positioned to drive strong operating leverage as the business recovers. Turning to Wynn Interactive, in Q3, the business generated approximately $645 million in total turnover, disproportionally weighted to September. In late August, we launched a number of key product improvements which have been well received by customers. On a normalized basis, Wynn Interactive is now run rating over $170 million of gross revenue. During the quarter and since we have achieved several other key milestones for the business, including launching day one in Arizona, where we drove over 26,000 first-time depositors through September 30th. Securing a number of additional market access agreements, obtaining a license to operate in the state of New York, and becoming an official sports betting partner of the NFL.  While sports betting remains an exciting high-growth market and will potentially be a $30 billion to $40 billion TAM over time, the marketplace is proving to be very competitive with multiple operators deploying meaningful marketing dollars, driving high cost per acquisition, and significant customer bonus offers. In light of this dynamic, we are intentionally pivoting our approach to scaling. taking a more measured and long-term focus to grow healthy and sustainable business as Matt mentioned.  Thus, we expect our Q3 and Q4 EBITDA burn driven heavily by our branding campaign and pre -opening user acquisition in Arizona will decline materially beginning in Q1 2022, as we focus on cost per acquisition that is commensurate with customer lifetime values. We continue to believe in our team, our product, and the longer-term opportunity, and there's certainly paths to grow our business in ways that create value for Wynn Resort shareholders. But the current combination of large-scale brand spend, performance marketing spend, and customer bonuses that we see in the market place does not drive unit economics that meet our return requirements.  Turning to the Balance Sheet, our liquidity position remains very strong with global cash and revolver availability of over $3.7 billion as of September 30th. In Macau, we had approximately $1.8 billion of available liquidity as of September 30th, and in the U.S. we had total available liquidity of approximately $1.9 billion as of September 30th. As previously announced during the quarter, Wynn Macau Limited entered into a new $1.5 billion senior unsecured revolving credit facility that matures in 2025. The arrangement includes broad participation by our group of supportive existing lenders, including local and international banks. Borrowing under the new facility along with $200 million of cash on hand, were used to refinance and retire our existing senior secured credit facility.  Finally, our CapEx in the quarter was $103 million and we remain prudent with respect to CapEx while we gained further confidence in the recovery. As a reminder, we are limited in what we can say about Wynn Interactive due to the live S4 that we have on file. With that we'll now open up the call to Q&A. Operator.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Carlo Santarelli with Deutsche Bank. You may go ahead.
Carlo Santarelli: Hey everyone, thank you and Matt, congratulations. Greg, congratulations as well. Guys, obviously, you spent some time talking about Wynn Interactive and fully appreciating that you can't say much given where you are in the process. The decision to pivot, is that something where as you think about the way the market is shaping up and what I would assume you deem as unprofitable cohorts of customers that are being acquired right now by others. Is that something that in your view changes in the next 6 to 9 months or is it something where you'll wait until you actually see kind of that change start to happen?
Craig Billings: It's a great question, Carlo. As we've talked about before, we're really focused on lifetime value versus cost per acquisition, and when that ratio is favorable, we're more than happy to invest to drive long-term profitable growth. If you materially overshoot on CPA or offer non-economic promotions, then you can end up upside down on a customer pretty quickly, which obviously isn't very shareholder-friendly. In the current environment, there are certainly opportunities for us to do ROI positive acquisition.  They absolutely exist. It's really a question of scale. If you're not trying to be aggressive and drive headline market share with large-scale brand spend, performance spend, hyper aggressive customer promos, there are absolutely opportunities to grow the business over the course of the longer-term.
Carlo Santarelli: That's helpful. Thank you, Craig, and then Matt, maybe maybe this one's for you as you kind of talked about the consultation and some of the encouraging things that were coming out of those meetings. Do you have any sense coming out of there to the extent that you could share when you're starting to think about the next steps in the process and potentially some more visibility into that. Now the timeline of the process but maybe, some of the things that we should expect coming out of it.
Matt Maddox: What I can tell you is when the government announced a consultative process, it was very structured at beginning timeline, and when the meetings we're going to be scheduled and everything happened exactly as they had laid out, and so we just been very happy with how open it's been and how constructive it's been, and I think that that is going to continue throughout '22 as Macau really focuses on the long-term health and stability which they have continued to say of the industry and of the region. So I can't give any specific dates or timeline, but what I can tell you is we're very confident in the process.
Carlo Santarelli: That's great. Thank you both.
Craig Billings: Thanks, Carlo.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Joe Greff with JP Morgan. You may go ahead.
Q Joe Greff: Hello, everyone. Matt, congratulations, best of luck. It's been a long time, and Craig very happy for you, congratulations on your promotion.
Craig Billings: Thanks, Joe.
Joe Greff: Matt, do you want to give any more description to the reason why you're stepping away now? I'm not sure the statement, the press release really kind of delved into that in great detail, and maybe there are reasons for that, and then my second question, Craig, I know you have opinions on casino real estate monetization. Given just the valuations we've seen in Las Vegas and elsewhere in regional casino markets, I was hoping you can give us your updated thoughts, with particular attention to EBH. Thank you.
Matt Maddox: Sure, Joe. Actually, there's nothing more to it than what I laid out at the beginning of this call. I have been here for 20 years. I was Steve Wynn's right-hand guy for a long time, and when that transition happened, I made the commitment that I was going to make sure this Company didn't lose what it was built on, which is excellent, service-driven and just being the best, and that's what I wanted to do. That's what I wanted to achieve, and we've done that. Now, the pandemic frankly elongated my program a little bit. Because when that head I realized, we don't need to lead through that and make sure that we come out better than ever.  So it's really one of those, it's been 20 years. Exactly what I wanted to achieve, we've done, and I feel like the management team that's in place, the people that are in place, and where this Company is, that it's the right time for me to go do something else, which I'm quite excited about and Craig is the exact right person to step in. There's really nothing more to it. Before, I committed to 4 years, and that's my 4-year anniversary.
Craig Billings: On the real estate side, Joe, you know our position. Our position is, if any, over any reasonable period of time, our evaluation appropriately reflects the value of our real estate, then we're always more more content to control that real estate and be able to invest in that real estate, and that hasn't changed. To the extent that it does change, then obviously we will have to consider what's in the best interest of shareholders.
Joe Greff: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Thomas Allen with Morgan Stanley. You may go ahead.
Thomas Allen: Thank you, and I just want to reiterate congratulations to you both on, Matt, what's been a great career and Craig, congratulations on the new role.
Craig Billings: Thank you.
Matt Maddox: Thanks.
Thomas Allen: So the U.S. results were really stellar. Back in mid-2019, you guys had set targets of $515 million for Vegas, and $275 million for Boston. Any updated thoughts around the longer-term outlook for those properties?
Matt Maddox: Well, yeah, sure. I'll jump in and I think that given what we're seeing now, those estimates feel quite conservative, and I think it's pretty clear. What we achieved in Las Vegas was its market share taking and it's a restructure of the business. I think that we all sit around and thank our normalized margins are between 35 and 40 in this market, and so we didn't go out and cut a whole bunch of cost and slowly bring people back, trying to squeeze every last dollar. Now, we went out and got more customers, and I think that's going to continue in the same Encore Boston Harbor.
Craig Billings: There isn't one piece of the business, Thomas, that we haven't touched and addressed and changed and adapted. So really these 2 assets are firing on all cylinders.
Thomas Allen: All right. Thanks, and then just following up on the transition, any thoughts on the new CFO, and then Craig, are you going to still run Wynn Interactive? How are you thinking about that? Thanks.
Craig Billings: Sure. We're fortunate at the Company that we have a reasonably deep bench at the corporate level, and we've hired some real talent on the Wynn Interactive side, so we'll be coming back to you soon with a revised management structure and an outlook, and we'll talk to you about it then. Stay tuned.
Thomas Allen: All right. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Shaun Kelley with Bank of America. You may go ahead.
Shaun Kelley: Great. Good afternoon, everyone, and yeah, Matt, Craig, for my congratulations as well. Matt, it's been a long number of years, so look forward to hearing what's next on. Craig, I'd love to hit on a couple of comments, and I know there's only so much you can probably cover right now on Interactive. The comments just has been on CPA as I know you know this formula better than probably anyone else on this call. Can you talk about the prevailing level of what you're seeing out there because one challenge we, I think, all running to as analyst is the formula spits out a little bit of whatever you want.  So the more you spend on marketing, you can justify it if your LTV is higher and it's hard for us to kind of independently validate. So just a little bit of thought around what is that prevailing level of spend out there and what do you want it to be to make the model or math work to what you think is going to be a profitable long-term?
Craig Billings: Sure. Shaun. We don't quote specific CPAs or specific LTVs. LTVs, of course, are a pretty lengthy forward-looking estimate. What I would say is that you really have 3 elements that impact this. You have brand spend. You have performance spend where you're actually buying digital ads to bring customers directly to the product, and then you have the underlying promotion that you're providing to the customer, and some participants in the market have structural advantages in those areas, some participants don't, and so when you're, when you're pulling all 3 of those levers into a very, very aggressive market where there's a ton of competition in it and ton of folks doing the same thing, it could become particularly difficult, particularly in states where you're entering the market late.  In Arizona as an example, where we did 26,000 plus FTDs over the course of September, that's a great outcome. Other states where maybe you're entering or scaling a little bit later becomes much more offer-driven and you can again, pretty quickly get upside down. I think what we're focused on is leveraging the advantages that we have. We have a database, we have a brand, and to the extent that we're not aggressively chasing every single lever. We can build a business over the longer term that's a great business into what will eventually be a really, really strong TAM.
Shaun Kelley: Thanks for that, and then maybe a pivot for my follow-up, but just focused on or looking out to Las Vegas for 2022. You obviously have a shiny, brand-new convention center that's never been fully able to be utilized. Can you talk a little bit about how you expect that to ramp in '22, and when we might be at a level that you might consider run rate are really showing the potential of all believers that you have there?
Matt Maddox: Sure. Brian, why don't you take that?
Brian Gullbrants: Sure. The group rooms that we have right now are pacing ahead for '22 and even for '23. All its solid ADRs, the sales team is doing an amazing job, and I think we continue to see the interest level just spiking for some reason. It's fantastic we even have short-term interest. So very solid on the group side and foresee this continuing.
Shaun Kelley: Thank you very much.
Craig Billings: Thanks, Shaun.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Stephen Grambling with Goldman Sachs. You may go ahead.
Stephen Grambling: Thanks. I'll offer my congrats and best wishes as well. Two follow-ups to earlier questions. First, on Macau, while the timing of recovery's uncertain, given your confidence in the concession renewal, what are some of the things that you're doing now or plan on doing to change the positioning of the assets to cater more to premium mass?
Matt Maddox: Yes. Sure. Ian, why don't you why don't you jump in and take that?
Ian Coughlan: Over the last 3 years, we've been pivoting as luxury assets that were formerly taken up by junket operators, and we've been opening them up for premium mass, whether it's at villas in our towers, high-end suites, and general gaming spaces, and we are fortunate to have the best assets and best service in market. So the pivot is very, very straightforward for us.
Stephen Grambling: Great, and then maybe as an unrelated follow-up on real estate value. Craig, I appreciate the response on valuation so if we were to look Vegas and Boston assets separately, are the two markets seeing different potential differences in capital intensity and valuation from where you sit today? Thanks.
Craig Billings: Well, on the capital intensity side, naturally Boston is going to be less capital intensive. It's just the nature of the business there and the nature of the asset relative to Vegas. Vegas is a market of pretty consistent reinvention, and as Matt mentioned, we've done an incredible job at that. On the valuation side, again, I think you have to look over any reasonable period of time and look at the value of the real estate within the broader business. So we watch that very closely. We watch it all the time, and we're very conscientious of the underlying real estate value, but that has historically been our position and it remains unchanged.
Stephen Grambling: Do you think that the competitors actually pursuing this have actually changed the competitive environment, perhaps to your beneficiary? Thanks.
Craig Billings: Have they changed the competitive environment? It's just a form of financing. It's no different than a piece of debt. It just happens to be over time a more expensive piece of debt than we observe in the bond markets today. At the end of the day, each operator is going to make their own decision and form their own strategy. Being an OpCo has its advantages and has its disadvantages depending upon what's happening in the broader business. So I don't think it's an operational question other than the willingness to continue to reinvest in your business and how you do that. But I don't think it's a day-to-day operational question per say.
Stephen Grambling: Fair enough. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from David Katz with Jefferies. You may go ahead.
Cassandra Lee: Hi. This is Cassandra asking on behalf of David. First, congratulations to both Matt and Craig on behalf of David, and thanks for taking my questions. I would like to ask about New York. You got the license yesterday. Just given the high tax rate at 51% and your comment around pivoting in your approach to scalability. So how are you thinking about your launch in New York?
Craig Billings: Thank you. Yes, we were really pleased to be awarded that license yesterday, and New York clearly has the potential to be one of the largest addressable markets in the U.S. Given the tax rate as you point out, it's a prime example of a market where you need to be incredibly prudent with respect to marketing and bonus expense, which obviously is, as you also pointed out, a theme that I discussed pretty heavily in my prepared remarks. We have a great database in New York, particularly in the more affluent areas of the state, and certainly to the extent that you are prudent with marketing spend and bonusing, there's the opportunity to build a business there over time, but no doubt the tax rate is the headwind that we all have to acknowledge.
Cassandra Lee: Got it, and if I may follow up, I think there is requests for information in New York for a downstate license. Any thoughts around potentially pursuing that or pursuing other organic or greenfield opportunities for Wynn?
Matt Maddox: Yeah. This is Matt, and Craig and I have for the last five-plus years, we work on these things together, and that is what Wynn does. So I think we will be participating in the New York process up until it seems either like a good deal or uneconomic and it's hard to know. But that's one that we're going to keep a close eye on, and there are other potential new jurisdictions that could be really exciting, actually, and what's so great about this Company is our design team and architecture team over a 100 people that are responsible for mirage, and Treasure Island, and Bellagio, and Wynn, basically the modern-day integrated resort, are all intact and excited, and you can't build something new if you haven't built these things in the past, and our team is really good at that and understands how to make these things work both financially, but more importantly for the customers. So if a new opportunity comes up, that makes sense for Wynn and the Wynn brand, I think that the team will continue to look at it.
Cassandra Lee: Thank you very much for taking my questions.
Craig Billings: Thank you. Operator, we have time for one last question.
Operator: Thank you. Our last question is from Robin Farley with UBS. You may go ahead.
Robin Farley: Great. Thanks for taking the question. Craig, let me add my congratulations on top of everyone else's on the new role. I had a question about the potential gaming launched changes in Macau and just wondering your view is on, if government approvals required for dividends, would that be a concern in terms of ability to get shareholders return on the investment there, where would you be comfortable that would not be a factor that would come into play.
Matt Maddox: Robin, it's Matt. I think everyone is focused on that issue and the industry is fairly united and like I said, I think the government has been very open and transparent, and in fact, in one of the consultative hearings, they talked about the need to balance the employment market and stability of Macau with returns for shareholders, which I think is perfectly logical and makes a lot of sense, and, Linda, you're attending these meetings in person, what are your thoughts?
Ian Coughlan: This is Ian. We've been very impressed with the partnership orientation of government with their pragmatism and also the progress that's been made. It's being very transparent. They've allowed us to engage directly in person and also in writing. We've shared our concern. We don't have clarity on a number of the issues at this point, but we look at clarity further along the way. All of the concessions have similar concerns and we believe that the fact that we've aired them and share d them, that they will be given very serious consideration, like government. Ultimately, we're in partnership with government.  They're also very aware of the growing regional competition, particularly with Japan now kicking up, so there is a desire for stability going forward, and they understand that we're businesses that need to reinvest and continue to develop so we feel a lot of support from government. It's a process, we'll get more information further down the line, but we're very confident that they have are best interest in hearts.
Robin Farley: That's great. That's a really helpful color. Thank you. Can I follow up on a quick one related to the online gaming strategy if I could? I'm just curious this approach of so many online betting operators is that revenue matters early and I would say not at any cost, and the market seems very willing to value on multiples of revenue, and I mean, I'm old-school and I think as you do that, that profitability matters more than that. But what are your thoughts about if you don't focus on that in the early stages?  You mentioned that entering late is more offer-driven may be than getting in on Day 1, and so it seems like that suggests that you do see a trade-off that there will be expense later if you don't capture the top-line market share up front. So wonder if you could just put some context around that? Thank you.
Craig Billings: Sure. Sure, Robin. First let me say that we fully intend to be Day 1 in every market that we address. We will be there Day 1. The important thing to keep in mind is not so much "Income Statement Profitability". It's profitability of cost per acquisition versus lifetime value. It's making sure that every first deposit or that you drive, or every cohort of first depositors that you drive are ultimately profitable on a lifetime value basis. So that's where we're focused. It's much more about the return on the spend, the return on the ad spend, and certainly we believe that we have the ability to do that over time. It doesn't mean that we're going to intentionally enter markets late.
Robin Farley: I wasn't suggesting that you would but just maybe that holding back on the spend would mean that the revenue market share wouldn't be as high as the profitability market share. But that's helpful context. Thanks very much.
Matt Maddox: Sure, no problem.
Craig Billings: All right, everybody. Thank you for joining today. We'll talk to you next quarter. Thanks.
Operator: That does conclude today's conference. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-08-04 16:15:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Wynn Resorts Second Quarter 2021 Earnings Call. All participants are in a listen-only until the question-and-answer session of today's conference. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. I would now like to turn the meeting over to Craig Billings, Chief Financial Officer. Sir, you may begin.
Craig Billings: Thank you, operator. And good afternoon, everyone. On the call with me today are Matt Maddox, Marilyn Spiegel and Brian Gullbrants in Las Vegas. Also on the line are Ian Coughlan, Linda Chen, Ciaran Carruthers, Frederic Luvisutto and Jenny Holaday. I want to remind you that we may make forward-looking statements under safe harbor federal securities laws, and those statements may or may not come true. I will now turn the call over to Matt Maddox.
Matt Maddox: Thanks, Craig. And thank you, everyone, for joining us today. I'd like to start off with our results in North America, which we were all very happy with. Starting in Las Vegas. We made $133 million in EBITDA in Las Vegas. And what was great about the second quarter was each month was stronger than the last. In fact, June's EBITDA was double what we experienced in April. We saw our occupancy continue to grow week-over-week, and the strength across all segments was quite apparent from our night clubs to our hotel, our restaurants and our gaming volumes. We were able to achieve $133 million of EBITDA without international high-end play, which in the past had been almost 20% of our results and without conventions. And that trend continued into July. In fact, in July, Wynn Las Vegas experienced its single largest EBITDA for a month since we opened in 2005. We were able to get occupancy up to the mid-90s on the weekend, and it was still in the 80s during the week, but we focused on rate. We had - we were getting over $500 ADR on the weekends. And we're continuing to make sure we have the right customers in here and achieving the right results. Moving on to Boston. Same thing can be said. It was a record quarter in Boston at $46 million. We saw each month stronger than the last. Our database is accelerating quite rapidly there. In fact, our new sign-ups for our Wynn Rewards program were up 70% in the second quarter compared to the first quarter, 70%, and again, same story, July, record month, our best month on record for Encore Boston Harbor. So when I look at our results in North America, it's interesting to say, could the second quarter be a peak? And I think that, that's very short term thinking. The second quarter is not a peak. It's a preview of what's to come. We've all been able to streamline our expense structure, understand how to yield our properties better, and the ability to generate significant EBITDA out of these assets is quite clear. Now clearly, the Delta variant's throwing a little bit of a curveball right now. But that will be short term, and it will subside. And what is clear is people want to have fun. They want to go to Las Vegas. And as we see conventions come back, which is going to happen, and then more international play from around the world come back, I am very confident that we will continue to see growth in our results in both Las Vegas and in Boston. Looking at Macau, we made $67 million in EBITDA for the quarter. And Macau has been continuously sort of two steps forward, one step back. On our first quarter earnings call, we talked about the strength that we've just experienced during May in Golden Week, where we had achieved $3 million in EBITDA a day during that period. Then, however, after that call, there was a small outbreak in Guangdong that was quickly stamped out within a couple of weeks, but that greatly suppressed the volumes in June. We did start to see a slight comeback in the middle of July to where the results were getting close to the April and May results, which really indicates that there's real pent-up demand in the region to go to Macau. Clearly, there's been another outbreak that we've all been reading about in the region. And the restrictions have stepped up quite significantly just over the last few days in terms of travel restrictions. I think the good thing that we all have now experienced is that the Macau government acts decisively and quickly. And usually, it has been able to remedy these things and in the Greater Bay Area within a matter of weeks. So while we don't know how long this is going to last, the experience thus far, with the decisive action, the ability to test millions of millions of people just within a matter of days in the region and in Macau does give us great hope that this will continue to pass. And what's really - what we're really focused on is the accelerating vaccination rate in the region. And so while it's impossible to predict right now, we are quite hopeful that as the vaccination rate continues to accelerate and the stated goals are hopefully achieved by the end of the year, that we will begin to see a more stabilized and normalized operating environment. Looking at the interactive space, Wynn Interactive. We have an S-4 that's live right now out there. We're working very closely with the Austerlitz team on our SPAC, and that is moving forward quite well, and we're really excited about it. We put together a full robust program of new product delivery and the marketing program that we will be rolling out for NFL this year that we are excited about. The space is competitive, there's no doubt. But we are very confident with what we put together, with our product, with our brand and what we're going to be able to offer that we are going to be a real player in this market. And we're excited to share a lot more with you at an upcoming Analyst Day that Craig will talk about in a little more detail on this call. So with that, I'm going to go ahead and turn it over to Craig to get into some more detail.
Craig Billings: Thanks, Matt. As Matt noted, our Macau operations delivered $67.6 million of EBITDA in the quarter on $454.4 million of operating revenue. Our EBITDA was driven by encouraging gaming and non-gaming performance combined with solid cost controls with particular strength in April and May. Gross gaming revenue per day in 2Q '21 was approximately 31% of Q2 '19, led by the premium mass segment. Our 2Q results in Macau were positively impacted by higher than normal VIP table games hold that increased EBITDA by approximately $10 million from a normalized level. With respect to cost controls, our OpEx, excluding gaming tax was $2.3 million per day in the quarter. This is down 23% from $3 million per day in the fourth quarter of 2019 and only up slightly sequentially despite the increase in revenue. We continue to be well positioned to drive strong operating leverage as the business recovers. At Wynn Las Vegas, we generated $133.2 million of adjusted property EBITDA on $355.1 million of operating revenue with particular strength on the weekends. In the casino, we saw broad based strength across key segments with slot handle 37% above 2Q 2019 levels and table dropped only 3% below 2Q '19. The team in Las Vegas has done a great job of controlling costs without negatively impacting the guest experience, delivering a record adjusted property EBITDA margin of 37.5% in the quarter. OpEx per day, again excluding gaming taxes decreased 24% to $2.3 million per day in the second quarter of '21 from $3 million per day in the fourth quarter of '19. While OpEx increased approximately 45% sequentially from $1.6 million in 1Q '21, revenue nearly doubled, driving strong operating leverage. In Boston, as Matt mentioned, we generated another record quarter with adjusted property EBITDA of $46.9 million on a record EBITDA margin of 28.4%. Similar to Las Vegas, we have remained very disciplined on the cost side with OpEx per day, excluding gaming tax of $870,000 in the quarter, a decrease of over 30% compared to $1.3 million per day in Q4 '19 and a modest increase relative to the first quarter of '21 on the back of improved business volumes and increased operating hours. Turning to Wynn Interactive. We spent much of the quarter aggressively advancing our product features and building a robust marketing campaign ahead of the 2021 football season. Strategic highlights over the past few months include the recent launch of our web applications in Indiana, Colorado, Tennessee, New Jersey and Virginia, which we expect to help drive user acquisition over time. We've also strengthened our third party partnerships through agreements with the Detroit Lions, the Colorado Rockies and Cumulus Media. We've also announced several new high profile brand ambassadors, including Tim Howard and Chad Johnson, with more to come. Additionally, as sports and sports media continue to converge, we've partnered with several engaging content creators, including Chris Long, to develop unique sports themed programming from the new Blue Wire Podcasts studio at Wynn Las Vegas, which is scheduled to open in a few weeks. Wynn Interactive is now powered by just over 340 employees and is run rating $110 million in annualized gross revenue as of July. We modestly exceeded the Q2 results underpinning the projections published in connection with our announced de-SPAC with Austerlitz in May despite lower than expected user acquisition spend. We anticipate our revenue to accelerate over the remainder of the year, particularly in the fourth quarter, as we roll out our thoughtful and unique marketing campaign and our new product features. Our total acquisition spending declined sequentially, and we believe our ability to exceed our revenue projections on lower acquisition spend is a testament to the brand's ability to drive retention and higher average spend per customer. We look forward to sharing more details on this business during a presentation to sell-side analysts planned for September, along with a slide deck that will be posted on our IR website at that time. Turning to the balance sheet. Our liquidity position remains very strong with global cash and revolver availability of over $3.9 billion as of June 30. In Macau, we had approximately $2 billion of available liquidity as of June 30. In the US, we had total liquidity of approximately $1.9 billion on June 30th, with a substantially lower daily cash burn globally compared to the first quarter of '21. Earlier this week, a subsidiary of Wynn Macau, Limited received commitments for a new $1.5 billion senior unsecured revolving credit facility that will mature in 2025. The arrangement includes broad participation by our bank group of supportive existing lenders, including local and international banks. Borrowings under the new facility, along with cash on hand, will be used to refinance and retire our existing senior secured credit facility in Macau. Finally, our CapEx in the quarter was $70 million, and we remain prudent with respect to CapEx while we gain further confidence in the recovery. With that, we will now turn it over to Q&A. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Carlo Santarelli [Deutsche Bank]. Thank you. Your line is now open.
Carlo Santarelli: Matt, Craig, I guess, obviously, a lot has happened here in the last couple of weeks in Macau. But in terms of how you guys are thinking about maybe the relevant benchmarks as to when things could start to get back to normal, is there anything your folks on the ground are tracking or maybe have been told as it pertains to kind of getting things reopened in a way that we're all accustomed to?
Matt Maddox: Yes, sure. I'll comment and then turn it over to Ian. I think right now, everyone is really focused on the accelerated vaccination rate and getting to those stated goals by the end of the year. The Delta variant is very hard to predict. And the actions that they take over there are quick and decisive because they stamp it out when they lock it down. And so I don't - we don't really have any other clarity as to when that will change. But I think the pace of vaccination is quite encouraging. Ian, do you have more thoughts on that? Ian, are you on mute? Or did you drop?
Ian Coughlan: Sorry, can you hear me now, Matt?
Matt Maddox: Yes.
Ian Coughlan: So it's very clearly linked to the pace of vaccinations, as you pointed out, within the PRC, but also within Hong Kong and Macau and us getting a tripartite agreement and a bubble going so that we can get back to a higher level of normal than we've experienced. We have managed the lift in business very well. There is a desire on the part of the PRC government to allow travel into Macau whenever it's possible. We've obviously had a pullback in the last couple of days, but there's confidence that the current small cluster will be under control within a couple of weeks. We're going through mass testing of the entire population of Macau over a three day period. And we're confident that we will reopen with the PRC in due course, but it is very linked to vaccine rollout. The one consequence of having a small cluster Delta outbreak in Macau is it will be a huge encouragement for some of the people that has held back on getting a vaccine because they deemed Macau very safe. This could be an alert for them to go and get vaccinated. Right now, we're at 44% vaccination rate in the city, very similar to Hong Kong. So we hope to lift that considerably in the coming weeks and months.
Carlo Santarelli: Great. Thank you. And that's very helpful. And then, Craig, just kind of revisiting your commentary on Las Vegas. Obviously, you guys have taken a lot of cost out of the business. I believe property level margins, 37%, 38% in the period, you know, clearly well higher than kind of the aggregate of 2019, over 1,000 basis points better. As the business does ramp and acknowledging that you guys are kind of bringing on or brought on a while ago but haven't yet put in use the incremental group in convention meeting space, what does the margin profile potentially look on a forward basis?
Craig Billings: Sure, Carlo. So you may recall, we touched on this a little bit on the last call. And really, as the business has come back in North America, we've been better able to understand where we will have permanent cost saves and where some costs might come back in. You saw some of those costs come back in over the course of Q2, and we had more than corresponding revenue increases. But as we said on the last call, we're really not talking in terms of margins because that is ultimately business mix and revenue dependent. But what we did say is that we expected about $150 million of ongoing annual cost saves in the US, comprised of somewhere between $75 million and $95 million in Vegas and $65 million to $85 million in Boston.
Carlo Santarelli: Thanks. Thats helpful. Thank you, guys.
Matt Maddox: Next question?
Operator: Our next question comes from Thomas Allen with Stanley Morgan (sic) [Morgan Stanley]. Your line is open.
Thomas Allen: Thank you. Can you just give us a little bit more color on what you're seeing in terms of group bookings in Vegas? Thanks.
Matt Maddox: Sure. Marilyn, do you want to take that?
Marilyn Spiegel: Sure. The - August is our first month that we will almost be back to a normal run rate for group bookings. But when you think about second quarter, each month was sequentially higher. And this year, we are going to have more group bookings than we had ever in the second half of the year. So we're in good shape right now. We've had just a handful of cancellations. We have our largest group that comes in next week, and the pickup is solid. So we feel really good about that. For 2022, we are above pace from what we were in 2019, and the same is true for 2023. And the ADRs are higher in 2022 and 2023. So we feel good about that group business in addition. The pace of leads has been also accelerated. So COVID is relatively new. We don't know what the future is going to be like. But in terms of just a week ago, that's the status of what we're seeing.
Thomas Allen: Perfect. Helpful. And then just as my follow-up on WynnBET, what's the latest thinking on the closing of the transaction and when you expect to start deploying the capital? Thanks.
Craig Billings: Sure. So we would expect - it's really SEC dependent because we have another instance of the S-4 that will need to make its way through the SEC. They were pretty expeditious with the last review. So we would hope that the shareholder vote would be in late September. We would then get regulatory approvals, which is really just protocol, and we would hope to close in early to mid Q4. Keep in mind, we have the ability to advance that business funds from Wynn Resorts and then essentially take that back as part of the proceeds. So it's not going to stop us from deploying capital where appropriate and prudent, but we would expect closure sometime in Q4.
Thomas Allen: Thanks, Craig.
Craig Billings: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Stephen Grambling with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Stephen Grambling: Hi, thanks. I know this is always a bit of a tough question to answer necessarily. But what's been the latest conversations and or expectations related to the concession renewal in Macau? And how are you trying to plan around that from a capital allocation standpoint?
Matt Maddox: Sure. This is Matt, and then I'll turn it over to Ian to comment as well. But there's really no new news on that front. So we have a very good relationship in Macau with the local government. We're working closely with the local government to ensure that the goals of the Greater Bay region as being a tourist destination and Macau being a really central part of that are met and what we can do to help facilitate that growth and facilitate continued expansion in Macau. So we feel really good about our position in Macau as a good corporate citizen and the future of Macau. Ian or Linda, do you have any other thoughts on that?
Ian Coughlan: Yeah. The government's primary focus is clearly on the managing the unpredictability of the pandemic, that's the primary focus. But it doesn't mean that work isn't taking place behind the scenes. The government have referenced on a number of occasions that the first step in the process is a public consultation process that will take place in the second half of the year. There's also a completion of local elections in September, which is necessary before they start addressing any gaming law revision. So there is a lot of activity going on behind the scenes. No official conversations yet, but work is taking place. Primary consideration is managing the COVID pandemic.
Stephen Grambling: Thank you. And maybe as a follow-up, focusing on Macau. I guess if we were to think about the liquidity profile in that market, is there any way to assess how that looks in its ability to support VIP or even parts of premium mass to support a full rebound should you get the green light in the back half of the year?
Matt Maddox: Yeah. I've stated, I think, on our last couple of calls that we are very optimistic about premium mass and the liquidity profile that will be there and in core mass. And VIP is certainly structurally changed. And a lot of VIP customers are converting to more direct customers, we're seeing that already. So the idea that VIP would revert back to its previous levels, I think that's clearly a foregone - that's not going to happen. But the overall market and high end customers I think will be quite robust as, you point out, the green light comes on.
Stephen Grambling: Great. Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from David Katz with Jefferies. Your line is open,
David Katz: Hi, afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. I wanted to ask about Macau. We obviously can't tell exactly when, but presuming that there is sort of an all clear to reopen and the flow of customers that can you know, come with some state of normalcy, help us understand what a ramp like that would look like and what the trajectory of it would be and the puts and takes, et cetera?
Matt Maddox: It's - you know, as you point out, David, it's hard to predict. But just when we witnessed what happened with Golden Week in May, how we went from not a lot of business in April to $3 million of EBITDA a day over that period, it just shows that the pent-up demand is very real. And I think everywhere around the world, the demand for what we do is stronger than it's ever been. So to - clearly, VIP won't come roaring back to where it was, but I fully anticipate that what you'll see on the premium mass side and on the mass side will be stronger than it's ever been. With very limited visitation, we've seen retail revenues up more than 50% to 70% in Wynn Palace. And our retail partners are continuing to double down and invest, building large-scale stores in our facilities as we speak, which really goes to the idea that this is going to be quite a tourist destination when things come back. In fact, Ian, why don't you spend a little bit of time just talking about some of the new retail offerings that are going to be opening soon and how excited those brand partners are?
Ian Coughlan: So actually, during the quarter, the first and second quarter, we've had 9 stores of Wynn Palace that have been shut down and had been getting moved around. And we have the arrival of 9 LVMH brands into Wynn Palace. So they're opening an LV men's and women's, 2 different stores, at the end of this week. We've got 2 stores with Christian Dior opening. Fendi and Bulgari opened recently. So there's a huge desire with the top brands to be represented in both Wynn properties. We have a queue as long as my arm [ph] of brands that are trying to get space at either of the properties.
Matt Maddox: And so David, my point to that is, clearly, that's just a small portion of our EBITDA, but it's an indication of what people are seeing in that region that Macau is going to be, I think, a very successful and robust tourist destination for the premium mass customer as things start to clear.
David Katz: Thank you for that.. And if I can just follow-up quickly and it might be more for Ian is one of the things we've seen here are labor constraints. What is the labor situation like in Macau?
Ian Coughlan: So our workforce is predominantly Macau based with Macau local residents. We do have 20% of our working population that is import labor, but we have no issues with finding workforce. And the majority of our import labor comes from the PRC, so we haven't had any issues at this point. And I don't believe Macau will have any issues attracting workers.
David Katz: Okay. Thank you very much.
Matt Maddox: And I'd like to point out in North America, clearly, attracting workers has been a challenge just for the hospitality industry. But for us, it hasn't been. We set a record EBITDA in Las Vegas in July. And we also had an additional 500 people that we brought on board to make sure that we keep our margins where we have them but then our service levels are maintained. And the same thing's happened at Encore Boston Harbor. So the labor market is clearly tight, but the applicant flow that we've seen coming to our properties has been extraordinary. We've had a hard time interviewing people versus finding people. And I think that's really going to be a big benefit for us going forward. Operator, we have time for one last question.
Operator: Thank you. Our last question comes from Robin Farley with UBS. Your line is open.
Robin Farley: Great. Thanks for taking the question. I wanted to ask about - in Vegas with those strong margins. Are there some amenities like the buffet or valet parking that some of these sort of lower-margin amenities that may come back that weren't fully there in the quarter? If you could just kind of manage our expectations a little bit about how margins may look sequentially if you had all of that baked in already in Q2 or if there's anything that might be layered in here from Q2 into Q3?
Marilyn Spiegel: Well, when you think about the buffet, we have opened the buffet. It opened at the beginning of July. And so that is open five days a week. We also have our valet parking at our tower suites that is complementary for guests or guests who choose to park in Wynn Resorts. On the resort side, there's a fee for parking, but they park for free in the parking garage. All other amenities are wide open. We'll be opening some additional restaurants in August. We opened Delilah in July. So that brought on additional labor. And then our new Mexican restaurant Casa Playa will be opening in August. And so you'll see additional FTEs coming on, but also the appropriate revenues to support that.
Craig Billings: And as Matt mentioned, Robin, we generated a tremendous amount of EBITDA in July despite the buffet being open and all the parking dynamics that Marilyn just mentioned. I would just refer you back to what we talked about on our last call and I referenced a little bit earlier, which is the kind of $75 million to $95 million of cost saves in Vegas we think are permanent and $65 to $85 in Boston, and then you can vary the model and kind of back into the margin.
Robin Farley: Okay. Great, thanks. And just one other comment. I wanted to clarify, Marilyn, when you were talking about group, I just want to make sure I understood. You said something like the second half will have the most group ever or something. And I just want to make sure I understand. It was like group events happening or new bookings coming in for the future periods.
Marilyn Spiegel: The group - Robin, the groups on the books coming in the second half of 2021 are the highest number of group bookings we've experienced at Wynn. And so typically, most of the group bookings will happen in the first and second quarter. And so there is a couple of reasons for that. One, groups that were scheduled in the -- in 2020 are - were pushed into 2021. And some of those groups were pushed into the second half of the year, but they have held. And so it's a large number of group bookings for a second half.
Robin Farley: But I imagine that 2022 would be ahead of that or - but not at this point, is that expected or...
Marilyn Spiegel: Correct, it is. So the pace in 2022 is the most group bookings we've ever had on the books at this time for the year. So we are pacing very well in '22 and very well in '23. We're quite optimistic about the group business, especially with our new asset, which we really didn't have a chance to use much because we opened it up and then COVID hit us in 2020. So we feel very good about the group business coming back. Of course, all that depends upon the future of COVID in our lives.
Robin Farley: Okay, great. Thank you very much.
Matt Maddox: Thank you, everybody, for joining us today. We'll see you next quarter.
Operator: That concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect at this time.+

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-05-10 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Wynn Resorts First Quarter 2021 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the conference over to Craig Billings, President and Chief Financial Officer. Sir, you may begin.
Craig Billings: Thank you, operator. And good afternoon, everyone. On the call with me today are Matt Maddox and Marilyn Spiegel in Las Vegas. Also on the line are Ian Coughlan; Ciaran Carruthers; Frederic Luvisutto; and Brian Gullbrants. I want to remind you that we may make forward-looking statements under Safe Harbor federal securities laws, and those statements may or may not come true. I will now turn the call over to Matt Maddox.
Matt Maddox: Thanks, Craig. And good afternoon everyone. Before we dive right into the quarter results, Id like to first talk about how excited we are to announce the merger of Wynn Interactive into Austerlitz Acquisition Corp. Ive really been thinking about online sports betting in the iGaming space over the last few years. We knew that we are distinct to what we do, which is build great product and provide the best customer service. Wynn Interactive is now a company with over 300 people. We have some of the lumanaries from European Gaming, people co-founders of Bwin [Ph] that are responsible for a lot of the products that we are developing in this 300 person team. And as we look out into the future and we realize this is likely going to be as large as the commercial casino revenue opportunity of $40 billion over the next 5 plus year, which by the way thats typically how long it takes to build one of our bricks to mortar properties around 5 years. We knew that this is an opportunity that we had to capitalize on. And so as we export various options it became very clear that creating a pure play public company, in partnership with Bill Foley, one of the most renowned investors in the United States, was clearly the right thing to do to create the most value for the Wynn resort shareholders and for the Wynn Interactive shareholders. Bill, just for those of you that don't know, has created over $100 billion in shareholder value during his investing career, $100 billion. He's the owner of a professional sports team, he owns luxury hospitality assets around the country. He recently completed the successful destack of Paysafe, a digital payments company that is now getting into the digital gaming space. So partnering with Bill and our team of 300 people, and thinking about the product roadmap, and the marketing dollars, and that we're going to invest to ensure that we're winners in this space, felt like the exact right thing to do and we're very excited to have $640 million of committed capital injected into this company to launch this venture. We'll be posting a presentation online after this call that has a lot more details around this merger. And we'll be spending time after this call talking about it. With that, I'm going to go ahead and turn over to our quarterly results. And what we've been saying in our properties in Macau, Las Vegas, and in Boston, has been a very similar story. Momentum each month continuing to accelerate. As an example, in Macau, we generated $43.9 million of EBITDA in the first quarter. But it's moving so fast over there. I feel like talking about what we're seeing now is more relevant than what we experienced in the first quarter, as we saw strength continue into February and in March. So that momentum continued in April and in May, and in fact, during the Golden Week, which is the first week of May, in Macau, we experienced and generated $3 million of normalized EBITDA per day during Golden Week, by far the highest amount of normalized profit that we've been able to generate since the onset of the pandemic at the beginning of 2020. Even with the junket, volumes continuing to fluctuate between 25% and 30% Golden Week 2019, we were able to achieve these results because we focused our business on mass and premium mass. And as we've talked about in previous calls, we've been converting space that was previously for VIP into premium mass base and we feel very comfortable and confident with our position in the Macao market. In fact, we generated 76% of our mass volumes during the Golden Week this year compared to the Golden Week in 2019. Our hotel occupancy during Golden Week was 93%, in retail, which is continuing to be a shining star across our portfolio in North America and Macau was up 80% over the Golden Week numbers in 2019. Going forward in May and into June, we do expect that May we'll continue to see acceleration over the April results. And we are very, very excited about the summer and what's going to come in Macau. Just seeing the earnings power over a Golden Week and understanding where the Chinese consumer is headed and what our position in that market is makes us more confident in our position in Macau, in the Macau market and our future development opportunities in and around Wynn Palace to continue to build on what we do best and to grow our top line and our bottom line in Macau. Moving to North America in Las Vegas. Again, we've seen very encouraging trends. We generated $28 million dollars in EBITDA in the first quarter. And what we really thought was right around March Madness was when the volumes began to pick up in the first quarter. And that has accelerated. As an example, in the month of April our REVPAR, which is where we're really focused has increased 50% FIFO over the first quarter results. Retail revenues in the month of April were the second best month on record. From 2005 till April of 2021 is the second best month on record. And what's even more encouraging and much more than a green shoot, but a clear indication of the roaring consumer that's coming back, our slot revenues in April were $25 million, which was a property record, more than any other month in the history of Wynn Las Vegas. So you take those things that we're already seeing in Las Vegas, and looking at quarter to date, our EBITDA has already exceeded the first quarter in Las Vegas. Our weekends going forward, are in the 90s, in terms of hotel occupancy. And we're really focused on pricing and pricing power. Our group business is holding on and looking actually quite strong for the back half of the year. In fact, just last week, we hosted our first large group of 600 people, and it went off without a hitch, people are so happy to be back; conventions work, customers are excited and as more restrictions are lifted, and we're able to really start to roll out our entertainment and our nightclubs and do what we do best. We think that Las Vegas is opportunity is really unique and the best times are ahead. Moving to Boston at Encore Boston Harbor, we achieved record EBITDA of $30 million for the quarter, and that even with restricted operating hours and quite significant COVID restrictions in the month of January. And that trend has continued. In fact, in the second quarter thus far, our daily EBITDA is up 30 plus percent, compared to the first quarter. Encore Boston Harbor is hitting on all cylinders right now. We've been able to really rationalize the cost, run the building much more efficiently and focus on our casino customers, and being the top Super Regional Casino in the northeast. I believe that Encore Boston Harbor is going to continue to grow quarter-over-quarter throughout this year as that property and that management team are really doing an amazing job. With that, I'm going to turn it over to Craig to provide more details on the quarter.
Craig Billings: Thanks, Matt. As Matt noted, our Macau operations delivered $43.9 million of EBITDA in the quarter on $417 million of operating revenue. Our EBITDA was driven by encouraging gaming and non-gaming performance combined with solid cost controls. Gross gaming revenue per day in 1Q 21 was approximately 34% of Q4 2019 led by the premium mass segment with particular strength in March. As Matt mentioned, this strength continued into April as mass dropped reach $16.8 million per day or 59% of Q4 2019, or a 26% increase compared to 1Q 2021 levels. Our 1Q 2021 results in Macau were positively impacted by higher-than-normal table games hold that increased EBITDA by approximately $10 million to $15 million from a normalized level. With respect to cost controls, our OpEx excluding gaming tax was $2.2 million per day in the quarter. This was down 25% from approximately $3 million per day in Q4, 2019 and flattish sequentially. We are well positioned to drive strong operating leverage as the business continues to recover. At Wynn Las Vegas, we generated $28.1 million of adjusted property EBITDA on $178.7 million of operating revenue from a business that was heavily weighted to weakened occupancy. The casino saw broad based strength across key segments with slide handle and table drop reaching 86% and 80% of Q4 2019 levels respectively during the quarter. The team in Las Vegas has done a great job of controlling costs without negatively impacting the guest experience. OpEx per day excluding gaming taxes decreased 48% to $1.6 million per day in 1Q 2021 from 3 million per day in Q4 2019, and similar to Macau OpEx was largely flat compared to Q4 2020. As Matt noted, the business picked up beginning in March and the strength continued in the second quarter to date. We believe the combination of meaningful permanent cost saves along with increased group demand position as well to accelerate our recovery as we move into the back half of 2021. In Boston, we generated record EBITDA of $30.4 million despite curtailed operating hours for much of January and it continued significant limitation on gaming positions. Similar to Las Vegas, we've remained very disciplined on the cost side with OpEx per day excluding gaming tax of 760,000 in 1Q 2021, a 40% decrease compared to $1.3 million per day in Q4 2019, and a modest increase relative and 680k per day in Q4 2020. Turning to Wynn Interactive, now with approximately 300 employees as Matt mentioned, and over 100 million in run rate gross gaming revenue based on March results, we are aggressively scaling our efforts to close key product gaps, develop new and innovative features and create a world class branding and brand ambassador program. You'll hear more about this exciting business during our video presentation and in our slide deck that will be posted to our Investor Relations website at approximately 2:30pm Pacific today. Turning to the balance sheet, our liquidity position remains very strong with global cash and revolver availability of nearly 4 billion as of April 30. In Macau, we had approximately 2.09 billion of available liquidity as of the end of April, and in the U.S., we had total available liquidity of approximately $1.85 billion on April 30, with a substantially lower daily cash burn globally compared to the second half of 2020. As a reminder, on February 11, we completed a successful public offering of 7.5 million shares of Wynn Resorts stock, with net proceeds of $842 million. Our CapEx in the quarter was $40 million. With the North American business environment improving, we have made the decision to proceed with the Las Vegas room remodel this summer, and have approximately 175 million remaining to spend. Beyond that, we are remaining extremely prudent with respect to CapEx what we gained further confidence in the recovery. With that, we will now open the line to Q&A. Please limit your questions to Wynn Resorts related topics as we will discuss the Wynn Interactive transaction in more detail in a separate presentation later today, as I mentioned. Thank you, operator?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Carlo Santarelli with Deutsche Bank. You may go ahead.
Carlo Santarelli: Hey, guys, thanks. Matt, you have a lot of color on kind of the trends you're seeing in Macau now, as it pertains and to the extent that you can address, what provides the confidence in the follow through obviously Golden Week is going to be an exogamous period. But the follow through in what you've seen in March, April, that now with golden week as we come out of the holiday period, is it something around, kind of just the comfort level of travel people getting more used to it? Or do you foresee some vaccination type? Or I should say visa type restrictions loosening that that would kind of really allow the growth to be a little bit more unbridled?
Matt Maddox: Yes, I don't think I'd use the word unbridled right now. Well, nothing in Macau has been unbridled, the government's been very careful and cautious as to how they continually increase tourism into the market. And we do anticipate that to continue. So yes, some of the things that I think are quite positive, is we're actually seeing a lot of new customers, a lot of new premium mass customers, premium mass was actually up during golden week, more than mass for us, but they were both very strong. Just because Macau is an option for people to travel. And so we think that over the long term, Macau opening up to China's actually allowing us to acquire customers that we've never seen before. So, I think that each week that goes by, again, golden week excluded, it is getting stronger. And we, looking at our forecast, even though the windows quite short, back half of May and into June, we're feeling pretty good about the continued strength. Ian, do you want to add anything to that?
Ian Coughlan: I think the success of golden week has given us a lot of confidence about the summer. And you could say it's almost been a test ride for arranging Chinese economy where people have no way of traveling overseas. And to what you said earlier, we are seeing new customers coming to market who hadn't travelled to Macau before, and they're getting positively overwhelmed with the quality of resorts in the city. And I believe that that's going to be very sticky for us through the summer. What we've seen post golden week as the normal post-holiday is long, but it's at a higher level than some of the weekend visits that we had in April. So as we head towards the summer, we're very positive.
Carlo Santarelli: Great, thank you guys. And then just one last one Craig you mentioned obviously going through with the LV room remodel this summer 175 million of CapEx left to spend this year, I imagine referring to it. And if you guys could just comment like, you're given, what should I think by most accounts be a very strong summer in Las Vegas. As the market continues to kind of open up and I was the group stuff comes back, was there was there something potentially kind of holding off on that to keep the maximum amount of rooms online for the summer and second half?
Matt Maddox: This is Matt. No, we, our rooms haven't been remodeled since 2010. We actually, were going to launch the remodel at the end of 2019. And COVID put a little stop to that, because of all the uncertainty. Clearly, in hindsight, I wish we would have spent the $200 million while we were closed, but we didn't. And the idea that we need to wait, because we're worried about room compression, I think is the wrong thing to do. Because if you look at our property and going into 2022, we have yet to utilize our new 400,000 square foot Convention Center. And a lot of while the back half of 2021 looks good, 2022 is really strong. And so what we want to do is we want to come out of 2021 and go into 2022, with brand new room product. And this is not just a soft refurb ragweed [ph] or, you know, a rag job. This is a full remodel of these rooms. And I think it's going to really be a competitive edge for us going into 2022. Marilyn, you have any thoughts on that?
Marilyn Spiegel: No. And as we think about how it starts, it's going to be, a slow ramp up. But we'll be finished with start mid July will finish by the end of the year. And I agree with Matt, we've got so much to look forward to in 2022. We want to be totally prepared for that.
Carlo Santarelli: All right, thank you all very much.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Joe Greff with JPMorgan, you may go ahead.
Joe Greff: Hey, guys, just first question on Macau just based on what you're indicating for Q2 today and the visitation numbers we've seen coming out of Macau for April and May, it would suggest that that you and others are seeing a much stronger length of stay, which maybe makes sense given the increased pivot and focus to premium. So can you talk a little bit about that? And how much of that is intentional through how you're positioning your assets versus maybe what's just kind of going on with a different type of customer behavior in Macau?
Matt Maddox: Yes, sure. Joe, Ian, why don't you, why don't you take that one around length of stay.
Ian Coughlan: Sure. We're not seeing a significant increase in length of stay. People are normally staying two to three nights, that's always been our market anyway. The lack of group tours and day trippers to the city is what's missing from the previous marketplace. Length of stay is pretty consistent, but it's a higher quality customer, particularly the new customers that are coming to market and trying out from overseas technical travel birth. We're seeing a higher quality of customer.
Joe Greff: Great, thank you for that. And Matt, maybe you mentioned this and I missed it or not sure if you talked about it. But you did give us some indication of sort of the strength in May over April, but I'm not sure you gave the April basin account in terms of either volumes or EBITDA per day or sort of other metrics to tie that May performance too?
Matt Maddox: Yes, no, Joe, I didn't. I was just making the comment that we're continuing to see strength. I mean, the month of April that for us the first couple of weeks, were a little soft with Ching Ming festival and other things that were going on. And we really saw the back half of April strengthen. And then following golden week we're experiencing those volumes and you know, feel like it's going to continue to grow from that level.
Joe Greff: Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Thomas Allen with Morgan Stanley, you may go ahead.
Thomas Allen: Thank you. On Vegas, you gave some encouraging commentary around weekend document teaming over in the 90s. And how you're really focused on rate, can you just give us some more color on the rate and maybe some color on what's going on in weekdays. Thank you.
Marilyn Spiegel: Sure. So we've really focused on grabs par. We're really focused on having the right guests come here who will appreciate the room product who will want to dine in our restaurants or want to lay on the floor. And so you can come here and find, it'll be May the first weekend that we'll see 90%. Mid-week, we will be in May, about 20 points less than that, that's obviously the lack of the group business. And yet, we just had our first group come and they filled 90% of their blocks. So we felt really good about that. At one time, after we reopened, we dipped our rate. And I would say that our regular customer was not comfortable with having so many people here. And so we have really increased that rate. And the REVPAR is very important that you can see that we will sell at the top of the market on a consistent basis.
Thomas Allen: Hopeful color. And then just on Macau, a couple of quarters ago maybe was last quarter, you talked about feeling like you were taking some of the -- some of your competitors customers as they came back to the market and they wanted the best product. Do you still feel like that's happening?
Matt Maddox: I don't actually remember saying that we're taking other people's customers, but what we have been taking and seeing are new customers. And I feel very comfortable that the way we positioned our product there that we will be market share takers on the premium math and core math side with our assets in VIP that we're converting into the premium segment. So, I do expect us to continue to increase our share on that front, as we roll out, really our new programs and our new product. Ian, do you have any more color on that?
Ian Coughlan:
.: So, we're excited about that. And despite the arrival of new competition in the marketplace, particularly in our neighborhood, we actually welcome that. And it's a farming of what we call full circle time. We've had Morpheus open, MGM is ramping up. And we've got branded for Palace opening at some point in the summer. So that's all great for the future, to introduce new customers to Wynn.
Thomas Allen: Helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question is from Stephen Grambling with Goldman Sachs. You may go ahead
Stephen Grambling: Hey there. This one well tie and win that a little bit, but it's really meant to be a Wynn resorts question. Some of your peers have talked about the benefits of Omni channels have iGaming and online sports betting. How will Wynn Resorts continue to interact with WynnBET to ensure you capture that full benefit?
Matt Maddox: Craig, why dont you take that one?
Craig Billings: Sure. Happy to. So I guess I would respond to that from two perspectives. The first is that we're in the midst now of integrating Wynn rewards into our products. You'll see more of that in the presentation here in about 30 minutes. So we'll have Wynn rewards fully integrated into the product. And we do believe that will that will generate benefit for the land based business. We obviously have a pretty robust database in North America, about 13 million folks. And so that will, that will in return benefit WynnBET. Then the second component to that is really Massachusetts. So there's a few different retail and online sports betting bills floating around in Massachusetts right now. And while the timing is TBD, we would be hopeful that something gets done this year. And we're going to be ready to go day one in the event that legalization has passed and we have very strong homecourt advantage there. So, I think the integration of the digital product there where we have a two plus billion dollar asset in the middle of Boston will prove to be very fruitful for both businesses.
Stephen Grambling: Thanks, look forward to seeing the video.
Craig Billings: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from David Katz with Jefferies, you may go ahead. David, your line is open, can you please check your mute feature? We are not getting the response. David. If your line is open, you may go ahead with your question.
Matt Maddox: Operator, let's move to the last question, please.
Operator: Yes, thank you. Our last question is from Robin Farley with UBS, you may go ahead.
Robin Farley: Great. Thanks. Similarly, wanted to ask a question that is really about the impact on Wynn Resorts, which is, will Wynn Resorts be receiving kind of royalty stream for the use of the Wynn brand from the spin out company just trying to think about the benefit to the Wynn Resorts piece? Thanks.
Matt Maddox: Sure, Robin is Matt. I'll talk a little bit about it, and then hand it over to Craig. So as you look at the press release in the presentation, you'll find that Wynn Resorts is still the majority owner of WynnBET post transaction. So, Wynn Resorts will own roughly 58% of the company post transaction. There are intercompany arrangements, just like with our other properties for royalty streams, and all of the intercompany marketing agreements. So all of that is in place. What's exciting for us is to have -- it's really a pure play public company with $600 million-plus of committed capital. And our management team and Bill Foley, ready to really go after the space over the next few years. So, clearly, we're still the majority owner of that company, and we vote over 70% of it. So you should continue to think about it as a subsidiary of Wynn Resorts fully controlled. And Craig, you want to add anything else to that?
Craig Billings: No, I think you said it well. The benefits of Wynn Resorts comes through the equity ownership. But certainly there are intercompany arrangements representing the brand and consumables on property that WynnBET may use. And, just as a example, as we've been -- we've launched WynnBET now in six states. Weve seen various customers, getting really excited about the bricks-and-mortar experience and the ability to participate in both sides of that. We've had one customer in the northeast transfer hundreds of 1000s of dollars to one of our casinos. And we offer lots of rewards. That would include being, picked up on a plane and their villa and all the things that we do at Las Vegas, being able to offer that always sounded like the right idea, but we're already seeing how excited our WynnBET customers are to take advantage of that. So I fully anticipate that WynnBET will have a very large database, and that the companies will be able to utilize those for both our bricks-and-mortar experience and the online experience.
Robin Farley: Okay, great. Thanks for the color. Can I ask one follow up on Macau? Just kind of a bigger picture question. I think that you've said in previous calls that, that it might be sort of a multiyear. So just looking bigger picture, the VIP piece, the business has never gotten back to kind of that, that pre that that 2014 level, where do you think when things normalize when, borders are open, and it's not? And that's not the issue? Where do you think VIP kind of levels out versus pre COVID levels? Thanks.
Matt Maddox: It's really hard to predict. But in the past couple of calls, I've been out there saying that it feels like it probably gets back to around 50% of the pre-COVID levels. I hope I'm wrong. I hope it's more than that. But we're positioning our business for that outcome. And, we're positioning our business on the continued growth in the premium mass and mass segment.
Craig Billings: And I would just add to that, Robin, you're right. The junket business has been evolving, but we've been evolving too. And so a lot of those players are actually playing directly with the operators. Right. So we've been pivoting resources to better serve those customers, as we've talked about kind of ad nauseum, both physical resources and, and service personnel. And so we're well positioned to deal with the transition, whatever that transition ultimately looks like.
Robin Farley: Great. Thank you very much.
Matt Maddox: All right. Thank you folks. Have a great day. We look forward to talking to you again.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude todays conference. Thank you all for participating. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2020 Q4  (2021-02-04 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Wynn Resorts Fourth Quarter 2020 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the line over to Craig Billings, President and Chief Financial Officer. Sir, you may begin.
Craig Billings: Thank you, operator. And good afternoon, everyone. On the call with me today are Matt Maddox and Marilyn Spiegel in Las Vegas. Also on the line are Ian Coughlan; Linda Chen; Ciaran Carruthers; Frederic Luvisutto; and Brian Gullbrants. I want to remind you that we may make forward-looking statements under safe harbor federal securities laws, and those statements may or may not come true. I will now turn the call over to Matt Maddox.
Matt Maddox: Thanks, Craig. And good afternoon everyone. Thanks, for joining today.  We clearly made progress in the fourth quarter of this year as all of our properties were actually EBITDA positive. It's a real testament to the team the way we've been able to streamline our cost structure and take more of the revenue to the EBITDA line. And in fact, I think, our company is in the best position it's ever been in to translate revenue into EBITDA as more of the business comes back because it's going to. We continue to anticipate that we're going to see growth month over month in each of our markets and we are well positioned with the way that we've streamlined our business. If you look at Macau, we generated $39 million of EBITDA for the quarter. And Macau is continuing to see progress. The government, there has been very thoughtful and very cautious as to the way that it's been allowing people into Macau. And we feel confident that that growth is going to continue. One of the positives of 2020 was that we've been able to spend a lot of time thinking about the future of Macau and really what the growth drivers are going to be going forward. And it's crystal clear that the growth drivers for Macau are really the sweet spot of our company and that's the premium segment  premium mass, in particular. So, we spent a lot of time reconfiguring our properties over the last six months to cater to that customer. We've turned restaurants, buffet into a hotpot restaurant. We've taken Michelin star restaurants and created a more premium mass environment. In fact, we've taken some of our large villas that we don't anticipate we'll be using for the junket business, and we've turned them into entertainment facilities for the premium mass customer. That customer is going to lead back, and we are well positioned to take a disproportionate share of that business. And we think that it's going to continue to improve month-over-month. And our team is positioned to focus on the premium mass segment. Moving to North America. In Las Vegas, we made roughly $21 million of EBITDA for the quarter. And $14 million of that came in October. So, in October we were seeing some green shoots, I think, as most of the country was before the ramp up of the COVID numbers, sort of around the country and the restrictions kicked back in. They kicked back in Nevada and in our key markets in California, and New York and other places. And we saw a real decline in business after October.  As an example, in October, we were booking roughly 1,650 rooms per night for future bookings. And a couple of weeks after that into November, December, that number fell to 700, 700 rooms per night. And that continued into January. However, we've seen just in the last 10 days and uptick again, and it's right in line with the COVID numbers, sort of around the country, decreasing. It's clear that people are ready to have fun. They are ready to travel, but they are still not quite sure if it's time. We've seen our booking rooms per night, go back up to almost 1,600 from 800 in November and December, just in the last 10 days. In fact, for Superbowl, we're going to be at almost 50% occupancy the first time since October with over a thousand casino customers coming, which is significantly more than we had for New Year's Eve. So, while there's still a long way to go in Las Vegas, we can tell that as people become more and more  feeling more safe, they are ready to travel and they are ready to have fun. And we're ready to create that experience. In fact, we've built multiple restaurants in Las Vegas during this period that we haven't opened. So, we're going to be opening new restaurants this year, as the restrictions continue to lift. Just to remind everybody, we built a 400,000-square-foot convention center that opened at the beginning of last year that we've never used. And so, we have lots of new product, exciting stuff that we've been working on all throughout 2020 that we'll be able to launch as business comes back. And if you look at the convention space, there's a lot of questions about it obviously. We have roughly 170,000 room nights, convention room nights on the books for the third quarter and fourth quarter of this year, which is about the same as what we had in 2019. Now, clearly I expect some lush out of that. We haven't seen massive cancellations yet, but I'm sure that there will be cancellations. But we're doing everything we can to keep that business and to create additional business. As an example, we opened the first in Nevada a private partnership with a UMC vaccination destination  Vaccination Center. We're vaccinating between 500 and 700 people a day in our Encore ballroom. And this month we will be opening our COVID testing lab, which is a PCR based lab that will have the ability to process between 5,000 and 7,000 tests a day. That opens this month. And the idea is that when we talk to groups or when we're talking to the state leaders about entertainment, about nightclubs, about conventions, that will have the ability for customers to have health passport, whereby they can say and show that they've been vaccinated, or they've been tested in our lab onsite, and it's been turned around within six hours. So, you know everybody in your space, everybody in this convention area has either tested negative for COVID or has been vaccinated. I think that that's going to be a real advantage for us going forward to keep these groups on and to attract additional business. As we see the restrictions, hopefully continue to lift as vaccines rollout. And we're very hopeful that by this summer we're really starting to see a lot more people traveling to Las Vegas. Looking at Massachusetts Encore Boston Harbor, we made about $16.7 million in EBITDA for the quarter. And again, same story Las Vegas, 11 of that in October. As the numbers ticked up, the COVID numbers ticked up in Massachusetts the restrictions rightfully kicked in. And there we actually had to close Encore Boston Harbor at nine o'clock at night, beginning in November into January. But just recently because their numbers have been going down and their positivity rates are looking quite good in Massachusetts, weve been able to reopen 24/7 in Massachusetts. And today the Governor actually announced additional lifting of certain restrictions moving occupancy percentages for restaurants and other places up from 25% to 40%. And there are some interesting things about the Massachusetts gaming environment that, I think, will provide additional short-term growth as restrictions are lifted. For example, we've never been able to open craps there. There's a big demand for craps, but that has not been allowed to date. And we're hopeful that will be allowed quite soon. On the table game side, we are capacity constrained on the weekends in particular, now that we're offering  now that we're opened 24/7, but we only have three seats on a table game. Whereas I think almost all other jurisdictions around the company  around the country are at four seats. And so we're quite hopeful that some of those things and those restrictions will continue to lift as again, the vaccinations roll out and the numbers look good. The trends that Encore Boston Harbor are quite strong. Our margins should be quite good there, and we're very optimistic about the future of our business at Encore Boston Harbor. Now looking at Wynn Interactive. So Wynn Interactive, we're very excited about, and I know that everybody's talking about the online business as they should be. Just looking at the five states that were legal and offering online gaming and online sports betting in November and December. If you run rate those numbers, just in those five states, it's roughly a $4 billion to $5 billion market just in those states. So that's quite an opportunity. And if you think about all of the other states that will likely be rolling out sports betting, and maybe some online gaming, clearly this total addressable market is quite large. Its multiples more than it is now. And it's one that we are very focused on. We bought BetBull in November. We've consolidated it. We've added over a 100 people to the team. We recently launched in Michigan and in Colorado. And our gaming revenues have increased more than 50% since our last call. And we're currently on a run rate of about $50 million in our Wynn Interactive business. And so the way we look at this is because each state will take time to roll out. That's actually a benefit for us. We have the brands. We're releasing new features on our product every week. We're beefing up our team. We have some very exciting media deals and partnership deals that we're working on. And as we build our strength and build our brand campaign and roll out in these states, we think we're going to be in a very good position by the back half of this year is the NFL season kicks off again. So Wynn Interactive is a big focus of ours and we're seeing all the right things that we were hoping that we would see right now in particular with the revenues growing almost 50% over the last three months. So with that, I'm going to go ahead and turn it over to Craig to talk a little bit more about the numbers.
Craig Billings: Thanks, Matt. Similar to the past few calls, I'd like to start with a few points on liquidity and operating expense. As of January 31, our global cash and liquidity position was $3.39 billion. In Macau, we had approximately $2.24 billion of available liquidity as of January 31. In the U.S., we had total available liquidity of approximately $1.15 billion on January 31 with a substantially lower daily cash burn globally compared to Q3 2020. Meanwhile, we continue to be focused on operating expenses. Compared to the fourth quarter of 2019, our global property and corporate operating expenses per day excluding gaming tax of $4.6 million, decreased nearly 40% year-over-year compared to $7.6 million in Q4 2019, with our FTE count decreasing by approximately 8,700 or 34%. We expect a meaningful portion of these savings to drive operating leverage as business volumes return. In Macau as Matt noted, we generated $39.4 million of EBITDA in the quarter with particular strength around the December holiday season. Our EBITDA was driven by encouraging gaming and non-gaming performance, as well as a continued focus on cost controls. Gross gaming revenue in Q4 2020 was approximately 32% of Q4 2019 levels led by the premium mass segment. With respect to cost controls, our OpEx again, excluding gaming tax was $2.2 million per day. This is down from approximately $3 million per day in Q4 2019, and only up modestly from $2 million per day in Q3 2020 due primarily to an increase in variable costs as business volumes return. At Wynn Las Vegas, we generated $21 million of adjusted property EBITDA from a business that remains heavily weighted to weekend occupancy. In the casino, we saw broad-based strength across key segments with slot handle and table drop reaching 85% and 72% of Q4 2019 levels respectively during the quarter. We remain focused on cost discipline in Las Vegas with our OpEx per day, excluding gaming taxes decreasing to $1.6 million per day in Q4 2020 from $3 million per day in Q4 2019 and from $1.8 million per day in Q3 2020. As Matt noted, this COVID accelerated and holiday travel was discouraged around the already seasonally challenging holiday period. The back half of the quarter was weaker than the front. In this environment of suppressed demand we expect 1Q 2021 performance overall to be subdued, but we do expect pockets of strong demand in February, as Matt mentioned around Superbowl and President's Day weekend. We believe that a combination of meaningful permanent cost saves, along with increased group demand position as well to accelerate our recovery as we move into the back half of 2021. In Boston, as noted on the Q3 call and by Matt just now, we generated record adjusted property EBITDA of $11.3 million in October, but curtailed operating hours stemming from the state stay at home order negatively impacted EBITDA during November and December. We were pleased by the recent decision to lift stay at home orders. And we are now picking up where we left off in October. Similar to Las Vegas, we've remained very disciplined on the cost side with OpEx per day, excluding gaming tax of $680,000 in Q4 2020, compared to $1.3 million per day in Q4 2019 and $750,000 per day in Q3 2020. Turning to Wynn Interactive, are 72% owned, online gaming and sports betting subsidiary continues to advance our sports betting and online casino strategy with current annualized run rate, gross gaming revenue of around $50 million based on results in January and early February. WynnBET our online  our U.S. online sports betting and casino gaming application has now been live in New Jersey for several months. And we recently launched in Colorado and Michigan. As Matt mentioned, we are simultaneously scaling operations, improving our brand positioning, making product improvements and launching a new state. We expect to continue to see growth in the business with much of that growth back half loaded, particularly as we enter the 2021 NFL season. Our CapEx in the quarter was $29 million. As noted last quarter, the vast majority of our CapEx plans remain on hold, and we are only proceeding with our highest priority projects. With that, operator, we will now open up the call to Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Carlo Santarelli. [Deutsche Bank] Go ahead. Your line is open.
Carlo Santarelli: Hey guys. Thank you. Craig, I'll start with you first. You talked obviously a lot about some of the cost cuts and noted, I think on a segment level basis, some of the declines in Macau obviously, and not adjusting for any hold or anything else that obviously would have influenced the numbers a little bit. It looks like the year-over-year was down about 25% in terms of how you guys think about the permanent reductions relative to some of the variable stuff that will come back. How are you thinking about kind of the run rate as business levels normalize in terms of permanence?
Craig Billings: A good question Carlo. I think, we'll see as the market progresses and volume starts to come back, you can see that we had a slight uptake in the quarter as we moved from kind of zero at the mid  at the earlier portion of the year into that kind of 30% of Q4 2019 levels of volumes. So a decent chunk of those are permanent, but I must, of course caution you. It's not the same as the U.S., right? Staffing flexibility, just isn't the same as the U.S. So some of those will come back, but we feel like we're appropriately sized and the cost base is appropriately sized for the business volumes that we have today.
Carlo Santarelli: Great. Thank you for that. And then Matt or Ciaran, one of the guys from Macau, if you guys could kind of provide, and I know it's not an easy answer, but any thoughts that you have around kind of the cadence of sort of visa loosening and what you guys are potentially hearing as it pertains to that topic?
Matt Maddox: Ian, why don't you take that one?
Ian Coughlan: So we were very happy with the cadence of running from October golden week into the Christmas and Western New Year period, where we had two weeks of extremely strong occupancy and great play on the floor, particularly in premium mass. And quite frankly, there was a lot of anticipation about Chinese New Year, and clearly we had a number of outbreaks in China during January, late December and January that have curtailed a lot of travel and understandably the authorities and the PRC have been working hard to contain the outbreaks. The cases have dropped from the 100s to the teens. So that's very positive, but it has impacted the booking cycle for Chinese New Year. We do have a lot of player interest still in Chinese New Year. We have a number of our bigger players reserving suites and villas. And they will potentially travel, but certainly it's affected bookings throughout town. So we're probably looking at more like an October golden week situation than the Christmas and Western New Year period. However, we believe that it's a temporary setback, a very temporary setback as winter is ending. The recent outbreaks have been contained and vaccines are starting to get rolled out. They're getting rolled out obviously by the millions in China, but locally in Macau, we've just received our first delivery of a 100,000 vaccines. And in late March, we have a further delivery and distribution of another 100,000 were a small population. In terms of visas opening up more and more people being allowed access into Macau. That's obviously very fluid and very linked to containment in China, but there has behind the scenes being a pickup in number one optimism, and number two discussions between the authorities and the Greater Bay Area between Hong Kong, the PRC and Macau about the reestablishment of a travel bubble. So people are looking to the future. There is light at the end of the tunnel. This is a temporary setback, cadences frankly demand is out there and we're priming our properties to take full advantage of that. We command the luxury sector and we believe that we're ready to take more than our fair market share. We proved in Q4, we built market share up to nearly 16% and we believe that there is more market share for us to take, particularly given that we've commanded the luxury sector. And those are the customers that are coming back.
Carlo Santarelli: Great, Ian. Thank you so much, guys.
Operator: Our next question is from Joe Greff from JPMorgan. Go ahead. Your line is open.
Joe Greff: Hello everybody. Matt, you spent a decent amount of time in your opening remarks talking about the opportunities in the premium mass segment. Can you talk about how the premium mass segment that the volumes in the fourth quarter compared relative to, or how they did relative to overall mass table troubleshooting with them, on my math here down 51% year-over-year, which by the way was better than, I guess the one cooperator who's reported fourth quarter results so far. And I'm presuming the premium mass is better than that. And can you talk about what's driving that improvement versus the base mass or versus I think we all probably understand what's going on with the VIP and certainly with the junkets. And then you also mentioned related to premium mass [ph], and you also mentioned that, I guess, expectations about month over month improvement. So is the premium mass performance in January, did that exceed December? And did you see that trend that sequential improvement month over month throughout the fourth quarter?
Matt Maddox: Yes, sure, Joe. I don't want to say that we are seeing that in January because as Ian pointed out, there were some restrictions that were put in place, continued restrictions in China as there were some small outbreaks in COVID, but the way that it was handled and pretty much quickly put out has been extraordinary. I was on the phone on a zoom call actually with someone in Shanghai last night who was just talking about it's life as usual. I mean, we're back, we're going to clubs, were going out, they're really ready to travel and go to Macau. And so there's a real sense of optimism when you're talking to people in China and we are very well positioned for that customer, that is the premium segment. Yes, the premium segment did better than the core mass segment. I don't want to get into the exact numbers, but it was not down 50% as the overall mass was. But what you know about our business Joe is where we do not need 50,000 people a day walking through our facilities to get back to our EBITDA target. We require significantly less people because we cater to the higher end customer, and those are going to be the customers in our opinion, that are going to be traveling first. They're going to be the ones that are coming back first, and we're targeting that segment. And we think that we're going to get more market share in the premium mass segment than we have in the past.
Joe Greff: Thank you for that.
Operator: Our next question is from Shaun Kelly with Bank of America. Go ahead. Your line is open.
Shaun Kelly: Hi, good afternoon, everyone. One of the  maybe you switched to Las Vegas for a quick question. You give some great commentary on how well the casino performance has been. And I think it's been decently consistent around town. And I just wanted to get your thoughts on, we don't ask a lot about the casino block specifically for when, but was wondering if you'd give us a little bit more high  kind of high level color on how important is that casino and rated play business for win in Las Vegas, any directional sense of how important that is and what you guys could do to maybe lean into that just to maybe stabilize things and continue to perform like you kind of already are.
Marilyn Spiegel: Hi, this is Marilyn. And I can't stress enough how important that casino businesses to us. We have really leaped in. And we have seen that casino segment of the hotel be stronger and stronger and resilient. And so our casino hosted play almost the vast majority of our play is rated play. The casino host team has done an unbelievable job in getting these guests to return over and over. The events that we planned, the database that we have really, the improvements that we made in 2020 for all those tools have really come through exceptionally strong. And in those areas where we have unhosted rated business, we launched win rewards in December, and that has been so far a very smooth launch. And we're looking forward to having enough of those players come. Really Superbowl will be the first opportunity that we've had to do that. So the casino marketing team has been the stars of the COVID situation. And so they're driving the bus right now.
Matt Maddox: I mean, if you look at just the market  gaming market share, we used to be around 8% to 9% of the market, say 2018, 2019, and now we're closer to 15% of the market and that's not by accident. I think all the measures that we've taken to make sure that this place as it's restaurant open, it is fun. It feels  it is very safe. The staff continue to be highly motivated and focused on service. We've been taking share in the domestic high end. It's a fact. We've been seeing players that we've never seen before. And we're going to continue to lean into that segment because I actually think that we're very well positioned to take market share.
Shaun Kelly: Thank you both. And then maybe it's just my follow-up, to switch over to Wynn Interactive. Just, could you give us a status or a little bit of a thought process around marketing? It sounds like you've already made some progress and have lined up a lot of strong partners to get some of these states launch. When is the right time to kind of lean in on the marketing spend? Have you already, or do you really expect thats going to be kind of back half loaded as you mentioned Craig, when maybe the players are ready to receive that message around some of the seasonality?
Craig Billings: Sure. Well, first of all, it's incredibly important to make sure that your product is in a state where you feel like you can scale it. So, we're making  we're doing product drops really every two weeks. And our focus there is making sure that we can achieve market parity in order to do that. I would say that's our number one focus. And it consumes 40% of our time on Wynn Interactive. Then the other key component as you rightly point out are kind of two parts of marketing performance marketing, where you are actually kind of driving installs through ad networks, through Facebook, et cetera. And we certainly have begun to hit the gas on that component of our marketing because you can do it in a very targeted way. The second component of marketing is really third-party relationships and third-party partnerships, mass media, if you will. And that's a little bit of a chicken or the egg, because before you engage in large scale mass media, you want to make sure that your product is where you want it to be, and for us, that's a high standard given our brand. And you want to make sure that you are in enough states to where any bleed that you are experiencing into states where it's not legal is acceptable. And so, you should expect to see a lot more from us on the third-party mass media marketing side, over the course of 2021. But we're doing performance marketing today in order to begin to scale the product.
Shaun Kelly: Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question is from Thomas Allen with Morgan Stanley. Go ahead your line is open.
Thomas Allen: Hi, how is it going? Just in terms of Macau can you just update us on your latest thinking on the VIP business and maybe structural risk there? Thank you.
Craig Billings : Yes, sure. So, we've been focused on the future of Macau and clearly, we're leaning in on the premium mass segment and on the mass segment. The VIP business is not going away. But it is definitely going to be less, whether it's 20% of 2019 or 35% of 2019 in the future, it's hard to say. But it's going to exist, it's evolving, it's consolidating. And so we'll still be a player in VIP, it will still be a large contributor to our company and to our bottom line. But we're really focused on the premium mass segment. Ian, do you have anything to add on that?
Ian Coughlan: Just looking back to December, our VIP got back to 35% of December in 2019 numbers. So it's certainly not a small contributor. It still continues to grow and get better. The pace of recovery is obviously slower than the premium mass. But even in January we had a lot of activity from our big players. So people in our premium direct program. So its certainly not faded away completely. It is growing. And it is tied to the health of the general market. The pace of recovery is just a bit slower. So it will continue to be part of our business.
Craig Billings: I do think that there will be significantly less VIP players as junkets consolidate and fall out, but there will still be very large VIP players. And our focus is on that direct business and on the very high end, as opposed to having lots of junket operators trying to drive lots of VIP customers. It's really more about  it's really about the premium VIP segment. And that's where we've been focused,
Thomas Allen: Very helpful color. And then just on the interactive side, now that you are in three states, any updated thinking about just how competitive the market is and any concerns there? Thank you.
Craig Billings: The market is quite competitive clearly. But, I think, that  I have been surprised at the size of the market. I think Michigan has been a really interesting test case for how quickly it's ramped and the size of both the sports and the online gaming. So yes, it's tough competition, but I think, the market is larger than we anticipated. And there's going to be plenty of room for great brands and great product. And this, we think 2021 is going to be our year to really get into this.
Thomas Allen: Thank you. Good luck. 
Craig Billings: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question is from Stephen Grambling with Goldman Sachs. Go ahead, your line is open.
Stephen Grambling: Hi, thanks. Just as a follow-up on that, the comment around consolidation VIP if we were to go back to 2015, 2016, it seemed like a similar expectation was out there for continued restriction, VIP play. Then that business came back very strong in 2017, 2018. How would you compare and contrast what is happening now versus then? And how quickly could you pivot back if you saw liquidity ramp back up? In other words, do you need to reconfigure again, or is it as simple as slotting the junkets back in?
Craig Billings : That's a good question. I think, to ramp VIP back up, it's actually not that complicated. You can just slot junkets in. But we really think that Macau is transforming much more into a tourist destination focused on more than just gaming. And so our focus is on the non-gaming side. It's on the premium mass side. I really don't anticipate the VIP market snapping back like it did after 2016. I think it will definitely be there. It will definitely be a large market, but the growth driver is going to be on the premium mass side and the mass side.
Stephen Grambling: Understood. And then moving back to Las Vegas and you had some good commentary on convention bookings. Maybe if we peel back the onion a little bit, what have you seen or heard about corporate demand since the vaccine results were announced and rollout started? And has, I guess, feedback driven the healthy passport strategy, or is that more regulated tourism?
Craig Billings : No, that feedback is really win-driven because everyone is very cautious and no one really knows what they can do. So, they look at current restrictions and rooms and they say, you can't have more than 250 people. How can we hold a convention? So, there's more questions than answers. And what we're trying to do is solve those questions. And so, we'll have to get our state comfortable that we can exceed the current limits and we can continue to have more people in one room by doing the things that we're doing. And I do think that's one of the reasons we haven't seen a lot of fallout quite yet in the back half of the year, because a lot of corporates are still waiting to see if there will be solutions for people to get back together in a large way and we're trying to provide those. So, of the 170,000 room nights, we have booked, of course, there's going to be cancellations. And there's going to be wash and it's hard to predict. But people are more sanguine now about the back half of the year than I've seen on the corporate side. And we're just trying to show the way with our COVID testing lab and our vaccination center.
Stephen Grambling: Fair enough. Thanks so much. Best of luck.
Craig Billings: Operator, I think, we have time for one last question.
Operator: Okay. Our final question is from David Katz with Jefferies. Go ahead your line is open.
David Katz: Hi good afternoon, everyone. Thanks for taking my question. In the context that we often discuss the prospects of concession, explorations and how that rolls, and that information that's knowable obviously is extremely difficult. Thoughts or strategies, how do you sort of deal with that? And is there a realistic, more realistic possibility that this is sort of a deferred circumstance that maybe more than a couple of years away?
Craig Billings: David I'll answer that question the same way we do each quarter, which is we continue to heavily invest in the community. We're known as good corporate partners. We're known as one of the top employers. And what we want to do is provide real value for Macau and for the Greater Bay Area. So, we understand our place there. We're good partners with everyone in Macau and in the Greater Bay Area. And we're going to continue to do that and work closely with the government as they determine what the concession renewal process will be.
David Katz: Got it. Thank you. You've covered a lot. I appreciate it. Thank you.
Craig Billings: You are welcome.
Matt Maddox: All right. Thank you everybody for joining us. We'll see you next quarter.
Operator: That concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-11-05 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Wynn Resorts Third Quarter 2020 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. I would now turn the line over to Craig Billings, President and Chief Financial Officer. Sir, you may begin.
Craig Billings: Thank you, operator, and good afternoon, everyone. On the call with me today are Matt Maddox and Marilyn Spiegel in Las Vegas. Also on the line are Ian Coughlan; Linda Chen; Ciaran Carruthers; Frederic Luvisutto; and Brian Gullbrants. I want to remind you that we may make forward-looking statements under safe harbor federal securities laws, and those statements may or may not come true. I will now turn the call over to Matt Maddox.
Matt Maddox: Thanks, Craig. And thank you for joining us today everyone. I'm sure everybody's glued to the television watching these exciting election results right now. So we'll get right into it on our results here. I'd like to start in Macau. So the third quarter in Macau was really very similar to the second. There wasn't a lot to talk about. We're still seeing roughly 8% to 10% of our visitor volumes compared to pre-COVID levels. And it was really  there was just not a whole lot going on. But as everyone has been seeing, the government of Macau with its deliberate approach and steadfastness has been working very hard to continue to open Macau. Macau was probably one of the safest places on the planet, hasnt had COVID case in months and months and months. And everyone there is really excited to see the progress that's going on. So as an example, in the month of August in Macau, our EBITDA line was negative $40 million, because there was very little revenue and we were carrying our costs. Our team's doing a great job saving money where we can, being more efficient while protecting the local employment and all of our employees. However, in October, we started to see those trends change. So we went from 10% of our normal visitor volumes up to almost 30%, and it wasn't just over Golden Week, it was actually throughout the month. And in fact, I looked at our visitor data from November 2, 3, and 4, it went balanced, before I walked in here and we're seeing roughly 6,000 people a day come in the building, pre-COVID, that number was 18,000. So those trends that we saw in early October are continuing into November. From a revenue standpoint in October, mass drop on the table side was roughly 40% of our pre-COVID levels. And on the junket side, which everyone's been talking about the junket business, what's going to happen to it. Is it going to survive? Where is it going to go? Clearly it's changing. Clearly it will be, even as we come through this than it was before. But it's still very real. We saw 30% roughly between 25% and 30% in turnover compared to our pre-COVID levels in the junket space. So that activity produced actual positive EBITDA for us in October. So if you think about it, we went from a negative $40 million in August, which was normal, similar in July, et cetera, to a positive $6 million in October, quite a big swing. And what we are optimistic about in Macau is the way that everything has been handled there, it doesn't appear to be one step forward, one step backward, one step forward, it's been a very deliberate approach, very thoughtful. And it just feels like we are  and the market is just going to continue to get better. I don't know at what speed, I don't know what pace, but the overall mood, attitude and interjectory is quite good. In fact, looking in October at our retail sales, they were roughly flat with last year and our top five stores in Macau were up 25% compared to last year. So there's real consumer  pent-up consumer demand and it's just going to take time for the market to continue to open. But we feel really good about the current trajectory that's going on there. Moving to North America. As we talked about on the last call, we are not going to sacrifice our brand or our culture to make an extra few dollars here or there. That means, while we have significantly less staff approximately 7,400 less staff globally, now that we did pre-COVID, we are still operating at a five-star level in Macau and in North America. We are focused on making sure we have the highest room rates in the market. But we've also been focusing on making sure that we continue to breakeven or make money. And in Las Vegas, we made $20 million in the third quarter, both adjusted closer to $28 million. Some of the things that are encouraging that we're seeing in Las Vegas is we are taking share in the casino segment. We're seeing new domestic customers that we've never seen before, that previously were lifers at some of our competitors. And I think for all of the reasons that we've been laying out from our security protocols of checking everyone, when they walk in to our COVID to all of our restaurants being open, we're beginning to continue  we're not beginning, we are taking market share on the casino side. Slots in the market were down over 33% during the quarter and we were down 16%. Table drop was down about 35% in the quarter and we were down 25%. So we're just seeing more business. We're seeing higher end customers, not a lot, but we're seeing  I believe, we are gaining share on that front. In October in Las Vegas, we actually had our best month. We generated roughly $14 million of EBITDA in October. We had a little bit of hold lock in there maybe $2 million, but overall, it was a very good month. Now, as everyone on the call knows, Las Vegas has seasonality and we're coming in to the slow time. So COVID cases are picking up in the U.S. obviously, and November, December are quite slow in Las Vegas and have been heavily reliant on group. So our team  so October will not be repeated in November and September, but it shows that  when there is just a little bit of business with the way we've restructured our expense line, the amount of operating leverage that we have now revenue quickly converts into EBITDA. And our focus as things do get a little slower during the winter is to make sure that we stay EBITDA positive. That's what we're going to do in Las Vegas. And I would think  it's hard to tell, but I think Wynn Las Vegas probably was the most profitable integrated resort casino on the strip, or if not the most, it was definitely at the top of the list. So our strategy is working, were maintaining our brand, were maintaining our culture and we're making a little bit of money. Moving to Boston. Encore Boston Harbor is really starting to hit its stride. So we generated roughly $26 million in EBITDA, significantly more than we ever have in the past during the quarter. And our team has really learned how to be a super regional operator. We focus during the shutdown on how to run Encore Boston Harbor differently than we were, because clearly what we were doing was not quite right. And so we have  we've had a laser focus on the casino segment. And what it is that those customers want and how we're going to deliver it. And if you look at our results, slot handle per day, just overall volume per day was actually up over last year. It's pretty extraordinary, when you think about we 1,800 slot machines open during this third quarter, compared to 3,000 last year and volume was higher on a daily basis. Wynn per unit was over $400 on 1,800 units, so I think $407 compared to $219 last year. So Encore Boston Harbor is really starting to understand how and we are starting to understand what that market is, how to market to those customers and how to monetize there. Massachusetts recently just this week announced that starting over the weekend, restaurants, bars, casinos, et cetera, will need to close, COVID-related, starting at 9:30 at night. That's clearly a setback for us, but it's very temporary. And I'm sure it's the right thing to do from a health perspective. The government of Massachusetts has done a terrific job throughout all of this, managing this from Governor Baker to the Massachusetts Gaming Commission. So we view it as a temporary setback, but it's really nothing that we're worried about because our business model is sound. And I think that we're going to continue to see increases in revenue and increase in EBITDA out of Encore Boston Harbor. Moving onto  one more topic, this is a new one for us. There's been a lot going on in the gaming world concerning sports betting and in particular online sports betting. We've been very focused on this topic for the last couple of years, but we've been admittedly quiet about it. In 2019, working with Craig Billings, who is helping me run this effort. We decided that we wanted to focus on product first. So how could we have the best product, because that is who we are when it comes to sports betting, online sports betting? We scoured the earth and we found a company in the UK called BetBull. And the Founders and the operators of that company, we had a great cultural fit. They were the Founders of Bwin and Party and understand this intimately and theyve built a product in the UK, it was really very social. So the engagement that they had with their customers was quite extraordinary and therefore, their KPIs were really, really good. So when you see your friend making a bet, it will pop up on your phone. Do you want to follow your friend? It's very parlay heavy. It moves you into chat rooms quickly. It's fun. It's a lot of fun. And their user acquisition costs in the UK and their LTVs were quite attractive relative to industry standards. So we made an investment in that company in 2019 and began working on U.S. rollout with them. We then move forward and we acquired that company. We own 70% of that company now, and they are a fully integrated in, we have 150 people inside Wynn Interactive and we've begun our U.S. rollout. So quietly, we can now talk about it. We have signed market access deals in the United States in nine states that represents about 25% of the total addressable market. I think a lot of the analysts on this call say that that's roughly $20 billion to $30 billion. So we already have access to 25% of that. And we're in very active dialogue, definitive documentation in many cases on seven additional states, which represents another third of that market. So the way that we're going, we think that we'll have more than half of the total addressable market through market access deals, underway in winner active in fairly short order. We have launched WynnBET our product in New Jersey. We're learning a lot. We have product releases every two weeks and so far and Craig will talk a little bit more about this, our CPAs are quite good and it's encouraging what we're seeing. So we will be rolling out this product into various markets where we have access. And it's something that we have a lot of focused on. We've invested $80 million within  into that company to focus on user acquisition and continued development over the next few months. And we've had lots and lots of interest from various people wanting to co-invest, wanting to be a part of it. And what I've been focused on along with Craig is, we're going to build an amazing product and have a real business opportunity and roll it out. And that's where we are and feel very good that, while currently Wynn Interactive does roughly $20 million in revenue, that number is going to grow at a exponential rate as we move forward. So with that, I think I'll go ahead and open it up to Craig to talk a little bit more about the quarter.
Craig Billings: Thanks, Matt. I'd like to start with a few points on liquidity and operating expenses. As of October 31, our global cash and liquidity position was over $3.4 billion, providing us with significant runway to weather the pandemic. In Macau, we had approximately $2.2 billion of available liquidity as of October 31, in the U.S., we had total available liquidity of approximately $1.2 billion on October 31, with substantially lower domestic daily cash burn, as demand has started to return to each of our markets. Meanwhile, we continue to be very focused on operating expense. Compared to the fourth quarter of 2019, our global FTE count has decreased by nearly 7,500 or 30%. And our global payroll and non-variable expenses declined by nearly $200 million or 34% leading to consolidated OpEx per day, inclusive of corporate and exclusive of gaming taxes of $4.8 million compared to $7.6 million in Q4 2019. While these are often difficult decisions, many of the changes we made to achieve these decreases are permanent and will drive operating leverage as business volumes return. It's important to note that the 3Q OpEx numbers I just mentioned, and those that I will mention throughout my remarks exclude the benefit of a reversal of certain payroll and incentive accruals totaling approximately $50 million, which are reflected in our earnings release. In Macau as Matt noted, we have been encouraged by performance during October, as we delivered positive normalized EBITDA during the month driven by solid gaming and non-gaming performance, as well as a continued focus on cost control. Gross gaming revenue per day in October was approximately 33% Q4 2019 with premium mass strengthening into the later portion of the month. With respect to cost controls, our OpEx again, excluding gaming taxes and excluding the reversal of certain performance-based incentives accruals in the third quarter was approximately $2 million, this is down from approximately $3 million in Q4 2019. At Wynn Las Vegas we generated $20.3 million of adjusted property EBITDA, or approximately $28 million adjusted for lower than normal hold from a business that is heavily weighted to weakened occupancy. In the casino, we saw broad-based strength across key segments with both table drop and/or reaching 78% of Q4 2019 levels during the quarter. We remain focused on cost discipline in Las Vegas with our OpEx per day, excluding gaming taxes and excluding the reversal of those performance-based incentive accruals decreasing to $1.8 million per day in Q3 2020 from $3 million per day in Q4 2019. In this environment of suppress group demand, we expect recent trends to generally continued throughout Q1 2021. We believe the combination of meaningful permanent cost saves along with increased group demand position as well to accelerate our recovery as we move into the back half of 2021. In Boston, we reopened in July with a number of safety related operating restrictions in play. As Matt mentioned, our reopening plan there was focused on operating only those amenities that support the casino. Overall, we have seen encouraging trends in the casino, particularly in slots with handle per day operating day up approximately 5% versus Q4 2019. Similar to Las Vegas, we made a number of operating and staffing adjustments resulting in daily OpEx down from Q4 2019, by approximately 40% to approximately $750,000 per day in 3Q 2020. Our CapEx in the quarter was $69 million. As noted last quarter, the vast majority of our CapEx plans remain on hold and we're only proceeding with the highest priority projects. Finally, in October, we entered into a series of transactions resulting in the creation of Wynn Interactive through the merger of BetBull, our strategic partner for digital gaming and several Wynn owned entity. I'd like to welcome the BetBull team to the Wynn family. This new subsidiary Wynn Interactive is 71% owned by Wynn Resorts and positions us well to advance our sports betting and online casino business during 2021. WynnBET our sports betting and online casino application has been live in New Jersey for several months. And while it's early days, initial returns on our user acquisition spend have been encouraging. Over the next two quarters, we anticipate going live in Colorado, Michigan and Indiana. We have posted a series of slides on our IR website, further outlining the Wynn Interactive business. We're excited to tell you more about that business as it develops in 2021. With that, we'll now open up the call to Q&A. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Carlo Santarelli from Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Carlo Santarelli: Hey, guys, good afternoon and thanks for all the details. Matt, as you see kind of Macau is starting to ramp up and shape up. Obviously, and you guys mentioned it in your remarks, the premium mass performance has kind of picked up through October. When you think about the VIP environment and the premium mass environment, if you look out  look over the next one to two to three years, relative to 2019, how would you characterize your expectations for the mix of those two segments within the GGR channel?
Matt Maddox: So if you look at our business model, Carlos, we're not reliant on 50,000 people coming through our doors a day, we are in the premium business. So we feel quite good about the premium mass and premium spot segment. There is continued customer demand. Lots of people like to point out, various issues. But when you think about Macau, it's positioned and how important it is in the Greater Bay area and the development of Macau into a global destination  global tourist destination for the Greater Bay Area, we feel very, very good about our position in particular, on the premium mass side over the next couple of years. We have the right product. As far as the junkets, again, lots of conversation about junkets that business is not dead as some people like to say. We saw  get back to 25% to 30% of its previous levels. I believe it will continue to consolidate with some of the largest operators and we will continue to participate in it. So I don't anticipate that junket business will be back to 2019 levels, because it is consolidating and it is shrinking, but the Macau market overall is very well positioned to be one of the top tourist destinations in Asia over the next three years. Operator, next question.
Operator: Our next question comes from Joe Greff from JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Joe Greff: Good afternoon, everyone. Just kind of going back to the trends that you saw in Macau in October and month to date, there is a big difference in terms of the premium mass, looking at it versus a year ago, in terms of minimum bet, length of stay, its ability to move around between your Peninsula property and your Coast side property? And is there a big difference in the recovery, whether it's on the Peninsula or Coast side as well?
Matt Maddox: Sure. Ian, why don't you take that answer  that question?
Ian Coughlan: Sure. We've noticed very strong premium mass pickup in both properties and they are different destinations, but one hasn't grown at the expense of the other. So we're very encouraged by premium mass activity in Wynn Macau and Wynn Macau Palace. In terms of the type of player, their wallet size, their length of stay, the biggest noticeable factor has been their length of stay previously it was approximately two nights, it's been up to three and four nights over the last six weeks. So we're very encouraged. Both our properties are niche, luxury products that are completely geared for premium mass and VIP. And we've really benefited from that, we've grown market share. And looking out to the future, we see premium mass continuing to grow on both properties.
Joe Greff: Great. Thank you, Ian. And then Craig, my follow-up question is on Wynn Interactive. Can you talk about the future intentions to fund and invest in Wynn Interactive? I guess, when you look at it now, how sufficiently capitalized it's a fund growth into Colorado, Michigan, Indiana and in other markets?
Craig Billings: Sure, Joe. First of all, we're big believers in the segment. The digital business is, as you know, is all about customer lifetime value and marketing spend to obtain that lifetime value. So our marketing plan involves a combination of out-of-home advertising partnerships like you saw with NASCAR and digital marketing. We seated the business with $80 million and we'll deploy marketing spend at scale as long as it continues driving the appropriate customer lifetime value.
Joe Greff: Great. Thanks.
Matt Maddox: And Joe, it's Matt. We've had a lot of interest, as you could imagine from various very large financial investors to other strategics to public markets wanting to be a part of this. And we've been really focused on making sure that we build this business correctly, that we own the vast majority of it. And I'm sure over time there could be other funding sources, but only on our terms.
Joe Greff: And just as a follow-up Matt or Craig on this, do you have an option to buy out the other 29 tenants under pure conditions or anything like that?
Matt Maddox: No. We actually love our partners. The Founder of BetBull is in that stub equity, Norbert, one of the founders of Bwin is in that stub equity. We're delighted to have our partners.
Joe Greff: Thanks, guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from Felicia Hendrix from Barclays. Your line is open.
Felicia Hendrix: Thank you so much. First, just as a housekeeping and I know we've kind of moved past this period with the kind of power in October, but can you just help us know what the whole adjusted EBITDA was in Macau for the quarter?
Craig Billings: It was essentially as reported.
Felicia Hendrix: Okay. So the one offset the other.
Craig Billings: Yes. That's right.
Felicia Hendrix: Okay. And Craig, the detail on the OpEx by segment was super helpful. And I know you've talked about a lot of the costs that you removed, but I would have seen that as we got into a more normalized environment, some of those costs will return. So if we're trying to model out looking into the future, how should we think about the OpEx, again, assuming that some of those cost will return?
Craig Billings: Yes. It's a good question, Felicia. Thank you. In the U.S. both properties Q3 OpEx was pretty consistent from reopening through October once you adjust for those accrual reversals that I mentioned. So we think those OpEx levels are reflective at the current environment and certainly sustainable for the near-term, particularly with the adjusted hours at Encore Las Vegas. In Macau, we saw a modest increase in variable expenses per day as business volumes returned in October. OpEx was up a little over 10% compared to the $2 million per day I mentioned in Q3, again, adjusting for those accrual reversals. Of course, that's compares to revenues that were up a lot more than that, which is why we were EBITDA positive. Overtime, a good chunk of the cost savings that we have implemented will be retained. And that's particularly true in the U.S. where I think we're actually running our businesses differently, while maintaining the appropriate level of brand standards. So it's a little early to give you guidance on what portion will come back, but a significant chunk will stay out of the business. And that's how we'll drive operating leverage as the business returns.
Felicia Hendrix: Okay. Thank you. And then just moving to BETWIN and Matt, you said that the curfew would be shirtless, as we think about the impact of the curfew, what is your customer mix usually look like at night versus during the day. There was an effect during the day or the traffic is heavier at night. What kind of impact do you think that you might have on the property?
Matt Maddox: Sure. So clearly it will have an impact, so more than half of our revenue is generated between  at night. So closing at 9:30 is going to have quite an impact. What we're going to do is, we're going to have a much lower operating expense. So we're likely going to see our FTE count go down by somewhere between 670 and 1000 people during this. So we will continue  I believe, we'll continue to be able to be EBITDA positive, but it's unclear how much. We want to stay above zero during this closure, because again, more than half of our revenue is generated at the time when we'll be closed. And so I think some of that will come when we're open and we're going to offset it with expenses. Brian, our Property President from Encore Boston Harbor. Brian, do you have anything to add to that?
Brian Gullbrants: No. I think in continuing with all our marketing efforts, we're not changing a thing. We're really focused on making sure we're driving business, while controlling all expenses. So the team's done a great job and we'll continue to do that through this and adjust as necessary.
Felicia Hendrix: Great. Thank you so much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Shaun Kelley from Bank of America. Your line is open.
Shaun Kelley: Hi. Great. Thanks for taking my question, everyone. Just maybe for Matt or Craig, as we think about Macau a little bit longer term, and you're starting to see this rebounding trajectory. I just wanted to kind of think through the segments. And do you think there's any particular reason just given the product that you have in the market that you shouldn't be able to return largely to your normal kind of pre-COVID market shares? Is there anything that's changing enough that you think that that sort of that market share that you've had in the past, is no longer plausible? Or do you think that, when some of the junket pieces recover in particular and given the product that you could still do okay there?
Matt Maddox: Sure. So I think, just to be totally fair, our top line market share will likely might not get quite back to 2019 just because the junket business will unlikely get back to where it was in 2019. But when you look at what the EBITDA contribution was out of that segment pre-COVID, I'm talking about junket business, it was between 10% and 15%. So our EBITDA and EBITDA share, I think we'll be able to get back to the pre-COVID levels because we were already very premium mass and premium spot heavy. And that has been the focus of Linda Chen and Kenny and our full marketing team. And they're doing a very good job there. And I think we're really well positioned given that the overall crowds or customers will likely be less. I don't think Macau will be getting back to a hundred thousand people a day in the short term. So focusing on the higher end in the premium segment, which is where we are, I think will actually be an advantage in terms of our EBITDA and EBITDA share in the market.
Shaun Kelley: Thanks for that. And sort of as a follow-up on the same theme. I mean, Craig, you walk through some of the operating expense statistics and you talked about them for Vegas, but you've also been able to probably optimize Macau a little bit more. And appreciate that, the headcount piece is not particularly negotiable, but there's going to be some mix shift here as it can relate to mass versus VIP and other things. So do you think there's prospects for sort of higher go-forward margins in Macau and does any insight or color you can provide on how you think at least the non-tax OpEx piece is playing out there?
Craig Billings: Sure. First of all, the team has done a tremendous job continuing to support local employment, but dealing with controllable OpEx, they've implemented any number of programs with really with every dollar matters approach. And I can tell you, we're incredibly happy with how they've done that. A number of those saves, which are admittedly less than in the U.S., because you're right, labor is less flexible. A number of those saves will be permanent. I alluded  actually I stated in my prepared remarks that OpEx came back about a little over 10% in October relative to the $2 million per day that we experienced in Q3, which was reflective of some of that variable expense coming back as players came back. But a reasonable chunk of what they've done will provide margin enhancements over time.
Shaun Kelley: Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Thomas Allen with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Thomas Allen: Thank you. On the interactive side, there's a lot of discussion about how competitive the New Jersey market is having operated there for a little. And Craig and the team  the Wynn team having operated in Europe, does that concern you at all? And then can you also just talk about the NASCAR partnership a little bit? Thank you.
Craig Billings: Sure. Happy to do that. So first of all, again, this is a business of customer lifetime value and cost per acquisition. And customer lifetime value and cost per acquisition have to make sense in order to deploy marketing spend. We have a tremendous brand, that brand has  will we believe and has in our social casino segment allowed us to acquire at a rate that is cheaper than the overall prevailing market. We intend to leverage that brand. We intend to leverage the land-based assets that we can bring to bear to be competitive. At the same time, every two weeks, as we're putting out a release, we're going to make our product better and better and make it the fitting of Wynn standards. And we think that that will drive an outside's customer lifetime value. And so, if you can drive a higher LTV and you can drive a lower CPA, you can scale a business like this, and we intend to do so. With respect to NASCAR, we have a long history with NASCAR. Actually, we we've hosted them a number of times at Wynn Las Vegas and the group and convention business. We have a tremendous amount of respect for them as an organization. And we were delighted to partner with them in pursuit of a license in Virginia. Today that relationship is very focused on Virginia, but we'll see where it goes.
Thomas Allen: Good color. And then just on Macau, can you just talk a bit about like the competition in the premium mass segment? Are you seeing any increase level of competition or anything, anyone doing anything irrational? Thank you.
Matt Maddox: It's Matt, from my perspective, it seems like everyone's being  promotions are in check. People are just focused on trying to do what they can and watch the market come back. But Ian is there anything or Linda that you'd like to add to that.
Ian Coughlan: There hasn't been any shift in increased promotional activity. Everybody's being very measured and careful about it. So I don't  nobody's gone crazy at this point. There's enough business going around the premium mass the story and the tone we feel particularly encouraged because it's our market when we've got two niche these properties, so nothing unusual.
Matt Maddox: Operator, we'll take one more question.
Operator: Our final question comes from Stephen Grambling from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Stephen Grambling: Hi. Thanks for speaking me in. Two questions, first on Wynn Interactive. As you are looking at the very early results how does the customer base compare, contrast, overlap with your existing customer base? And how does that inform you of the opportunity in sports betting versus potentially interactive gaming?
Matt Maddox: Craig, you want to take that?
Craig Billings: Sure. Great question. So, obviously we're a casino brand. We're a very strong casino brand. So we think there's a lot of opportunity for us in high casino. On the customer acquisition side, the brand provides a distinct competitive advantage. I think that's true for some of our peers as well, but that's particularly true for us given the national recognition and premium nature of our brand. So we think that's an acquisition advantage. On the sports side, we've obviously operated our own sports book for many, many years. We understand trading, we understand what excites the customer and where the market is. And we are working with the team and the BetBull team that understands that as well as we do. So, in terms of database overlap, I mean, that's not going to be enough to scale any digital sports betting business. To be honest, you have to understand what the customer wants. You have to build a product to it, and you have to scale into that. And that's what we're in the early stages of doing in New Jersey.
Stephen Grambling: Fair enough. And maybe for a follow-up just on Las Vegas. Can you give any color on what you're seeing or really more what you're anticipating in terms of international demand and/or group meeting convention demand recovering?
Marilyn Spiegel: So, this is Marilyn. The international demand that we're seeing is for the casino side is limited to people who are already here in the United States. And so we have been pleased with the baccarat business that we've seen. And we have them returning frequently to us. These may be folks from Southern California or someplace domestically. In terms of  you said convention business international, there is none.
Stephen Grambling: No. I guess the question was what percentage of the mix was convention and was international as we think about that effectively at zero now, and you're already seeing a pretty healthy recovery in betting and really revenue and EBITDA. I'm trying to think about layering that back on at some point, and whether you can retain what you have currently?
Marilyn Spiegel: I do think we can retain what we have. I mean, the convention business traditionally was about 30%. And so between casino and leisure and transient, they've all kind of equal out. But clearly our casino customers and our higher end casino customers are coming frequently. They are betting more, they have more sessions.
Craig Billings: And Stephen, I would just add. Our group bookings for the back half of 2021, looks pretty consistent with what you would expect for the back half of any given non-COVID year and we obviously have a lot of capacity in the hotel. You can see that in our occupancy. So we believe we can maintain the momentum that we have. And then when you layer group and convention back on, on top of an OpEx base that is lower than it has historically been, it's a pretty good recipe for operating leverage.
Matt Maddox: And one of the things that we've done is, we will finish this year our own PCR COVID testing lab. And we've partnered with a really strong group out of New York on top of a hospital here. It's under construction now. It's not a lot of money. It's a couple of million dollars, but we will be able to facilitate thousands and thousands and thousands of saliva-based tests that can be distributed throughout the property and turned around within five to six hours PCR. We're not talking antibody or antigen test here. With sensitivity rates and the 98% specificity rates over 99%. So the gold standard in terms of testing and what I've been talking to our elected leaders about is, this could be one of our opportunities as we get through this to get entertainment going again, to get conventions going again, that we'll be able to test thousands of people in a very short period of time so that they can be together. We will be creating safe zones throughout our property. Not for the whole property, but any place like a theater or in a convention where we want to get more people together than 50 or 250. So that's underway. The team is being built. It'll be finished this year. And the best thing would be if we never have to use it, but I'm not sitting around hoping that that will be a good strategy. We're going to be ready and we'll be the first ones, really probably the first ones in the U.S. to do something like that. And a lot of people are paying attention to it. And I think it's going to be a good blueprint to help get Las Vegas back.
Stephen Grambling: Thats helpful. Thanks. Best of luck.
Craig Billings: All right. Thank you everybody for joining the call today. We'll talk to you next time.
Matt Maddox: Thanks.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-08-04 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Wynn Resorts Second Quarter 2020 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions]. I will now turn the line over to Craig Billings, President and Chief Financial Officer. Sir, you may begin.
Craig Billings: Thank you, operator, and good afternoon, everyone. On the call with me today are Matt Maddox; and Marilyn Spiegel in Las Vegas. Also on the line are Ian Coughlan; Linda Chen; Ciaran Carruthers; Frederic Luvisutto; and Brian Gullbrants.  I want to remind you that we may make forward-looking statements under safe harbor federal securities laws, and those statements may or may not come true. I will now turn the call over to Matt.
Matthew Maddox: Thanks, Craig, and thank you, everybody, for joining today. As we look back at what has occurred in 2020, we made a decision back in March that we were going to invest in our brands and our culture.  When we closed our facilities in March in Las Vegas and in Boston and also the borders were restricted in Macau, we decided to pay all 30,000 team members their full wages and benefits through the closure, through the end of May. Because we know that over the long term, our brand and our culture are what is going to lead us out of this and will continue to allow us to lead in this industry.  One thing that we did during the closure is we developed a comprehensive health and safety guidelines that, in fact, I believe, became the gold standard in the hospitality industry. Of course, everyone now has the electrostatic spray and UV technology and all the sanitization efforts same as us, thermal cameras as you walk in to take temperatures. But one of the things that I'm particularly proud of is our testing capability.  Not only did we test all of our employees before they started, but we developed an algorithm where we surveil our staff and we test randomly 500 to 600 people every couple of weeks, and we have 10 contact tracers in-house. To put that in perspective, we performed 16,750 tests, and 98% have come back negative. The roughly 300 that were positive of our staff, our contact tracers contacted them immediately and through an extensive interview process, 99% of those 300 people were exposed outside of Wynn. Each week, I sit with and talk to the head of Global Health Security and Pandemic Research and her team from Georgetown University, going through our protocols and everything that we're doing. And just last week, talking about these numbers, her response was, "Wynn is probably the safest place outside of home that your employees and your customers go during the day." That's part of our brand. That's who we are, and that's what we're going to go live up to.  When we began preparing to reopen on June 4 in Las Vegas, we knew that our brand and our culture were imperative, but so is our cash. And all along, I've been very clear that we were going to be staffing to demand when we opened. We made some tough decisions, rightsizing our expense structure since we've opened. And in the month of June, 26 days at Las Vegas, on a normalized basis, we made roughly $9 million in EBITDA. Our focus here is that we continue to keep our brand and keep our culture intact, but also keep our cash. We are going to continue to focus on breaking even or making money.  We did notice in Las Vegas, there was some pent-up demand, in particular from California as we opened in June. We were receiving roughly 4,000 reservations a day that would be spread over the upcoming 2 weeks. And then as the virus began to spike in our key drive end markets in California and in Arizona, we saw a downtick in reservations, roughly 25% here at Wynn after the 4th of July.  And we staffed appropriately. We're managing our business every day based on that reduced demand. And sitting here 30-odd days into the third quarter, our EBITDA is roughly $5 million. So it's impossible to predict whether Wynn Las Vegas during these times of restriction and closure will be making $5 million a month or $10 million a month. It's really out of our hands outside of the expenses, and we're focused on that every day and what's going on in our key drive end markets. We're experiencing mid-50% occupancy on the weekends and in the 30s during the week. And the visibility is quite murky because it really is short-term bookings from our drive-in markets.  Moving on to Encore Boston Harbor in Massachusetts. Clearly, we were not open in the second quarter. We opened that property in mid-July, on July 12 actually. And Encore Boston Harbor is experiencing what many regional casinos are experiencing around the country. Slot volumes are actually quite good. They're in fact up over last year on significantly reduced units. Table volumes are off and probably disproportionately in Massachusetts relative to some other jurisdictions because of the very tight restrictions that are in place.  As an example, craps and roulette are still not open. We're working closely with the MGC to show how we can do that in a very safe way. And the number of physicians are limited on the table side. So I do think there is more demand than supply for table games in our local markets there, and it's really just limited by our current restrictions. In Macau, the second quarter was similar to the first quarter. And what is good about Macau is the direction of travel feels like progress. So I'm sure as all of you on this call that are watching notice that every 2 weeks, there's a slight reduction in the restrictions, traveler restrictions going to Macau, whether it was eliminating the quarantine between the Guangdong province and Macau, and then allowing for nontourist visas to be issued beginning this month and continued talk among various people about when tourist visas, the individual visa scheme, for the travel bubble of the Guangdong province and Macau will begin.  While we do not have any dates on when that will start, we are confident that, that is going to be happening in 2020. And each week, there seems to be a new, small incremental step forward. And once that travel bubble begins to open and tourist visas are being issued, Macau will be back in business.  So before I hand it back over to Craig to give more color on the quarter, I just want to stress that we are going to be focused on leading in our industry, maintaining our brand, maintaining our culture and maintaining our cash. So there will be winners and losers that come out of this. And when this is over, and we come out, we want to make sure that we have the capital available to grow, and we have the culture in place to take care of our people and our customers.  With that, I'll go ahead and turn it over to Craig for additional thoughts.
Craig Billings: Thank you, Matt. I want to remind everyone that the results presented in our earnings release reflect the closure of Wynn Las Vegas through June 3 and the closure of Encore Boston Harbor for the entire quarter.  As Matt noted, subsequent to reopening in Las Vegas, we generated approximately $9 million of normalized EBITDA from a business that is heavily weighted to weakened occupancy. In the casino, slot business has been resilient with handle per operating day in the second quarter up 2% year-over-year, while table drop per operating day was down 31% year-over-year, primarily due to lower baccarat volumes.  In light of current forecasted business trends and the absence of a number of key visitor segments, the team at Wynn Las Vegas has made adjustments to our business subsequent to reopening, including to staffing. As a result, our daily OpEx levels, excluding gaming taxes in Las Vegas, have declined 40% from Q4 2019 to approximately $1.8 million per day in July. We are focused on cash generation in Las Vegas. And as Matt noted, we expect to be breakeven to slightly EBITDA positive over the next few months, a substantial improvement over the daily cash burn rate we experienced during the closure.  In Boston, we reopened in early July with a number of safety-related operating restrictions in place. Our reopening plan there was focused on opening only those amenities that support the casino, including the closure of the hotel on most weekdays. Overall, we've seen encouraging trends in the casino, particularly in slots with handle per operating day up approximately 7% versus Q4 2019. Similar to Las Vegas, we made a number of operating and staffing adjustments, resulting in a reduction of daily OpEx, excluding gaming taxes from Q4 2019 of approximately 33% to $830,000 per day post reopening in July.  In Macau, business volumes remained subdued throughout the quarter due to ongoing travel restrictions in place in the region. While we await the return of visitation to the market, we have made certain OpEx adjustments with a focus on nonlabor fixed costs. As a result, we anticipate that we will break even at approximately 40% of Q4 2019 gaming volumes. Until that point, we anticipate a gradually improving daily EBITDA burn of $1.5 million to $2 million per day.  As of last Friday, July 31, our global cash and liquidity position was over $3.8 billion, providing us with significant runway to weather the pandemic. In Macau, we had approximately $2.5 billion of available liquidity as of July 31. And in the U.S., we had total available liquidity of $1.3 billion as of July 31, with a substantially lower domestic daily cash burn subsequent to the reopening of our U.S.-based properties. Our CapEx in the quarter was $52 million. As noted last quarter, the vast majority of our CapEx plans remain on hold, and we are only proceeding with our highest priority projects.  Lastly, I'd like to remind everyone that in the first quarter of 2020, we accrued $75.7 million of OpEx associated with our prior commitment to pay our domestic team members full wages and benefits from April 1 through May 15, and thus, this amount was not included in OpEx in the second quarter of 2020. Additionally, corporate expense in the quarter benefited from a $27.7 million net gain in relation to a derivative litigation settlement that the company received after the close of the quarter.  With that, we will now turn the call over to Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Carlo Santarelli from Deutsche Bank.
Carlo Santarelli: Craig, you just mentioned in your remarks that you've kind of taken about 500 basis points out of the requirement for breakeven in Macau investments, but the 40% of 4Q GGR that would be required. Matt, relative to your comments earlier with the every 2 week somewhat of a loosening of policies, if that trend were to continue and we were looking at kind of a little bit more free and easy travel coming out of Guangdong, is there the potential that we could see that 40% level at any point this year or presumably in the fourth quarter, even if just for a month or two?
Matthew Maddox: That's what we discuss internally and how we think about 2020 is that in the fourth quarter, we're hopeful to be at that level.
Carlo Santarelli: Okay. Great. And then, Craig, just in terms of the point of clarification on the OpEx for Macau, you said that the current run rate at current revenue levels is a $1.5 million to $2 million per day burn rate. Is that correct?
Craig Billings: Yes. $2 million would be in a zero revenue environment, and $1.5 million would be in a modest revenue environment. We -- it's a very fluid situation based on all the visa points that have been discussed ad nauseam, but that's how we think about it at this moment in time.
Operator: And our next question comes from David Katz from Jefferies.
David Katz: With respect to the Las Vegas side, and Matt, your commentary around Macau suggests we are where we are as it improves. But with respect to Las Vegas and the recovery there, what strategies have you thought about in terms of generating demand or changing the mix of demand at those properties in the near term as the world evolves?
Matthew Maddox: So it's certainly a very different business model. We're effectively a super regional casino right now. So without the convention base, without the nightclub crowd, without the large shows, we've become super regional. So we're really focused on promos, on offers, we have partnerships with JetSuiteX. We're doing lots of things to try to get people to come here more often basically from California and Arizona, so frequency and worth to spend more.  So the market is very promotional right now, obviously. And we're focused on our database and driving more casino revenue. Non-gaming revenue is down for us by 2/3. And that was 2/3 of our business. So we're doing everything we can to get heads in beds in the hotel and really focused on how we can get more of our drive-in market here on a more frequent basis.
David Katz: Understood. And if I can follow that up with respect to getting groups to come and, obviously, there are restrictions that are evolving and hard to know. But when your team talk to group planners or meeting planners about what kinds of changes you may need to make, what have you planned or done so far to prepare for the fact that there'll be some new normal, at least to start out for groups to come in?
Matthew Maddox: Yes, sure. I think that no one can predict the future right now. So groups are all holding off until kind of late spring '21 into the back half of next year to decide what's going to happen and what they need. One thing that we're doing, which I think is probably different than most of our peers, is I'm spending a lot of time on point-of-care testing. There's a couple of really exciting technologies that are moving forward. And we are in line if those get their EUA, Emergency Use Authorization, under the FDA, because I believe if we can have on-site point-of-care testing that provides pooling, meaning we -- it looks like you can do 10 people at a time with a 5-minute turnaround that, that changes the game for groups. So maybe you're not waiting until the mid-next year, if you can actually have point-of-care testing to show that everyone walking into this space is COVID-free. I think that, that could accelerate, I don't know, how much by months, our ramp-up of some of the smaller groups.  That stuff has not been approved yet, but -- those point-of-care tests are not approved yet by the FDA, but they're moving fast. And the cost, especially with pooling are coming down significantly. So I think my belief is that's sort of the bridge that we need to get to in a place that requires a lot of people to be together before we're into the vaccine. Because I think as everyone knows, by the time that's approved and rolled out and implemented, those things are complicated and take a lot of time. So those are the types of things we're talking to our groups about in addition to all the social distancing measures and everything that we do to provide a really safe experience. And so the conversations are ongoing, but to say that we knew when groups could start coming back is, I think, it's too early.
Operator: Our next question comes from Joe Greff from JPMorgan.
Joseph Greff: I'd like to play a theoretical theme to ask a good question to kind of get a sense of maybe how important Hong Kong, and travel through Hong Kong maybe is important to Macau market. If the IDS is fully restored, and there are no issues there but for whatever reason, Hong Kong is shut to Macau, what percentage of the Macau market comes back from a GGR perspective, maybe taking into account ways that take [Technical Difficulty].
Matthew Maddox: Yes, sure. I'm going to let Ian take that one.
Ian Coughlan: So visitation from Hong Kong, Joe, is between 17% and 18%, if you look at last year. And from a GGR perspective, it probably represents 9% or 10% of last year's GGR. We actually think locally, with the closure of Hong Kong, for PRC travelers once the Guangdong bubble fully opens with tourist visas into Macau, we will get the benefit of Hong Kong being closed to mainland Chinese customers. So Hong Kong is a good market for us, but we really believe the power comes from Guangdong. 21 of the 47 IVS cities are in Guangdong. So once that opens up, we believe that, that will lift our business significantly.
Joseph Greff: Great. And then, Craig, back to Las Vegas. You said with some of the staffing changes you made more recently, July daily OpEx per day was $1.8 million. Is that a run rate after the staffing changes or is that sort of an average with not the full amount of a monthly staffing labor OpEx differential in there?
Craig Billings: It's the former, Joe. It is the latest state of play based on what we have in place right now.
Operator: And our next question comes from Felicia Hendrix with Barclays.
Felicia Hendrix: So just sticking on Las Vegas. And you kind of touched upon this before, Matt, in terms of how you're trying to drive visitations to the property, spend [indiscernible], how you're yield managing the property. And I know it's tough now because you don't really have the benefit of all the levers you'd have in a normal environment as occupancy is what it is, that sort of thing. But just wondering how you're thinking about kind of maintaining price integrity and so forth. And then also, if you could just help us understand the percentage of room nights in terms of convention and groups versus in terms of 2019, if you could just unveil where you were there?
Matthew Maddox: Sure. So you're right about pricing power, Felicia, it's very complicated. In fact, every day at 11:45, we have a yielding meeting, looking at all the trends every day because the market is so short term and the ability to move price is quite tough. So customers are choosing on price. We're attempting to yield going into weekends when there's a lot of last-minute booking coming in, in particular for 1-day stays on Saturdays. And so those are really the opportunities. Midweek, very, very tough. It's a -- if you go online, you can see where the market is pricing. And so it's really -- the customers are choosing midweek and on the weekends as we're attempting to yield as best we can. Marilyn, you want to talk a little bit about the convention mix and 2019 and what it means for us now?
Marilyn Spiegel: Well, for now, clearly, there's not much left on the books for 2020. And there are small groups that we're trying to refill. We have the advantage of having, one, a great facility and; two, very long-term relationships with our convention sales folks. So we've been very successful in rebooking them. You'll see that the second half of '21 is going to be very strong, '22, '23. So people are coming and they're seeing that. The first quarter of '21 is a lot about what's going on with CES and how are the other groups going to be falling out. But we see that by about April, there's some firmness in the market. Clearly, 2000, every year ahead of this, first quarter and second quarter are the best quarters. And so we missed that this year, and it's too early to tell for the rest of 2020 if there's any business. And in 2021, the first quarter is a question mark because it's going to -- an addition comes, but we do see firmness by the time April shows up all the way through the rest of the year.
Felicia Hendrix: And then just normally...
Matthew Maddox: This was around 1/3, convention.
Marilyn Spiegel: Correct.
Felicia Hendrix: Okay. Okay. And then just, Ian, as my follow-up, just hypothetically, the IVS gets reinstated tomorrow. What do you think the lag period is in terms of when you would start to see that traffic being able to come to Macau?
Ian Coughlan: So we're hoping there's going to be a clamor for visas and that some of the visa offices will get jammed up, but we imagine it will clear over a couple of weeks. And we'll start to see meaningful traffic within 2 weeks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Shaun Kelley with Bank of America.
Shaun Kelley: Just wanted to follow up on some of the comments on Las Vegas. Matt, your comment on the super regional kind of comparison is a little interesting. And we get a lot of questions on the idea around sort of Vegas' run rate margins. I think we all know that the regional markets are performing quite well. Just kind of curious on your thoughts on -- now that you've lowered the operating expense run rate a little bit, you're undoubtedly learning a ton on the fly about what you can do and how customers move and operate in the buildings. Is there any component of what's going on right now? Do you think you can extrapolate into kind of the future of what Las Vegas's margin structure might look like? I appreciate it's wildly early and theoretical, but just your thought process there?
Matthew Maddox: Yes, sure. And when I said super regional, what I meant by that was our customers are coming from drive-in markets. But our revenue, as you know, our revenues are not like a regional market revenue. When 2/3 of our business is nongaming, and that's down by 60-plus percent. So even though we're getting -- gaming spend is okay, you can't cut your way to better margins without absolutely destroying your brand and culture and company. You can't do it in our market, and we're not going to.  So while we -- our expenses are down almost 40%, we're focused on EBITDA and not on margin because we want to make sure we're making cash, we're preserving our cash flow and we're preserving who we are for the long term.
Shaun Kelley: Got it. That's helpful. And then just maybe a sort of similar idea around Boston, right? I mean this property was in a ramp-up phase, so really hard to get our arms around. But as we think about other regional markets, we have seen numbers that have really been shockingly good as it relates to the broader margin profile there. Just any sense of where $830,000 per day gets you to? Or where does that property kind of pencil out as you get to kind of targeting potential around EBITDA breakeven or positive there? Is that possible on these types of OpEx numbers or do you need more volume?
Matthew Maddox: Yes, sure. That's possible. And I'll let Craig take that and then Brian provide some color on our customers there.
Craig Billings: Sure. Yes, you're right, Shaun. If you look back to Q4 '19, we had about $1.3 million in OpEx. Today, it's about $830,000. If you think about what's happening in the business, we mentioned that slot handle was up pretty significantly versus Q4. Table drop is down about 30%, but we're down about 50% in terms of positions. So we can obviously breakeven in this environment with the OpEx reductions that we've done. And as that table volume comes back, we anticipate that not only will we generate pretty meaningful EBITDA. Some of those expenses will come back. But a good chunk of what we've done is more permanent in nature, and we're not going to open any amenity unless it's accretive.
Shaun Kelley: Great. That's helpful.
Craig Billings: Brian, do you have anything you would add to that?
Brian Gullbrants: No. Well said.
Operator: And our next question comes from Thomas Allen with Morgan Stanley.
Thomas Allen: Can you just update us on your latest views on operating a casino in Japan?
Matthew Maddox: Sure. So I think as most of you that have been following us, our efforts in Japan over the last decade have been more monitoring as opposed to being really active. We have been monitoring that situation for years and years and years. And back in March, we decided that until there's more clarity on what the business is going to look like, what the world is going to look like and what the regulations really are over there, they were pretty much ceasing our efforts. We did that about 4 months ago. It doesn't mean that we're not interested in the market. It just means that right now, it's not a focus for our company.
Thomas Allen: That's helpful, Matt. And then just in terms of the U.S., I think that there's a view that with COVID hitting state budgets, you may see some progress to more legalization, potentially in New York, potentially in Georgia. Any interest in expanding in markets like that?
Matthew Maddox: I think that each one would have to be able to support what we do. We would -- there are -- clearly, I think the Atlanta market or the New York market, under the right regulatory environment, under the right tax rate, under the right surrounding community agreements is something that we would take a look at. But without seeing what would be required, I can't say that any of those would be attractive for us right now.
Craig Billings: With that, we'll take our last question.
Operator: And that comes from Stephen Grambling with Goldman Sachs.
Stephen Grambling: On Macau, how would you characterize the financial health and relevance of the junkets and driving a recovery and how should investors be thinking about any additional credit in VIP direct for ramping up other marketing to attract customers once restrictions begin to lift?
Matthew Maddox: Yes, sure. A fun topic we talk about quite a bit internally. Ian, why don't you take that one?
Ian Coughlan: I missed the first part of the question, the line broke.
Matthew Maddox: Junket health.
Ian Coughlan: Junket health. Well, we've got a handful of the largest junket operators at Wynn Macau and Wynn Palace. So they've kept their teams together. They're, like, ourselves, they're waiting with bated breath for the resuming of tourist visas. And from the outside, they look well capitalized, and we deal with the bigger operators. So we believe that their business will build aligned with our business.
Stephen Grambling: And just on the second part, I mean, do you -- should we generally be assuming that there is some form of promotional support, either VIP direct or in terms of credit being extended or ramping other marketing from your -- just anticipating across the broader group as restrictions lift?
Ian Coughlan: The general sentiment locally among the operators is we're not going to cut each other's throats. Everybody's going to be reasonable about marketing expenses. And we're hoping for lots of activity once the tourist visas come back and I don't believe that we'll see a huge increase in marketing expenses.
Matthew Maddox: All right. Well, thank you, everybody, for joining us today. We look forward to talking to you next quarter. Thank you.
Craig Billings: Thank you.
Operator: And thank you. This concludes today's conference call. You may go ahead and disconnect at this time.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-05-06 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Wynn Resorts First Quarter 2020 Earnings Call. All participants are in listen-only until the question-and-answer session of today's conference. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. I will now turn the line over to Craig Billings, President and Chief Financial Officer. Sir, you may begin.
Craig Billings: Thank you, operator. And good afternoon, everyone. On the call with me today in are Matt Maddox in Las Vegas and on the phone line Marilyn Spiegel, Ian Coughlan, Linda Chen, Ciaran Carruthers, Frederic Luvisutto and Brian Gullbrants. I want to remind you that we may make forward-looking statements under Safe Harbor Federal Securities Laws and those statements may or may not come true. I will now turn the call over to Matt Maddox.
Matt Maddox: Thanks, Craig, and hello everyone, I hope that you are all safe and healthy like we're working from home right now. Instead of just jumping right into our first quarter results, what I'd like to do is spend some time talking about how we've handled this pandemic and the way that we've been thinking about it. So, well before we close our facilities in North America because of our Macau experience, I reached out to one of the leading experts really in the world in terms of pandemic research and global health security. It's the director of global health security from Georgetown University and engaged that team months ago. And spent daily conversations with that team trying to understand the situation and what was going on and how best we could protect our customers and our employees and provide information to our medical communities and to our state and local government. We actually, because of that led the industry both in Massachusetts and in Nevada, in closing our casinos, we suggested to the Massachusetts Gaming Commission in mid-March that it was time for us to close based on the data and based on the science and the potential community spread that we were seeing. And we actually closed our resorts in Las Vegas in advance of the state declaration to close and we were the first that led that. And we did it because at that time it was the right thing to do. And we knew that we needed to be early to make that move. We also knew during that time they asking our 30,000 employees, team members, 15,000 of them in North America, and 15,000 in Macau that a pandemic is upon us that we're closing our resorts. We felt that we should invest in our culture right now, because it's taken years and years and years to build the best team and the industry. And so we chose and I chose to pay all of our people, since we've closed to the end of May. We are one of the outliers in our industry or in hospitality in general that have done that. But I believe that investing in culture right now and making sure that your team members feel safe during these times is a corporate responsibility. And I also believe it's a great investment. I'm not sure how long this will last. And I'm not sure how much longer we can continue this practice. It's currently in May 31st. But what I know is when we do reopen and whatever state that is in Las Vegas, and in Massachusetts, that I want our team members to have smiles on their faces. It'll be underneath the mask, but it'll still radiate through, because we're in the business of making people happy. And only if our customers -- and our customers will only be happy, if our employees felt like they were part of the family. So that's been my focus is to really make sure that we're doing this as a family and to think about the future, because you can quickly disrupt a culture that takes years and years to build. It also allowed us I think to act quite fast in the way that we're thinking about a reopening because of the resources we had. As an example, I believe we were one of the first companies in the nation, not just in our industry within the nation to produce a detailed reopening plan. We published it for the world to see on April 19th. It's a 23 page plan that goes department-by-department, area-by-area, space-by-space, in terms of how we're going to keep our employees safe and our customers safe. It's actually become known as the Wynn plan and I've had sports teams call and walk through it, airlines call and walk through it, retail, large landlords call and walk through it, developers, dozens of CEOs to look at the Wynn plan and to think about it, apply it to their own business. And we did that, because we want to help lead the conversation to a reopening of our economy, but in a phased approach and in a safe approach, and focused on the data. We've been working with our experts and state and local officials on benchmarks to track that should be public and transparent. We've crafted with our medical community here in Nevada, benchmarks based on disease growth, which is a case growth coupled with hospitalizations and deaths. And the disease growth needs to be at a certain level before you consider reopening. We have set benchmarks for ICU capacity with our medical community, as well as ventilator capacity that you need the ability to achieve a two times surge and COVID patients in your ICU without needing crisis care to begin a phased approach to opening, as well as test positivity rate, which really measures the amount of tests that are being conducted in an area. Those benchmarks have been widely distributed, they're going to be quite public. And it's really a great way that our medical community is looking at this to think about phase openings of the economy. In Nevada, our governor has launched the concept of the phased opening. The phase one should begin in the next week or so, sometime around mid-May. And then based on the benchmarks and the data, I believe we will continue to see in phase two openings of additional businesses and potentially opening of our business in late May. But again, that is assuming that we stay in line with the benchmarks and that the environment is safe for customers and for all of our employees. In Massachusetts, they have formed a task force at the state level, and I want to commend both Governor Sisolak and Governor Baker for early fast action and for their tireless work on this effort. Massachusetts has also, I believe, will be coming out with a phased approach to opening they have clearly had a much more difficult time than Nevada has given the high amount of cases and deaths there, but their medical community has handled it really as good as has been handled around the globe and should be commended. On the testing front, we think a lot about this. And in fact, we in Las Vegas have signed a partnership with the University Medical Center, the Research Hospital in Las Vegas, whereby any of our employees can get tested for COVID-19. In fact, we have on-site testing tomorrow set up in an 85,000 square foot ballroom, with 25 nurses from UMC, all appropriately spaced out. And we believe that we'll have over the next couple of days, thousands of employees that will have been tested. These are the types of things that we're doing now in early into the eventual lead up to opening our properties. In Macau, we've been -- we remained open in Macau after the closure in the first two weeks of February. However, as all of you on this phone know the Macau volumes have really not been there because there's a 14 day quarantine of going in and out of Macau from Hong Kong or Mainland China. One of the some encouraging things that we have seen in Macau is first there hasn't been a new COVID case in Macau in weeks. Second in Mainland China and Macau and Hong Kong teachers and students are back-to-school as of last week. There's continued to be progress in the Macau government has publically talked about it. In the health check system, which in China, as I'm sure a lot of you are aware on your mobile phone, you have a red, yellow or green system that gives access to various areas. And Macau has been working very closely with lockdown to make sure that those health checks are in line.  All of those seem to be in our progress. So we would anticipate that as everyone else is that progress will continue in terms of reopening the borders in a cautious way, resuming tourism in a cautious way. And the amount of progress that's been made over there has been extraordinary. Just looking at the results, high level, before our closure in Las Vegas, RevPAR was up 8%. In Massachusetts, we were on our way to record EBITDA and Wynn per unit per day before closure was up on the swap floor about 13%. In Macau, as we laid out for all of you on the first quarter call, during the closure, we were roughly between $2.2 million and $2.6 million a day of burned. And what we saw from February 20th to roughly March 20th after we reopened was a gradual increase in gaming volumes and particularly led by VIP in premium segment to the point where our burn way in a matter of three weeks, from $2.5 million a day to $800,000 a day. And we were back to roughly 25% of our volumes in the fourth quarter. So we're continuing to be optimistic about what's going to happen in Macau as the cautious reopening of the border continues. We're focused on our three pillars that we talked about on these calls, which in Macau, and in North America. In Macau, in particular is investing in our people, which we're doing, investing in our communities, which includes the greater Bay Area, and really helping to position when to be beneficial in the greater Bay Area and working on investments throughout the region and investing in our assets. So during these times, we have continued extensive design development work, design work on our Crystal Pavilion project in Macau and we remain very excited about it.  So that's really where we are right now. I believe we're going to continue to lead in our industry in Las Vegas and in Massachusetts. We're working very carefully and closely on a daily basis with state and local officials and the gaming regulatory bodies. And I believe that the data will be transparent as to opening dates based on benchmarks. And we'll be ready to begin in the new normal atmosphere.  With that, I'd like to turn it over to Craig to talk about some of our financial results. 
Craig Billings : Thank you, Matt. This quarter, I'll focus my remarks on the company's current liquidity position and our expected cash burn rate. At the onset of the outbreak of virus in both Asia and the U.S., we took immediate and decisive action to bolster our global liquidity position, maximize our financial flexibility and preserve cash. On April 30, our global cash and liquidity position was nearly $3.4 billion, providing the company with significant runway to weather the impact of the pandemic on our business. In Macau, where we drew down our revolving credit facility in February, we had approximately $1.8 billion of available liquidity as of April 30th. And in the U.S., we had total available liquidity of approximately $1.6 billion at the end of April. Our already strong domestic liquidity position was recently bolstered by the issuance of $600 million of unsecured notes in April. In fact, the transaction was upsized from $350 million it was approximately 8 times oversubscribed.  We were pleased to be the first company in our industry to issue unsecured notes since the onset of the pandemic, once again highlighting the strength of our brands and our business. We also obtained a covenant waiver for our U.S. credit facility for further increasing our financial flexibility. We are well positioned to bridge the current period of uncertainty and to thrive operationally and strategically during the recovery period. Turning to our cash burn rate. Upon the closure of casino operations in Macau in February, as Matt just alluded to, we announced an expected daily OpEx burn rate in Macau of $2.5 million. As he also mentioned upon reopening in late February our normalized EBITDA burn rate improved to approximately $800,000 per day in March. And with the subsequent implementation of additional public health measures, quarantines and border closures this rate in April was approximately $2 million per day reflected with limited business volumes. Until the reimplementation of visa schemes, and for reopening of transit to Hong Kong we expected daily burn rate in the $2 million to $2.5 million range in Macau, excluding interest and CapEx.  In the U.S., we have currently committed to pay all our team members their wages and benefits. Under this approach our daily OpEx burn rate in the U.S. is approximately $3.6 million inclusive of corporate expense. Globally, cash interest expense and our scaled down CapEx program combined are approximately $1.7 million per day. And thus our current global worst case all in daily cash burn rate is approximately $7.8 million per day, meaning we have sufficient liquidity runway in a worst case, no revenue full pay environment until at least the third quarter of 2021. But we will of course continue to actively assess our cash OpEx usage and liquidity position as the situation evolves. And will make adjustments as required based on the facts on the ground, including like the reopening date. On the CapEx front, we have postponed the Wynn Las Vegas room remodel, which was slated to begin in June, conserving approximately $170 million of cash and liquidity. We're fortunate to have the highest quality room product in Las Vegas and we plan to revisit the project again as we plan for 2020. We will also be very judicious with our global normal course maintenance capital spending over the coming quarters, only proceeding with our highest priority projects. Our pre-construction planning work on the Crystal Pavilion at Wynn Palace continues with our in house development team, as Matt mentioned. And in order to further solidify the company's financial position, our Board along with senior management have decided to temporarily suspend the company's quarterly dividends, preserving over $100 million of liquidity per quarter. We look forward to resuming the dividend when business conditions permit.  Lastly, I'll quickly note that our reported EBITDA for our U.S. properties in the first quarter was negatively impacted by $75.7 million accrual associated with our commitment to pay our domestic team members full wages and benefits after quarter end, from April 1st through May 15th. $56.4 million of this accrual was for Wynn Las Vegas, and $19.3 million was for Boston. With that, we will now open up the call to Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Carlo Santarelli with Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open.
Carlo Santarelli: Hey, Matt and Craig. Thanks for the comments. For Matt, maybe you could talk a little bit about, obviously we have some time now in Macau until some of those quarantine and restrictions I guess these restrictions will leave a little bit. Was it frustrating [ph] out a little bit the summer months, as you envision the ramp is it's across the segments?
Matt Maddox: So, just based on our limited experience, between February 20th and March 20th, we definitely saw the VIP and premium segments come back faster. There's clearly pent-up demand for activity. If you look at what's going on in Beijing and Shanghai the go back to work and resume production campaign that has been launched. There's a lot of activity. So I do believe that there will be demand for Macau without a doubt. I am also very happy that we're in the business of the premium and high-end which requires less people and more revenue. So, we're not looking for 100,000 people a day to be going through our properties, that's never been our business. We've always been focused on the premium end and I believe that that will definitely be the segment that comes back first is the cap.
Craig Billings: And Carlo, I would just add to that, as Matt mentioned, when we reopened in February and into March, we got back to 25% to 30% of our Q4 '19 gaming volumes. That really reduced the cash burn rate and frankly, wasn't far off from the 45% or so of Q4, 2019 GGR volumes that we need to hit EBITDA break even. So you'll have your own view of Macau wide GGR mix share, et cetera. But whether it's VIP or premium less mass lead, we feel like the snapback will be pretty quick. And that will obviously help our cash flow position there. 
Carlo Santarelli: And Craig about 45%, that's breakeven, I'm assuming you're assuming that's the same split as generated in the quarter two that you mentioned. 
Craig Billings: Yes. 
Carlo Santarelli: Great. And then if I could just want follow up for either of you. How much do you guys think about the present spoil last of the 5 to 10 year view that Beijing, Macau will take as it pertains to concession renewal process and the importance of the capital spend clearly guys have the Crystal Pavilion and whatnot. But in terms of that renewal process how much do you take that 5 to 10 year plan will factor into the thinking around the concessionaires?
Matt Maddox: So Carlos, it is Matt. Again, we believe in what's happening in the greater Bay Area in Macau and China. We are focused on doing the best we can to be a part of it, and to invest in our people, our communities and our assets. So we put that plan together at the beginning of this year. It's still our plan. We're focused on it. We think it makes a lot of sense for the community for our people and for our shareholders. So, that's really where we are and that's we have not deviated from that plan.
Carlo Santarelli: Thank you very much guys.
Operator: Next question is from Joe Greff with JP Morgan. Your line is now open.
Joe Greff: Good afternoon, everyone. Matt, thank you for your prepared comments and thoughts. First question relates to Macau. Obviously, you saw relative strength in the VIP and Premium segments in that period in February and March. Can you talk about the status of your top junkets or the top junkets in Macau? What kind of financial position are they in? How mindful do we all have to be of this as a consideration to assess the VIP segment recovery? Would you be willing and/or are you anticipating lending more to junkets and directly to VIP players?
Matt Maddox: So Joe, we're obviously in very close contact with the large junkets there. I think everyone's trying to understand what liquidity will look like. We don't have any answers right now on how much we'll be loading to our junkets. But it does seem like the larger junket operators are still okay on the liquidity side And everybody's just waiting to see what's going to happen. Ian , do you have any thoughts on that?
Ian Coughlan: Yeah. Anecdotally locally, the junkets are just like the rest of us. They're waiting for the borders to ease and to get back into business. They've like the rest of us have kept their teams together in anticipation of business sticking up. And we can see the pent up demand. I think the May holiday has given people a lot of encouragement. And something we talked about locally is the Macau advantage. We have proximity to China, we've got proximity to Guangdong. And the biggest wealthiest province in China 114 million people of the 49 IVS cities in China, 21 of them are in Guangdong. It looks like our borders will be opening up over the next couple of months. And I think everybody's anticipating us building business very nicely. There is pent up demand in China. What we've seen over the May holiday is a lot of resort and luxury driven travel, a lot of family driven travel, which is very good for both sides. And we thought [indiscernible] resort, just a stone's throw from Macau absolutely packed over the main holiday. There are people that want to come and once the borders ease, we will have players and we have customers back and the junket are in the same position as us.
Matt Maddox: And Ian I think just to clarify. The May holiday traffic that we witness was in mainland China not it's not necessarily [indiscernible] which is right in Hinton Island had really strong volumes and as well as lots of resorts around so I think that's a great point. There's clear demand for the product that we offer.
Joe Greff: Thank you and then switching over to Las Vega. Can you talk about your current thoughts on how you're opening? I'm presuming that's going to be one of the two assets on this trip. And when you think of what sort of percentage of revenue EBITDA breakeven thresholds you need there that would be helpful understanding how are you thinking that? That's all for me.
Matt Maddox: Sure. So, Joe, I'll start off with this. In Las Vegas, we're still working through what our opening plan is going to look like. We're working closely with the state officials and the gaming control board here. It's unclear if it'll just be one of the two assets. I'm currently given all of the occupancy limitations that we will have self-imposed. It could really likely be both of the assets open but just with occupancy restrictions. We do anticipate as we get closer to an opening weeks from now that there will be pent up demand in the leisure segment. We've seen that in a lot of surveys that have happened out there. And so we're working through that. I think each day people's mentality changes depending on where they live and what they're experiencing. And if you look at what's happening in Texas right now with the various food and beverage outlets. If you look at what's happening, on the beaches in Southern California. We're going to have a very safe environment, but we will have an environment that I think a lot of people will want to come participate in. Clearly we won't be opening large mass gathering places, nightclubs, or convention areas or shows. But we will be opening most of our restaurants and working with our retail partners to try to have an experience that will be safe and fun.  So Marilyn, do you have anything you want to add to that?
Marilyn Spiegel: No, I think that's really the essence of what we're going to do. I mean, we do see demand. And we see the leisure market coming back the drive in market for sure. The casino customers, the value-oriented ones. And some of our hosted customers can't wait to come through the door. But whenever we open, it's going to be an integrated resort experience that will rival any other hotel that is going to be opening up any other resorts that will open up.
Craig Billings: And, Joe, the answer to your question on the -- it's Craig here. The answer to your question on occupancy. It really depends on how much of the campus we open as Matt alluded to, which we'll make that decision based on public health considerations in our view of demand over the course of 20 -- looking forward over the course of all of 2020. So depending upon what we opened we would expect to break even at the 50% to 60% occupancy level.
Joe Greff: Thank you.
Operator: Next question is from Felicia Hendricks from Barclays. Your line is now open.
Felicia Hendrix: Hi, thanks so much. Good to hear from you all. And thanks for all the detailed comments. Craig on liquidity, you've given us a decent amount of information. Just wondering if we could take it one step further. Just in the extreme case that you did need to access more liquidity. I'm just wondering if you could walk us through the incremental levers you have to pull both in Macau and on the U.S. side. 
Craig Billings: Sure. I think you saw its access to the market just last month. And so we think we have the ability to do that to the extent that we need to, but with $3.4 billion on the balance sheet and really being at peak burn now, I don't anticipate we'll need to do that. But I think the capital markets showed that they were more than happy to embrace us. 
Felicia Hendrix: Okay. So there's no limitation in any of your debt facilities?
Matt Maddox: The competent in Macau is at the concessionaire level on a senior secured basis. So we would have access to the bond market at WML [ph]. And in the U.S. we actually got a covenant waiver, even though that's also secure covenant, we got a covenant waiver on our U.S. facility. So we have ample room to add liquidity to the extent we need it. Though again, I don't anticipate we will. 
Felicia Hendrix: Yes, great. Thank you. And then Craig you were also just mentioning CapEx, I was just wondering if you could get into a little bit more detail. Walk us through kind of how you're thinking about capital spending for this year and next year. And you did mention some of that relative to the Vegas. With things shut does that give you an opportunity to get a head start on or celebrate your room remodel plan? 
Matt Maddox: Hey, Felicia its Matt. So we went through our long list of capital projects in Massachusetts, Las Vegas, and in Macau. And we've effectively put all of the short term things on hold outside of something that's under construction now. For example, Delilah in Las Vegas that was halfway through construction, we're going to finish that. But the large projects, room remodels some of the other things that we were looking at, we have put on hold until we're cash flow positive. So, we're really focused on maintaining our liquidity right now. 
Felicia Hendrix: Okay. That's helpful. Thank you. 
Operator: The next question is from Shaun Kelley, with Bank of America. Your line is now open. 
Shaun Kelley: Great. Thank you. And just wanted to pass along my sentiments and thanks for also just keeping all of the employees on the payroll. I mean, you're one of the few operators across all of the companies that we cover that's doing that. And I think that needs to be said that it's a really big statement to your local communities. So I think that's a big deal. But Matt, just overall if you could comment just you've mentioned in your prepared remarks, you're talking to a number of CEOs and partners out there. I was curious specifically on if any of those conversations have moved into specifically airline partners as it relates to lift into Las Vegas because that's pretty important, particularly as you get into the higher price points and it's obviously going need to be something that works together with the broader industry out there. So just how are you thinking about that? 
Matt Maddox: Yes, that's a great question, Shaun. I've personally spoken to the airlines that have lots of lift capacity in particular into Las Vegas. And in the month of May and in June, there's a dramatic reduction in lift capacity as you can imagine. Some of the large airlines are starting to put their plans out, their standardization plans, which we've been encouraging them to be transparent and to start putting that out. I think that there's continued disagreement between the airlines and TSA on temperature checks, which is kind of a logistical problem. And so are they going to do them and if so, who's doing them? So there's some behind the scenes work that needs to happen. But the airlines are definitely focused on it and they're contracting the list now. But based on my conversations, it's been fairly short term because trying to predict what demand will be 60 or 90 days. It almost impossible given the speed of the information in the economy that we're all learning every day. 
Shaun Kelley: Thanks for that. Then maybe the other question along the same dynamic would just be, having been through one crisis not terribly long ago. The pricing strategy within Vegas and across the strip is also going to be an important variable here. And obviously you're positioned very much at the premium end, but you have to be impacted by what else is going on in the market. So how do you think -- how are you thinking about both the sort of the balance of new supply coming back along, relative to how you can kind of retain some great integrity and because you kind of have to have both those variables work for this to be successful reopening. So, just how are you thinking about managing it?
Matt Maddox: Yeah, I think that on the supply side in the early days. I don't think not a lot is going to reopen in my opinion. I don't know how many resorts are going to reopen, but it's certainly not even close to the entire Las Vegas Strip. Clearly our base of group is non-existent in the first few months after we reopen. So we're really focused on casino and on leisure, and trying to capture a disproportionate amount of that market people coming to Las Vegas. No, I think it'll be a slow ramp because the group will not be there. But there's also not a lot of I don't think there'd be a lot of supply either. So our pricing power I believe will help dictate how full we want our properties to be. 
Shaun Kelley: Thank very much. 
Operator: Next question comes from Thomas Allen with Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open. 
Thomas Allen : Okay. Good afternoon. So, Matt, you were at the White House last week meeting with the President. What you learn there in terms of one the government's expectation in terms of the pace of recovery? And two, any interesting comments from other corporate throughout demand to start coming back to Vegas? Thanks. 
Matt Maddox: I think there's clearly a focus on a safe reopening of the economy. I think that the -- it's obvious what's happening with this rapidly decelerating curve with our economy that that has to be blunted as we blunted the growth of COVID-19. And so there was a real focus on how to do that. Testing is continuing to be a real point of focus. And on that I think that there's been tremendous progress in terms of testing and testing capacity. Hundreds and hundreds of thousands of tests likely will be performed over the next couple of weeks on a daily basis.  In Las Vegas, like I said, we're going to have the ability and working with UMC. When we open it when any employee and any customer that wants to swab test, you can get it we have on site. We have three various antibody tests that are going through EUA approval right now and one that already has it that we're working on. That will also be available.  So, I think that until it's commodity businesses themselves need to work with medical communities to make sure that those are available. And so we're definitely doing that. But there was a clear focus on how to reopen the economy and to start moving in that direction.
Thomas Allen: Okay, and then just as my follow up question [indiscernible] when they reported two weeks ago talked about being more interested in M&A right now. Do you think there will be more industry consolidation and anything update for that? Thanks. 
Matt Maddox: I'm not sure about that. I think during these times, there's usually transactions that are out there. And there could be some really interesting assets that could come up that I think everybody will be watching.
Thomas Allen: Helpful.
Operator: Our next question is from Harry Curtis with Instinet. Your line is now open. 
Harry Curtis: Hello, everyone. My first question relates to just the timing of opening in Macau. What do you think the authorities are waiting for, particularly given the opening in [indiscernible], and the fact that there haven't been any cases in of COVID in Macau for weeks?
Matt Maddox: I'll start with this and then turn it over to Ian. So I think this situation has been handled really well in Macau. I think it's been almost 28 days without a case. There's been clarity, daily press conferences, lots of interaction. Operators are focused on it. Employees are being very compliant in terms of wearing masks and what they need to be doing and hand sanitization. And there seems to be a really deep collaboration and cooperation with Macau and in Guangdong in terms of these health checks to begin to move in a very reasonable and data driven way. So to me it seems like every two weeks there's progress. There's real progress in a way that is measurable and people can understand it. Ian what do you think?
Ian Coughlan: This is Ian. The chief executive in his policy address said that when Macau and the region of Guangdong are stable, that they will look at the process of reopening the border restrictions. They've been very methodical about it. And when we faced our two levels of risk with the pandemic, they were extremely quick and decisive, which we appreciated. And now we really appreciate the fact that it's about safety first. They're phasing the lifting of restrictions. They've had a very progressive development over the last two weeks. The first stage was allowing teachers and students based in Zhuhai who live in Zhuhai and come over to Macau to attend school and teachers to work. And so they've gone through that process. That process involves introducing relative mass testing for the individuals and that was very successfully done. And we're now looking at Macau people that are working in Macau but actually living in Zhuhai. They're the next stage of the testing process. The merging and synchronizing of the two health codes for Guangdong and for Macau involves a lot of regional cooperation between government departments that their deepened dialogue about that the system is being set up and now they're trialing it.  And they've already altered the Barger open and closure hours back to where they were previously. So there's a lot of things happening. One of the great outcomes of this is the dialogue between Guangdong and Macau, the government departmental level, this augurs really well for the future, when you look at Henshin Island and how that opens up to Macau and how we become a bigger parts of the Greater Bay Area.  So we appreciate the sequencing, the measured approach and the safety first approach, but it's happening and it's imminent.
Harry Curtis: Maybe as a follow up. Ian do you think that testing for customers wanting to either get a visa or by definition cross the border, do you think testing is going to be a prerequisite?
Matt Maddox: There's no clarity on that right now Harry.
Harry Curtis: Okay. All right. And you also mentioned Matt testing in Vegas. What about, are you testing your employees in in Macau as well?
Matt Maddox: This was just the University Medical Center in Wynn Las Vegas reaching that agreement in Macau. Because, the government has done a very good job there. There are tests available for people that meet them. My understanding is that teachers are getting tested when they're going in.  And so I think it's a little bit of a different situation there. What we noticed here in Las Vegas is there was testing capacity, but nobody prescribing tests because people weren't hitting their five or six symptoms. So we decided to cut through that and make a direct partnership with the Research Hospital so that our employees would have the ability to get tested.
Harry Curtis: Thanks, everybody. Appreciate it. 
Matt Maddox: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question is from Stephen Grambling with Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Steven Grambling: Thanks two questions. First, a follow up to Thomas's question on consolidation. What would make an asset more interesting or less interesting during these times or surface willing sellers. And then second, perhaps related in some ways, how is your thought process on the right capital structure specific to provide leverage levels and amount of liquidity involved if we think longer term given this experience. Thanks.
Matt Maddox: So, from my perspective on the consolidation. Our expertise has been and I think always will be development and running the best asset. So we are not actively thinking about M&A right now. We're actively thinking about how do we have the industry leading assets in the markets where we operate and take market share as we open. And then how do we develop the way and that we have around those over the longer period of time? So that's really our strategic goal right now. Craig, do you want to take that follow up? 
Craig Billings: Sure. On the capital structure side, I would just reiterate liquidity, liquidity, liquidity, liquidity is king. We have always maintained a pretty healthy amount of liquidity. And I think that that has served as well in this process. I think it's a little too early to start talking about target leverage levels. We need to actually get back to generating cash flow first. But certainly maintenance and of liquidity was an is a really important part of capital structure in times like that. 
Steven Grambling: Great. Thanks so much. 
Matt Maddox: I guess we'll take our last question, operator. 
Operator: The final question is from David Katz from Jefferies. Your line is now open. 
David Katz: Hi everyone. Thank you for taking my question. Look, I think you've given an awful lot of detail and Matt you obviously put the company's resources behind doing a lot of research. What thoughts or concerns or views do you have about the prospect of opening up in kind of a choppy fashion or any kind of resurgence that could delay the ramp up? Not that you would predict it one way or the other, but perhaps provide contingencies beyond just the financial ones form?
Matt Maddox: That's something that I think about and we think about every day, which is why we've continued to encourage phased openings and watch the data. So I think from a health and safety perspective, we've done, I believe just about everything that we could possibly think of. And if there are other good ideas, we will implement them.  But what we're going to do is, think about it incrementally, watch it. And then we have to watch the data from all the communities around us like what's going on. So, do I think that there'll be moments when we all will need to pull back a little bit or when we can push forward a little faster? Of course. And so we need to make sure that our teams are prepared for that and that we can learn as we go. 
David Katz: Okay. Thank you very much. Appreciate all the detail. 
Matt Maddox: Thanks, David. So thank you everybody for joining us today. We hope everybody is stays safe and healthy and we'll talk to you next quarter. 
Craig Billings: Thanks everyone. 
Operator: Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2019 Q4  (2020-02-06 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Wynn Resorts Fourth Quarter 2019 Earnings Call. All participants are in listen-only until the question-and-answer session of todays conference. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. I will now turn the call over to Craig Billings, President and Chief Financial Officer. Sir, you may begin.
Craig Billings: Thank you, operator. Good afternoon, everyone. With me today in Las Vegas are Matt Maddox and Marilyn Spiegel. Also on the line are Ian Coughlan, Ciaran Carruthers, Frederic Luvisutto and Brian Gullbrants. I want to remind you that we may make forward-looking statements under Safe Harbor Federal Securities Laws and those statements may or may not come true. I will now turn the call over to Matt Maddox.
Matt Maddox: Thanks, Craig, and welcome, everyone, to our fourth quarter conference call today. To kick it off, Id like to start in Macau. So, we are currently focused almost solely on the health and safety of our employees, our customers and the Macau community at large right now in Macau. Id like to commend the government of Macau and China, in fact, for the quick and decisive action that they take and continue to take to contain the coronavirus. Were in daily conversations with the government. Its been extremely transparent and they have been terrific partners with us as we focus on the safety of everyone in Macau. In fact, on February 5 at midnight, we worked closely with the government of Macau and all of the operators in Macau to cease our casino operations at midnight on February 5. It was a controlled and organized closure of the casino. We do still have our hotel and a couple of restaurants open for the few remaining guests that are in Macau. But during this time, while the casino is closed, our operating expense burn rate is roughly $2.4 million to $2.6 million a day. And thats largely comprised of payroll to our 12,200 employees. Looking back to the fourth quarter, we generated $347.7 million of EBITDA. And like the past quarters, we experienced quick growth in core mass coupled with compression in the VIP segment. As we reported on the third quarter, October was actually quite strong, generating EBITDA of a little over $4 million a day. But we began to see deceleration leading up to the 20th year celebration handover of Macau back to China on December 20, just like the entire market. However, while its a short period of time, we did notice that beginning on December 23 through January 10, in a somewhat normal operating environment, our business jumped right back to $4 million a day in EBITDA between the 2 properties on a normalized basis. Moving to Las Vegas, we made $80 million in EBITDA with a $20 million negative hold impact during the quarter. On a full year, just to put in perspective, in 2019, our baccarat volumes were down roughly 30% in 2019 compared to all of 2018. And that contributed to more than a $50 million decline in EBITDA year-over-year. Our domestic business continues to be up in the casino and in non-gaming. RevPAR was up over 3% in the fourth quarter and our retail revenues were up double-digits. Were excited about 2020 in Las Vegas. We have a 430,000 square foot convention center thats opening in weeks to great fanfare. We have 3 new restaurants that will be more social dining focused and high energy that will be opening throughout 2020. And well begin the remodel of Wynn Las Vegas, the 2,700 rooms here in the summer of this year and completing before the end of 2020. So we have a lot going on in Las Vegas and feel really good about all of the segments of our business as we continue to monitor the Far East segment as it relates to Las Vegas. Looking at Encore Boston Harbor, we doubled our EBITDA from the third quarter to the fourth quarter to $15 million. Our table games business remains healthy, reopened and table games is healthy, and it continues to grow and to be quite strong actually. And all the programs that were putting in place for our slot win, we launched the Wynn rewards program which is a first for us in North America, which is a tiered card program. Were starting to see those things work at Encore Boston Harbor. In fact, our win per unit on the slot was up a little over 14% compared to the third quarter, and were continuing to see incremental growth on the slot floor. In 2020, were focused on continuing to match our food and beverage concepts with our customers. So destination dining for the overnight visitors as were ramping our hotel business there and providing more quick serve options for the daily visitors. So we feel good about the progress that were making at Encore Boston Harbor as we continue to ramp that property throughout 2020. With that, Ill turn it over to Craig.
Craig Billings: Thank you, Matt. As noted in our release, our Macau operations delivered adjusted EBITDA of $347.7 million on $1.1 billion of operating revenues. The quarter was characterized by strength in mass with combined property win in the mass segment, up 6% year-over-year. Our results in Macau were positively impacted by higher than normal direct VIP hold percentage, which increased EBITDA by approximately $17.5 million from a normalized level with the hold impact weighted more heavily to win Macau at approximately $12.5 million. The team in Macau has done a great job of controlling costs at both properties. At Wynn Palace, our operating expenses, excluding taxes were down both year-over-year and sequentially, which drove a 40 basis point increase in normalized EBITDA margin compared to Q3, despite the top-line pressure experienced market wide. At Wynn Macau, OpEx was flat year-over-year and sequentially, despite incremental payroll expense incurred to staff up the Lakeside Casino. We are well prepared to drive strong operating leverage when the market returns to normal. Our Las Vegas operations produced adjusted EBITDA of $80.1 million in the third quarter, on operating revenue of $368.8 million. Our results were negatively impacted by lower table games hold in both baccarat and domestic tables, costing us about $20 million of EBITDA as Matt mentioned. While baccarat was soft year-over-year on a tough comp, we saw 4% growth in non-baccarat table drop and slot handle. On the hotel side, RevPAR increased approximately 3% year-over-year to $288 driving $120.3 million of hotel revenue. Bad debt expense in Las Vegas was $4.1 million compared to $1 million in the prior year quarter, costing us $3 million in comparable EBITDA. The team in Las Vegas also did an excellent job controlling costs in the face of upward pressure on payroll, with operating expenses excluding tax and bad debt down slightly year-over-year. We spent approximately $49 million of project costs in the group space at Wynn Las Vegas in Q4 2019, taking our spend to date to roughly $351 million. Construction is now complete, and the expansion is slated to open in a few weeks. Encore Boston Harbor produced $15.3 million in EBITDA on a $169.3 million in operating revenue. Table Games hold was in the normal range. As Matt mentioned, we have a number of initiatives in play in Boston designed to drive revenue growth and we expect those initiatives will bear fruit over the course of 2020. Weve also carefully managed our expense base there and operating expenses excluding gaming tax in Boston were down approximately 11% quarter-over-quarter. We anticipate making additional investments in the property throughout the year, particularly in food and beverage. But we are not yet ready to quantify the budget for those initiatives we expect they will be relatively modest. Turning to the balance sheet. During the quarter, we successfully completed $1 billion 10-year senior notes offering in Macau with strong support from Asia-based long-term investors. We intend to use the proceeds from the notes offering to repay a portion of our term loans in Macau. As a result, this will reduce our senior secured debt and related leverage ratio, while extending our maturity profile at an attractive rate. We ended the quarter with total debt of $10.4 billion, inclusive of the $1 billion of recently issued Macau bonds. We also had total cash and investments of $2.36 billion including approximately $1.8 billion of Wynn Macau and total company-wide revolver capacity of $1.25 billion. Our liquidity position, particularly in Macau is very strong. Finally, during the quarter, we returned over $100 million to shareholders through our quarterly dividend payment. With that, we will now open up the call to Q&A. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Carlo Santarelli from Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open.
Carlo Santarelli: Hey, guys, and thanks for the comments. I hate to be generic and more general, but if you can, just big picture, how do you guys think about things here in the near-term? And certainly, appreciate the color, Matt, on kind of the cost per day here during the closure. How do things look over there at present? What are you hearing in terms of the potential to reopen after the 2-week window? And most importantly, what do you foresee kind of on the backend of this?
Matt Maddox: So, Carlo, I think its a little early to try to say when exactly we will reopen. We are  again, the team on the ground is working with the government on a daily basis and watching very carefully if there will be any continued outbreaks of the virus. And so far, we feel like things are fairly well contained and were just watching it very carefully. In terms of Macau in general, I think the way we look at it is, theres been so much investment in the region and all the new infrastructure that was just coming to fruition with the high speed rail coming into Macau and the light rail launching, and it was really set up for a quite extraordinary 2020. We were quite excited about it. So Im not  I dont want to predict when operations will be back to normal. They will be eventually. Were not exactly sure when, but Macau was set up for a really great rebound. Tourism was one of the first things that rebound in events like this, because people want to get out and move around and get back to normal. So we do feel good about the long-term aspects of Macau as soon as the virus is completely contained.
Carlo Santarelli: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Joe Greff from JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Joseph Greff: Good afternoon, everybody. I mean, there is a lot of uncertainty in Macau and I appreciate your comments on it. Can you spend a little bit of time, what youre seeing from that Far East player going into Las Vegas? Can you share with us maybe your experience this past Chinese New Year, and as that segment has been challenged for a while as you alluded to a couple of different times on this call?
Marilyn Spiegel: So you know we dont really comment mid-quarter on what really happens during the quarter, but so far so good. We had our Far East come in. We had a party. We have taken appropriate precautions. The Far East, who are in town, they cant get back to China. And so they are travelling from one location to another location. And so, if they were here first, they may have gone to another casino and we expect them to come back as they continue to play. But clearly, based upon the results, you can see from the fourth quarter, its still a very choppy market.
Joseph Greff: And then, can you also remind us, sticking to Las Vegas, your expectations for room pricing this year, with convention center and some of the other amenity buildouts in Last Vegas. I guess, maybe some of which might be impacted by the room refresh this summer. How are you looking at room pricing for the 2 boxes in Las Vegas and how much of a multi-year ramp is that both on occupancy and on price, when you think about it longer term? And thats all for me. Thank you.
Marilyn Spiegel: Yeah, Joe, I mean, the room pricing and occupancy in Las Vegas, there is a street fight every day, right? And so, our convention business is very solid. We feel great reception to our product. We have leveraged our hotel rooms for the domestic casino growth that youre experiencing or that youre seeing. The rooms that will be out of order from June through the beginning of November are going to depress hotel revenue. But we will be sure to eliminate the low-end leisure business that often comes to market in the third quarter. And so, it was really planned for that particular time in terms of what will we end up with, occupancy or with rate, thats a story to be written.
Matt Maddox: And, Joe, were still focused as weve been saying for about a year now. That when the  as the convention center stabilized, and were seeing lots of interest in it as people are touring, it is booking quite fast, that the 4 to 6 points of incremental occupancy is still the target as we get into late 2020 and into 2021. I think we ended the year at roughly 87% occupancy. And we want to be in the low-90%s 6 months from now.
Joseph Greff: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Felicia Hendrix from Barclays. Your line is now open.
Felicia Hendrix: Hi, there. Thank you so much. So, Ian, for you, I was just curious, did the West Casino renovation open up at the end of the year?
Ian Coughlan: It opened up in mid-November, 44 tables and did exceptionally well, lifted premium mass was incremental business for Wynn Macau. The marketing and operations team did great job launching it. And we were looking forward to a great Chinese New Year. It had done very well up to that point. And so were encouraged. And for the future, we still have elements of the facility to open in the first quarter. So we have 2 restaurants coming on board, fixed retail outlets and support areas. So its an exciting development for Macau. Plus, we have all our Encore room back after their renovation.
Operator: Our next question comes from Shaun Kelley from Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Shaun Kelley: Hi, good afternoon. Maybe for Matt or Ian. Just wanted to get your sense on  I think obviously, the market was a little disrupted in Macau in December, given the Presidents visit, but I was kind of curious on maybe your bigger picture view on maybe some of the implications of that visit. There were some, I think, some really positive reads about what that might have meant for kind of the near or medium term? And then any kind of just initial reads on the new Chief Executive and how those  kind of how some of those relations are going?
Matt Maddox: Sure. So Ill kick it off. And then Ian, you can chime in. But as I said before, we thought Macau was really set up for a great 2020. Were very optimistic about the new Chief Executive and the direction that he is taking Macau. We feel good about all the infrastructure thats coming in place. Clearly, the visit in December by President Xi was wildly lauded around really all throughout China as Macau has done a great job with the 1 country and 2 systems. So we feel really good about Macaus position going forward. Ian, do you have any thoughts on that.
Ian Coughlan: We  2 years ago, when the Greater Bay Area was being discussed at the governmental level, Macau was described as having a seat in one of the VIP carriages as the Greater Bay Area move forward after President Xis visit. Its now positioned Macau in a leading role, which is wonderful for everybody in Macau business and community. And secondly, on the new Chief Executive, he barely sat in his seat and he has this huge virus maelstrom. Hes being quite amazing in his clear concise pragmatic communication with the community, and also with business. Weve been in daily dialog with government and its been quite remarkable, and the decision making that he has done in his first few weeks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Thomas Allen from Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Thomas Allen: Hey, thanks. So a couple of questions on Macau, how is business interruption insurance going to work? And then also with covenants, I know, youve been well under them, and obviously, you have a ton of cash. But will there be concessions given? And then finally, the cost containment was really impressive. Can you just talk a little bit more about how youre able to achieve that? Thank you.
Craig Billings: Sure, Thomas. Its Craig. Ill take the first 2, and then we can talk about the latter. So generally speaking, business interruption insurance must relate to a physical event that caused the business interruption, so a storm or some type of damage. That obviously isnt the case here. So we dont expect material business interruption coverage, proceeds from the coronavirus event. To your question on covenants, the vast majority of our debt stack is comprised of long-dated unsecured bonds with no maintenance covenants. The 2 bank facilities do have maintenance covenants. The U.S. facility has more than ample covenant headroom to sustain a very prolonged period of suppressed business volumes in Macau. And the Macau facility does have a maintenance covenant that is sensitive to Macau EBITDA. And as I suspect several concessionaires do, we already have a game plan in place to manage that to the extent that the shutdown is extended, but it would have to be quite extended. And as you rightly pointed out, we have a ton of liquidity, we have a couple of billion dollars of availability between cash and revolver in Macau and thats more than sufficient to last for really any period of closure. Ian, did you  would you kind of comments on the OpEx controls?
Ian Coughlan: Sure. Its just a team effort to collectively look at variable expenses. We were able to bring headcounts down. We have a hiring freeze in place. And the teams did a good job and parsing expenses but not hurting the quality of service and the quality of product and facility.
Operator: Our next question comes from Harry Curtis from Instinet. Your line is now open.
Harry Curtis: Hi, yeah, good afternoon. My question goes back to the comments that you made about the light-rail system. Was it  was an operation long enough to get any sense of whether or not it would be effective transporting more visitors to your properties?
Ian Coughlan: So, Harry, this is Ian. And it had only been in operation for 3 weeks and still going through testing mode. Its a great vehicle transfer situation for us with 2 stations right outside our property, but its too early to tell in terms of traffic movement, et cetera.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Katz from Jefferies. Your line is now open.
David Katz: Hi, afternoon. If I can just ask you to go back on one detail. You did make some mention and show some evidence of good cost containment. Can you talk a bit more about what levers and a bit more specificity around what you can do with costs? Are you encouraging vacation or any of those sorts of things that may mitigate some cost impact? And then secondly, I wanted to change the subject and talk a bit about Encore Boston, and just sort of get your updated view about what a ramp to a payback period might be over time and how youre envisioning that. Thank you.
Matt Maddox: Sure. So this is Matt. For  on the cost containment side in the normal operating environment, I think, in all of our properties, weve been doing a very good job focusing on costs and being smart and efficient. Right now in Macau, the roughly $1.8 million to $1.9 million a day of payroll, we are not looking at cutting that at all. Now is the time when you invest in your people, you dont do something short-term that will hurt the culture or cause any distraction. So were investing in the community right now because we know this will be temporary, and we think that its the right long-term investment. For Encore Boston Harbor, when we laid out the program, when we opened to Analyst Day, we talked about a 2-year ramp period. Admittedly, it has launched softer than we thought, and particularly on the slot side. And so were doing a lot of work. What we realized was, we didnt have quite the right food and beverage program in particular around quick serve for the daytime slot customer. Its actually the same thing that we went through at Wynn Palace. And when we opened, we realized we needed more quick-serve restaurants in Wynn Palace, we immediately closed a third of the casino. We built Red 8, we built 5 new restaurants in the meantime. And so were going through that process in a very fast way at Encore Boston Harbor, because when we see a problem, we fix it. So I think were still in that 2-year ramp up mode.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in todays conference. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-11-06 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Wynn Resorts Third Quarter 2019 Earnings Call. All participants are in a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer session of todays conference. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. I will now turn the line over to Craig Billings, Chief Financial Officer. Sir, you may begin.
Craig Billings: Thank you, operator, and good afternoon, everyone. With me today in Las Vegas are Matt Maddox and Marilyn Spiegel. Also on the line are Ian Coughlan, Ciarn Carruthers, Frederic Luvisutto and Bob DeSalvio. I want to remind you that we may make forward-looking statements under safe harbor federal securities laws and those statements may or may not come true. I will now turn the call over to Matt Maddox.
Matt Maddox: Good afternoon everyone and thank you for joining us today for our third quarter conference call. I'd like to get started talking about Macau. In the third quarter, in Macau, we generated $301 million of EBITDA. However, we had a hold impact from our direct business of approximately $22 million. We held negative 1% at Wynn Palace in our direct program and 1.2% in our direct program at Wynn Macau. The way the direct programs are structured, you pay commission on turnover not on win loss, so when you have abnormally low hold, that revenue mix significantly impacts EBITDA and that was a $22 million impact in Macau. VIP continued to compress and we did see some customer trial out at Cotai with some of the newer product at both City of Dreams and MGM, but I believe and we all believe that that is quite temporary. Mass continued to grow. We maintained our share in mass market and slots at 14%. And I'm pleased to say that while the VIP trends and the mass trends continued into October, we generated over $4 million a day of EBITDA during the month of October, driven largely by an 8% growth in our mass drop during that month. Moving onto Las Vegas. We've continued to see the positive momentum that we experienced in the first quarter. We had $13 million impact and hold in our baccarat business in Las Vegas. But if you take a look at the strategy and the way that we made the pivot to focus on taking market share in the domestic business, casino business and in slots, it is working and Marilyn and the team are doing a great job. We had 9% growth in our domestic table games drop and as well as 9% growth in slot handle during the quarter. Our hotel revenues grew by 5% during the quarter and retail is continuing to really gain traction as it was up over double digits in revenue growth during the quarter. The Las Vegas strategy is working and we're really excited about 2020. Moving on to Boston, at Encore Boston Harbor first I'd like to congratulate Brian Gullbrants as the new property president. He's been with us for over a decade and I know and we all know that he is the exact right person to lead that project. We've been opened for 136 days in Boston and we're learning each and every day how to become more local. We've been tweaking our food and beverage product to make sure we're giving the customers what they want. We've been working on our messaging and we now have new messaging out to the market. We are going to the first time in our company's history in North America launch a loyalty card tiered card program and that will be launching in Boston in the first quarter. And I'm sure as all of you that are very familiar with our business now that tier card program is essential in a regional marketing in a regional property. Our table games business in Boston and our hotel business has actually been quite encouraging. And we always knew the slots would take time to ramp. If you think about it, when we opened our doors in our local database, we had zero customers. Fast forward 136 days, we have 250,000 people in our database, which is significant growth. In order to compete in a high frequency market where people are coming multiple times a month, a robust database is necessary because you need to message to the customers what it is you're doing each week and why they need to come into the property. We are on the path to growth there and I think that we have the right team in place. So that's really the wrap on the third quarter, but what I'm excited about is 2020. And the reason is we began a transition with this company in 2018. We reallocated capital to Macau. We thought about Las Vegas differently. We focused on opening Encore Boston Harbor. And if you look at where we are today, I was in Macau two weeks ago, walking when Macau, our new property downtown, with Ian and Ciarn who runs the property and Linda looking at what's about to open in 60 days. We've taken everything that we know about compression of energy in space and what works in food and beverage in new hotel rooms and we've invested in Wynn Macau to make what we think will be the best premium Mass product on the peninsula and it will continue to gain share. We have 7,000 square feet of new retail that well be opening, two new restaurants, the new casino and a fully remodeled Encore Tower. All of that opens at the end of this year and in early 2020. And well position Wynn Macau as a market share taker in the very near future. Wynn Palace remains as the high quality environment that is really going to continue to be the aspirational property at Cotai. So it's not just our product that I'm excited about, when I was there and we were talking not just internally, but to our peers in the market, people are quite sanguine about Macau in 2020. There's a new government that's coming in and people are very excited about in December. A lot of the infrastructure projects that have been talked about and underway for years and years and years in Hanshin Island are starting to complete. Visitation in Macau has been up double digits for the last three quarters. So 2020 feels like Macau is well positioned for growth and that we are well positioned to capture our share of that growth. If you look at Las Vegas, we actually have more products coming online in 2020 than we have since we opened Encore in 2008. We have a 430,000 square foot convention center that's opening in 90 days. This convention center is on our golf course and has a 390 foot promenade with two story glass walls overlooking the golf course leading to an 83,000 square foot ballroom. That's almost two acres. And when we walk event planners into that space, their jaws drop and they ask where do we sign. That will be opening in 90 days. On top of that, we have three new restaurants that we'll be opening in 2020 creating an entirely different segment of social dining at Wynn Las Vegas and we are very excited about where we are positioned and how we're positioned against our competitors for 2020. And if you think about Boston, we're at the beginning of the ramp. We're not at the end. So each quarter we're going to be tweaking our marketing, we're going to be focusing on growing our database, working on controlling expenses and growing revenues and EBITDA each quarter. So I'm very excited about the transition that we've been through and the future of this company as we move forward into 2020. With that, I'm going to turn it over to Craig.
Craig Billings: Thank you, Matt. As noted in our release, our Macau operations delivered adjusted EBITDA $301.2 million on $1.1 billion of operating revenues. The quarter was characterized by strength in both main floor core mass and premium mass with combined property win in the mass segment up 7% year-over-year. Our results in Macau are negatively impacted by a low direct VIP hold percentage as Matt mentioned, which decreased EBITDA by approximately $22 million from a normalized level with the hold impact weighted slightly more heavily to Palace at $13 million. Also, you recall that we received $11 million of insurance proceeds in the prior year quarter impacting the year-over-year EBITDA comparison. The team in Macau did a great job in the quarter of controlling costs at both properties without negatively impacting the guest experience. At Wynn Palace, our operating expenses excluding taxes were flat year-over-year and down sequentially, which helped drive a 200 basis point increase in normalized EBITDA margin compared to 2Q despite top line pressure. At Wynn Macau, OpEx increased slightly year-over-year and was down sequentially despite some incremental payroll expenses we begin to staff up for the West Casino opening. We are well prepared to drive strong operating leverage when the top line environment improves. Our Las Vegas operations produced adjusted property EBITDA of $88 million in the third quarter on operating revenue of $399.5 million with year-over-year growth in both baccarat and non-baccarat table drop and slot handle. On the hotel side, RevPAR increased approximately 4% [ph] year-over-year to $269 driving $116.1 million of hotel revenue. We held low in Las Vegas, which negatively impacted EBITDA by approximately $13 million. Bad debt expense in Las Vegas was $4.5 million compared to $500,000 in the prior year costing us $4 million in comparable EBITDA. We spent just under $60 million in project costs on the group space expansion at Wynn Las Vegas taking our spend to date to $302.7 million. This expansion is slated to open in the first quarter of 2020. We ended the quarter with total debt of $9.54 billion and total cash and investments of $1.68 billion including approximately $947 million at Wynn Macau. During the quarter, we returned over $100 million to shareholders through our quarterly dividend payment. We will continue to look closely at our capital allocation alternatives, including periodic increases to our dividends and opportunistic share repurchases. Finally, during the quarter, we completed a refinancing of our U.S. capital structure, which extended our maturities, streamlined our U.S. Restricted Group and simplified our collateral package for the U.S. and corporate entities. We believe the simplification of our U.S. capital structure will make it easier to understand and ultimately lower our cost of debt capital over time. With that, we will now turn it over to questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Carlo Santarelli [Deutsche Bank]. Sir, your line is open.
Carlo Santarelli: Hey guys, thank you and good afternoon. Matt, you talked a little bit about the low direct hold in the period. Obviously hearing a negative number is pretty startling. Just in terms of  and I don't know that you guys are going to answer this, but just in terms of the mix of direct relative to your junket business at the combined assets in Macau right now, do you guys have kind of a ballpark that you could provide us to the mix of direct right now on a rolling chip volume basis?
Matt Maddox: Carlo, we usually don't get into the mix between direct and our junket business. And so, I'd rather not get into those specifics right now. I do think that our direct will likely have more growth potential in particular Wynn Palace going forward as we're seeing some of the smaller junket operators consolidate into the top three. So our direct business is really on a customer by customer basis with our program run by Linda Chen. And I think that as we continue to ramp that piece up that I feel pretty good about where the direct business is going.
Carlo Santarelli: Understood. And then maybe just bigger picture in terms of what you're seeing in Macau on the VIP side, obviously, we were still facing some comparisons that were a little bit challenging in terms of role in the market, et cetera. With the performance in the quarter and obviously what you've seen over the holiday period in October, are you starting to see any kind of stabilization in the business, maybe on a quarterly sequential basis in VIP across the market?
Matt Maddox: Well, I think that you've seen that commentary in the market that there feels like there's some stabilization. I think that a lot of people are very optimistic that that we're at a stabilization point and that 2020 could be a period where we're starting to see some growth. Carlo, in the past, we've spoken about, just to go back to your question, direct versus junket and it's ranged from 80:20 down to 90:10 between junket and direct. And it really is very quite volatile during the  from quarter-to-quarter. But we think that both our direct business has growth opportunity in 2020 and that the junket business hopefully will continue to stabilize.
Carlo Santarelli: Great. Thank you. That's helpful. And then just if I could one follow up on Boston Harbor and the ramp there, when you think about kind of the  obviously driving that slot business and kind of building that database, the other side of the equation is obviously the cost side. And if I kind of just adjust for gaming taxes and the period knowing this is very simplistic and crude way of doing it, you kind of arrive at 1.45 million a day or so to run the property. I assume you're not going to be willing in the near term to sacrifice the experience all that much. But over time when you think about the ability to take costs out of the building with some of the changes that you ultimately make, do you see there being plenty of cushions in there to do so as we look out to 2020 and beyond?
Matt Maddox: I don't want to say there's plenty of cushion, but clearly when you open a property, you have more staffs than you end up meeting when you're operating in a very efficient way and also as well as how you procure items. You do just get smarter. And so, I would think that the 1.4 million will definitely be  have a downward trajectory through 2020. Craig, do you have any thoughts on that?
Craig Billings: I would agree with that. That's likely to be peak for the near-term.
Carlo Santarelli: Great, thank you guys.
Operator: Thank you. Next we have Joe Greff with JPMorgan. Sir, your line is open.
Joe Greff: Hello everybody. Craig, could you give us hold adjusted EBITDA margins at the two properties in Macau and the 3Q?
Craig Billings: Sure, Greff. Wynn Macau was 30.4% and Wynn Palace was 29.2%, which is about 200 basis points higher than Q2.
Joe Greff: Got it. And was there any renovation disruption that Wynn Macau from the West Casino construction? And is that part of maybe the hold adjusted EBITDA and the mass growth acceleration in October relative to the 3Q?
Matt Maddox: I think there's definitely a disruption from the renovation. Again, just walking the property two weeks ago, it's hard to quantify because we're not seeing large drops in volumes coming in the door, but about half the building is behind construction walls, the podium level. So there's definitely some disruption. And I think we're just going to see what the impact is going to be when we open our new facility in about 60 days. It's really targeted for the premium mass customer. And Joe, if you  you know the property well, the new gaming floor feels very similar to Encore in Macau, but it's anchored by two restaurants and has two entrances to the boardwalk that go between MGM Wynn and SJM, which is very heavily trafficked and before it had no entrances. So we feel really confident that the way we've repositioned this property away from smaller mid-tier junket operators and two the premium mass market is going to work.
Joe Greff: Great. That's helpful. And then as you kind of look at the growth in mass in October that 8% year-over-year growth that drove that $4 million of EBITDA per day, how much of that is share gain versus market dynamics and just relative growth rates in mass? And then my final question, skipping over to Las Vegas, can you remind us what some of the specific strategies going after some of the domestic gaming segments versus where the focus was heretofore? And that's all for me. Thank you.
Matt Maddox: Sure. So again, our drop was up 8% in Macau on the mass side. I don't necessarily think that's share gain. I think that's we're continuing to keep pace with the market at about a 14% market share between mass and slots. Ian, do you have any additional thoughts on that?
Ian Coughlan: It's really just the daily hand to hand combat and all of the initiatives that we put in place over the last two years. We continue to aggressively drive our signup of our loyalty program. That was up 48% in the third quarter versus the third quarter last year. Wynn McCowen in particular has driven that up very heavily. Through the construction disruption, we focus very much on our players. We've increased the number of holes on the floor and we're hiring up now for the new 44 tables that we're introducing at Wynn Macau. Also at Wynn Palace, we've introduced a new pit of 20 tables just off our high limit at table games area, which will also be very fruitful for us. We moved around some slot machines. So in both properties we continued to change the floor and react to the customer base.
Matt Maddox: And I'm going to let Marilyn to talk a little bit about the strategy in Las Vegas.
Marilyn Spiegel: Sure. So the  really it's a three part strategy. First off with people installing the right people in casino marketing; secondly, making sure the marketing was correct and adding the technology that we needed to really market to those guests effectively, both our current guests to reactivate and bring in new guests and third was using the amenities that we have. So we were able to leverage our rooms to really grow the domestic business.
Joe Greff: Great. Thanks guys.
Operator: Thank you. Next we have Felicia Hendrix from Barclays. Your line is open.
Felicia Hendrix: Hi, thank you very much. Marilyn when we have you  while we have you I may have missed this, but in the prepared remarks, Matt or Marilyn can answer this. Did you guys talk about in Vegas how much your baccarat business was either up or down? Or how that performed in the quarter in Vegas?
Marilyn Spiegel: Well, at baccarat drop was up for us in the quarter. We played very unlucky and that's really the issue that we had. We had more players who were big players and beat us year-over-year. And so, that was whats happened in baccarat. But we still see them coming and believe that that we are the property of choice for them.
Felicia Hendrix: Yes. And that's  thank you for that because that's actually where my question is coming too because as we're at the end of earning season and various companies had made various comments about the high-end baccarat player in Las Vegas and some have said not to expect them to kind of come back, others have done better. So it seems like you're kind of on the end of the spectrum that you're still kind of operating business as usual in that part.
Marilyn Spiegel: We actually believe it's a cyclical issue in baccarat. It's not a structural issue. And we think that they will continue to come.
Matt Maddox: I agree. I mean if  for people to try to predict the travel patterns of 1.4 billion people in China and many billions of people in Asia did not come to the world entertainment capital in Las Vegas, I think that's a mistake over a 10 year period. Las Vegas is going to continue to reinvent itself. We're continuing to invest and it is a place where people like to go. And so, I agree with Marilyn. It's temporary. This is not a change in customer behavior.
Felicia Hendrix: Thank you. That's, that's helpful. And then  and Matt maybe you could talk about Japan for a moment. In the quarter, you made an announcement about a change of strategy there. Maybe you could help us  walk us through that? And how you're looking at Japan now?
Matt Maddox: Sure. So we've been working on Japan quietly behind the scenes for almost a decade now. We have spent 85% to 90% of our time in the Tokyo Bay area, talking to over the last 10 years. So we didn't necessarily change strategy. I think we just publicly said that we would not be pursuing Osaka, which is something that was  something we were going to announce eventually. And we believe that there will be opportunity in the Tokyo Bay area. We are working with various consortium partners now and we're doing things quietly and behind the scenes. I spend. I go over there about one week out of every couple of months. We have people on the ground. We're building up our team. I still believe this is going to be a longer process than a lot of people are anticipating. And we're going to make sure that if there is something that's right for Wynn that it is financially sound that the project is something that will change the company and were with partners that share our same values.
Felicia Hendrix: And how were you thinking about returns there as given the potential high costs?
Matt Maddox: And that was my point, Felicia.
Felicia Hendrix: Yes.
Matt Maddox: We are going to pursue Japan with vigor, but we will not pursue it if it does not make financial sense. So we're going to be very disciplined in terms of how any structure is put together, what the costs are going to be and what a return profile is going to be. So we liked the Japanese market. We think that it will be a very high revenue market, but we're focused on making sure that it will be something that our shareholders will also like.
Felicia Hendrix: Okay. Thank you. Much appreciated.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Shaun Kelley of Bank of America. Your line is open.
Shaun Kelley: Hi. Good afternoon everyone. I'm just wondering if you could talk a little bit more about how you're thinking about supply growth in Macau into 2020. I think Matt in the prepared remarks you mentioned a little bit about some customer trial for new product this year. There's obviously some new stuff opening in your neighborhood, but probably more like in the second half of next year, but you also have some infrastructure coming in. So maybe just some of the pros, cons as you're thinking about the longer term outlook there.
Matt Maddox: Sure. I'll give you my thoughts and then Ian, I'd like for you to take it as well. The major supply growth outside of SJMs property has really already happened. I think all of us operators now are continuing to refine our projects and build out in the areas where we think there'll be high returning high ROIs. Galaxy is continuing to build many non-gaming amenities and we do have the Crystal Pavilion that we will be presenting that is an additional 700 plus hotel rooms in Phase 1 in an entertainment facility. That will unlikely really begin in earnest until 2021 and complete in 2024. So I think right now Macau has more infrastructure and more visitors coming to the market then it will an increase in supply. Ian, do you have any thoughts?
Ian Coughlan: I think we'll start to see the arrival of new product or revised product in the marketplace after 2020. I think later in 2021, we'll see the arrival of SJM, which we believe that Grand Lisboa Palace is going to drive additional business for Wynn Palace in particular. We'll see a Sands Cotai go through their transformation into The Londoner. And most of that will take place in 2021 and it will be spread like a lot of the projects have been over the last four years. With infrastructure, were excited about the light rail system, which has been under build for nearly eight years and comes to fruition later this year, hopefully within the next 10 to 12 weeks. And that has a drop-off point right outside of our Wynn Palace property. It connects directly to the Cotai Ferry Terminal in the airport. And we think that that's going to bring a lot more visitors to this general area of Cotai.
Shaun Kelley: Great, thank you. And then just in the  you give us an inch, we take a mile camp. Just going back to the comments around October, obviously it implies a very nice sequential improvement from what you recognized in EBITDA for the third quarter. Just for people that not extrapolate too much into that, any color you could give around. Does that include just normalized hold because there's a big bounce back relative to what you actually recognized? Or did you hold a little heavy in that that helped that trend at all? Or was it golden week or any other seasonality?
Matt Maddox: Well, you had golden week, which helps October. We actually generated more than $4 million a day, a little more than $4 million a day. But on a normalized basis, it was right at $4 million a day for the month of October.
Shaun Kelley: Great, thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Next we have Thomas Allen from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Thomas Allen: Thank you. So just sign of struck to me in the press release was that you're going to Boston hold of 16% to 20% on tables in Vegas 22% to 26%. I'm guessing a lot of that is game mix. But if some of that also you expect hold to kind of ramp as the property  as the property ramps? Thanks.
Craig Billings: Thomas, its Craig. Yes, it really has to do with how markers are handled and the ability to repay markers in the pit in Las Vegas and not repay markers in the pit in Boston. It purely has to do with regulatory.
Thomas Allen: Okay, helpful. Thank you. And then there was announcement on a sports betting partnership this past quarter. Can you just talk more about what you're doing there? Thank you.
Matt Maddox: Craig, I will let you to take that one.
Craig Billings: Sure. We have a sports betting strategy that's very focused on high quality products and various selected markets. So we're likely to launch a sports betting product early in 2020 in New Jersey and then move out to selected states and ultimately hopefully deploy that product in Massachusetts where we think that will be a game changer for Encore Boston Harbor.
Thomas Allen: All very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Next we have Harry Curtis from Instinet. Your line is open.
Daniel Adam: Hey guys. This is Daniel Adam on for Harry. Just one question on our end. So you had a $22 million direct VIP hold impact in the quarter, but if I look at your overall VIP hold percent in Macau, it came in at 3%, so at the high-end of the normalized range. So I guess my question is  well you must have held high in your junket business. What was the positive hold impact in the non-direct VIP play in the quarter? Thanks.
Craig Billings: It's Craig. We're quoting it net of high junket hold. So we're giving you our normalized EBITDA impact inclusive of that high hold in junket.
Daniel Adam: Okay, got it. So the direct impact was even greater than $22 million is what you're saying.
Craig Billings: Yes, correct.
Daniel Adam: Okay. Thanks guys.
Operator: Thank you. Next we have Stephen Grambling from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Stephen Grambling: Thanks for taking the questions. One quick follow up on Las Vegas. Can you just expand on the puts and takes to think about into 2020 both at the market level and then what you're doing at the property as we think about any of the initial reads you might be seeing from ConAg, the golf course or some of the new space? Thanks.
Marilyn Spiegel: Sure. The golf course opened up in first weekend in October. It's been great. We often have more demand than we have supply for the number of players coming to the course. So we feel really great about that. 2020, of course, February is the launch of the convention center. And we will see a good growth in the convention center, but during the Investor Day, you'll recall that we talked about the room remodel. And so the room remodel is going to hit in June and it's going to mostly take up that time with leisure rooms. But we haven't refreshed our rooms at Wynn for eight years and it is time to do so. So that will be factored into 2020 also. But as we think about 2020, the convention business being solid, that casino business continuing to grow and then we plan on good FIT business and leisure business that will fill in the gaps.
Matt Maddox: The strategy has been  so many of our competitors are not investing in my opinion as they should in our product, in their products. And so, we have a real opportunity to continue to capture market share at the higher end of the business. So we will be completely reprogramming the lake of dreams with new shows. We're remodeling all of our rooms at Wynn Las Vegas. We have a new convention center. We have new restaurants. We're spending the money to create an entirely new fun experience here while a lot of our competitors are not doing that. And so, we see real opportunity in Las Vegas to capture share. The market may be growing along with the economy, but we'll be capturing share.
Stephen Grambling: Perhaps that's a good segue to my follow up. And I realized you are on a path to deleveraging the balance sheet, but could you share any thoughts on how the cap rate, implicit interest rate and structure of the Bellagio transaction announced impact, how you think about financing and/or capitalizing the business?
Matt Maddox: Sure. I'll start off with that. So if you look at where OpCos are trading and where these deals are occurring, it appears to me that the way that our North American assets are valued. We're getting full value for our real estate. And in order to grow in this business, you have to continue to invest to capture more market share. I'm not quite sure right now that this OpCo/PropCo structure in the Las Vegas market where you have to heavily invest, I'm not sure one plus one equals two if you look at the way the OpCos are trading. So we feel very comfortable with the way that we're running our business with owning our real estate and we believe we're getting proper value. Craig, do you have any thoughts on that?
Craig Billings: Yes, I would just add that obviously being an OpCo exposes you to much greater volatility and sensitivity throughout the economic cycle, particularly at the tail end of the economic cycle. So there's a whole host of operating considerations. And as Matt mentioned, investment considerations that you have to take into account before you access a funding source like that.
Matt Maddox: It appears to me that they borrowed $4.2 billion at an average rate of 8% over 30 years and guaranteed the debt. I think that's what that trade was. So that's an interesting source of capital but an expensive one in my opinion.
Stephen Grambling: Fair enough. And then should we be expecting  just one last quick one. Should we expect any kind of capital investment in Boston as youre thinking about right sizing some, what's going on there? Thanks.
Matt Maddox: The capital investments that we're talking about are reconfiguring restaurants. We're building out a sports bar that could potentially become a sports book, so not large capital investments. We do have 11 acres of land across The Street where many developers have been talking to us about partnerships, where we could have new hotels, retail, et cetera. So we've been thinking about that more as landlords and partners as opposed to outright developers. But first we're going to ramp Encore Boston Harbor. And then we're going to watch the neighborhood build out.
Stephen Grambling: Super helpful. Thanks so much. Best of luck.
Operator: Thank you. Next we have David Katz [Jefferies]. Sir your line is open.
David Katz: Hi afternoon everyone. I wanted to just address Las Vegas and specifically there's a piece of property across The Street from where you are that if know memory serves, it traded at one time for 37.5 million an acre. And obviously you paid quite a bit less than that. What are your thoughts about  what you could or might do with that given that the Vegas market has episodes of high trading and we seem to be in one of those?
Matt Maddox: So we like owning that land as option value. We've invested significant capital in Wynn Las Vegas over the last two years to position this product, to take more market share. We are continuing to think about what could work on the 33  36 acres across The Street. But in order to really understand what would work, we believe that first we need to see how Resorts World opens, which is coming in the next 18 months, I believe. Get a feel for the market; watch the Raiders stadium come in. Right now, it's expensive to build in Las Vegas. The trades have more jobs than they have manpower. So what we want to do is watch and see how the Las Vegas market expands with this new product  projects coming on board and then we can determine what will make the most sense to increase shareholder value on that 36 acres.
David Katz: Great. And if I could, Craig, just go back to sort of what  how we should be thinking about target leverage at this point and the capital allocation alternatives update? And apologies if I missed it at the very beginning, I got on just a couple of minutes late.
Matt Maddox: No problem, David. Nothing significant has changed since we had our Analyst Day in July. We published free cash flow targets at that Analyst Day. They're available on our website. We've historically talked about leverage  steady state leverage in the 3.5 times net debt level, which is actually pretty close to where we are today. We continuously look at the dividend. We'll look at it again early in 2020. And to the extent we are able to be very opportunistic from a share repurchase perspective we will do that, so really sticking to the strategy that we've previously discussed.
David Katz: Is there an open authorization?
Matt Maddox: There is.
David Katz: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Next we have Ricardo Chinchilla from Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Ricardo Chinchilla: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking the question. I was wondering if there's any progress with regards to the terms of the lease that you guys are going to do between the convention center and the Las Vegas entity.
Matt Maddox: Yes, thanks for your question. So in connection with the refinancing that we most recently did, one of our stated uses of the revolver was to purchase the convention facility from Wynn Resorts and bring it down into the restricted group. There will then be a lease between the entity that holds that within the restricted group and Wynn Las Vegas. We will put that lease in place at the point at which we make the purchase which we anticipate to be very early in Q1 2020. We haven't disclosed any terms on that lease, but you should assume it would be market.
Ricardo Chinchilla: Perfect. Thank you. And could you please just provide us with the CapEx number for the quarter?
Matt Maddox: Sure. Total CapEx was $242.3 million system wide.
Ricardo Chinchilla: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Next we have Chad Beynon from Macquarie. Your line is open
Chad Beynon: Afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. Regarding the Hong Kong travel disruption that we saw in the third quarter, do you have a sense or could you quantify what this may have meant for your customers to Macau to the Greater Bay Area? And then also has this ended as we enter the fourth quarter? Are you still seeing some of this potentially playing into current business fundamentals? Thank you.
Matt Maddox: It's really hard to quantify because you're seeing visitation in Macau increase. I do think that it has impacted our premium business that would be the fly-in traffic in the Hong Kong that gets picked up in one of our luxury cars and driven over to Wynn Palace or Wynn Macau. But I think it's been hard for us to actually quantify that impact. Ian, do you have any thoughts on that?
Ian Coughlan: There's been some residual impact more about people that would travel through Hong Kong and then come onto Macau, but I don't think it's been market significantly impactful. With all the other headwinds that are there, it's hard to break out. As long as the airport stays in operation, that's a very good feeder for us as you referenced in the premium mass sector.
Chad Beynon: Great. Thank you. And then Marilyn, just a follow up on the strong convention commentary that you noted for 2020. Are you still confident that this can kind of drive a 5% occupancy lift at the property? And given that there's been more details coming out over the past couple of quarters on a Legionnaire MSG Sphere and just the timing of the cities convention expansion. Could this actually be higher than a 5% lift given extra demand coming to the city? Thanks.
Marilyn Spiegel: Wouldnt that would be great. But frankly, I think what we've said is 4% to 6% additional occupancy and we see that right now. But again, a reminder that you won't really see the full year impact until 2021 once the rooms come online and the convention center has been operational.
Matt Maddox: Remember that's long booking business. So that's business that tends to book 18 months out. And so, you really see the convention  increased occupancy from the convention space come into its own in 2021.
Chad Beynon: Thank you very much.
Matt Maddox: And with that operator that will be our last question. So thank you everybody for taking the time to join today and we'll see you next quarter.
Craig Billings: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you all for participating in today's conference. You may disconnect your line and have a great day or a great evening.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-08-06 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Wynn Resorts Second Quarter 2019 Earnings Call. All participants are on listen-only until the question-and-answer session of today's conference [Operator Instructions]. This call is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. I will now turn the line over to Craig Billings, President and Chief Financial Officer. Sir, you may begin.
Craig Billings: Thank you, operator, and good afternoon everyone. With me today in Las Vegas are Matt Maddox and Marilyn Spiegel. Also on the line are Ian Coughlan, Ciaran Carruthers, Frederic Luvisutto and Bob DeSalvio. I want to remind you that we may make forward-looking statements under Safe Harbor federal securities laws, and those statements may or may not come true. I will now turn the call over to Matt Maddox.
Matt Maddox: Thanks Craig. And thank you all for joining our call. As we look back at second quarter, I'd like to start with congratulating the 5,000 new team members that we have in Massachusetts for opening Encore Boston Harbor. The property opened on June 3rd to much fans there, thousands and thousands of those tourists coming in and the property has not disappointed. The reviews have been terrific. People really appreciate the quality. And our service levels are beginning to ramp to Wynn standards. We've seen some really positive impact in the casino on the table game side. And in Boston right now, table games are performing well. Our hotel is beginning to ramp and we are working on various offers and promotions to really understand the highly competitive slot market in the Northeast, and believe that with our properties' location, with our management team and with our product, that we will continue to ramp that property and take share in the Northeast. And we look forward to sharing more results as we have more days under our belt after our third quarter. Moving on to Macau. We generated $343 million of EBITDA this quarter. Macau is currently a really core mass market driven market right now. Our core mass was up over 22% compared to last year. That compares to core mass up 13% in the first quarter. We're continuing to see some choppiness in the premium market and in the VIP market. As an example, April EBITDA on a combined basis was down 21% over the last year. Yet, May and June, were up over 7%. And our VIP turnover in May and June were essentially flat with last year. So really what that tells us is you can't look at one month as a trend. As an example, the July numbers were recently put out by the DICJ, and it was pretty clear that there was some softness in the VIP sets. We do not look at that as a trend. We look at it as a data point and fully believe in our premium market focus as we continue to take share in the core mass. Looking at the properties specifically. At Wynn Macau, we saw mass revenues grow over 10% and that validates our strategy as we reposition Wynn Macau last year to turn it from a largely VIP junket house by reconfiguring the West Casino, remodelling the Encore Hotel Tower, building three new restaurants and an additional 8,000 square feet of retail, all of which will be completed by the end of this year, positioning Wynn Macau as a market share taker on the Peninsula for 2020. Looking at Wynn Palace, mass revenues were up approximately 6%, which was led by core mass up in double-digits, offset by softness on the premium mass side. Wynn Palace continues to be the leader in quality and in luxury in the Macau market. It's clear that we need more rooms at Wynn Palace. And at our Investor Day, we laid out our program for the Crystal Pavilion, which includes 1,300 new rooms, 650 rooms in Phase I, plus the Crystal Pavilion itself, which is a non-gaming development that has a new theatre concept, a collaboration with a museum that's going to have one of the largest collections of Chinese art on the planet, as well as 14 new food and beverage outlets. The Crystal Pavilion, coupled with the rooms, will make Wynn Palace, "the must see" destination in Macau. Moving to Wynn Las Vegas. I have to congratulate Maryland and the team in the Wynn Las Vegas for an extraordinary quarter and executing our strategy. It was the first time in over five years where our RevPAR increased by more than 9.5%. But what I found much more interesting was our focus on the casino, which for the last five to six years, had largely been ignored. As an example, our domestic table games business was up 12% this quarter when the overall Las Vegas strip was down 6%. Our slot revenues were up 12% this quarter when the overall Las Vegas strip was only up 7%. Our Baccarat revenues increased 5 times faster than the market. Clearly, we had some high hope. But even on a drop basis, our Baccarat drop was up 16% this quarter, while the market was only up 11%. So it's quite an extraordinary result, which was a strategic change in focusing on the casino and driving additional visits and more play. Another thing that I was really proud of the team is our net promoters score at Wynn Las Vegas was the highest in the company's history. A net promoter score is a simple question that we ask all of our hotel guests. And over 40,000 people responded this year, which is similar as to year as past. Which is, would you recommend Wynn Las Vegas to your friends and family? This year, we outpaced the luxury hotel benchmark by over 15% and have the highest score in 2019 in our company's history. So through the cultural shift that's occurred in Las Vegas, I think that that single fact coupled with the numbers says a lot of about this management team and what we've been able to achieve. You take the strong operational prowess and combine that with all of the capital improvements that we launched last year, a 400,000 square foot convention center that's going to be open in six months. Thomas Keller, the renowned chef will opening its first fine dining restaurant in Las Vegas in 2020, here at Wynn Las Vegas. Enrique Olvera, the top Mexican chef in North America has two of the top 50 restaurants on the world's best, will be opening his first restaurant in Las Vegas at Wynn Las Vegas in 2020. It'll be also opening a new separate club club of Delilah that I think will the next evolution of nightlife in Las Vegas. So you combine all of these new projects with what our operations team has been able to deliver. And I believe that Wynn Las Vegas will continue to be market share takers here in Las Vegas. Our vision is clear. We're going to continue to take market share in Las Vegas. We're going to own the premium market in Macau. And we're going to ramp Encore Boston Harbor to be the top grossing Casino in the northeast. We're very confident in our strategy. And what that's going to do to do is produce significant free cash flow for our company and for our investors. With that, I'm going to turn it over to Craig to get into more of the numbers.
Craig Billings: Thanks, Matt. As noted in our release, our Macau operations delivered $343 million of adjusted property EBITDA on $1.18 billion of operating revenues. As Matt noted, the quarter was characterized by strength and main floor core mass with combined property win in that core mass segment of 22% year-over-year. Our results in Macau were positively impacted by VIP hold, increasing EBITDA at Wynn Macau by approximately $8 million from a normalized level. Bad debt expense at Wynn Macau was comparable year-over-year, while at Wynn Palace, a swing from a $2.6 million credit in last year's quarter to $2 million expense in this year's quarter, costs us nearly $5 million in year-over-year comparable EBITDA. During the quarter, we spent $23.5 million on the West Casino refurbishment and Encore refresh, taking our spend to-date to approximately $42 million. Our Las Vegas operations delivered $137.4 million of adjusted property EBITDA in the quarter on operating revenue of $464.1 million with year-over-year growth in both Baccarat and non-Baccarat table drop as well as slot table. On the hotel side, RevPAR increased 9.5% year-over-year to $300, driving $127.6 million of hotel revenue, which is a property record. Property held high adding approximately $12 million to EBITDA. Bad debt expense in Las Vegas was $2.4 million compared to $1.7 million in the prior year quarter. We expect $58 million in project costs on the additional group space at Wynn Las Vegas, taking our spend to-date to $246.6 million. In Boston, we incurred $187.6 million in total project costs during the quarter, taking our total spend to-date to $2.45 billion. The remaining CapEx and construction retention of approximately $150 million will be paid over the coming quarters. We ended the quarter with total debt of $9.15 billion and total cash and investments of $1.51 billion including approximately $804.3 million of Wynn Macau. During the second quarter, we returned over $100 million to shareholders through our quarterly dividend payment. We will continue to look closely at capital allocation alternatives, including periodic increases to our dividends, as well as opportunistic share repurchases. With that, we will now open up the call for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Carlo Santarelli with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Carlo Santarelli: Good afternoon. Craig, Matt, could you talk a little bit about the impact that maybe the core mass growth relative to the other segments is having on margins? If you just kind of look at palace specifically, margins there were a little softer year-over-year. And given the mix, you would somewhat anticipate that maybe the mix of revenue would be advantageous for margins, but we didn't see it in this quarter. So maybe you could talk a little bit about kind of what's driving some of the margin pressure there?
Matt Maddox: Sure. I'll start with that, it's Matt. So if you look at our operating expenses in the second quarter per day, they are roughly the same as the first quarter or the fourth quarter. What we had in the second quarter is we had really low hold in the direct part of our business and VIP, which that mix definitely impacted margin. And on the premium side of the business, while core mass was up significantly with the premium mass being down, that did impact the operating leverage and it did impact the margin side. So it's really premium mass coupled with low hold and direct.
Carlo Santarelli: Great. Thanks Matt, that's certainly helpful. And then look, I know this is very hard to answer, but bigger picture. Clearly, with the -- not only the protest in Hong Kong but obviously the rhetoric around trade war, et cetera. We've seeing mixed results coming out of the Macau, I would say, over the last several months. Obviously, one data point here or there as you mentioned for July doesn't really make a trend necessarily. But from the ground and maybe some of the guides in Macau would be even better suited to answer this. Are you seeing guys anything that's materially different or behaviors that have changed given some of the aforementioned?
A - Matt Maddox: So, I'll jump and then I'll have Ian answer. Clearly, in July as you saw from the ICJ report, there is some softness in VIP. And when you have hundreds of flight cancels out of Hong Kong and some reluctance to travel, I do think that that's impacting the premium into the business. However, that to me feels very temporary and has really nothing to do with our business, and everything to do with what's going on in the region. Ian, do you have any further thoughts on that?
Ian Coughlan: No, the same headwinds existed for the last nine months continue. And clearly, what's happening in Hong Kong, albeit it's more recent, is certainly going to impact business in the short-term as you've described. And there's being disruption to people movement between Hong Kong and Macaw and that looks like it's going to continue for the next few weeks at least.
Carlo Santarelli: And then, Ian, if I just could one follow up. Obviously, VIP on a sequential basis across both of the assets was relatively stable in aggregate. Do you feel like that business has changed, or is kind of the stability and role just more of the same, and what we're looking at year-over-year just more has to do with comp stacks and luck factors as it pertains to revenue?
Ian Coughlan: VIP continues to be very choppy for the same reasons as the last 12 months to 18 months. I wouldn't suggest that there's stability there. We have some good months and then we have bad months.
Operator: Our next question comes from Joe Greff with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Joe Greff: Good afternoon, everybody. Just with respect to the junket business in Macau, Matt, Ian or Craig. Can you talk about sort of maybe the more recent, if there is more recent volatility with sort of key junkets and how well for that business is obviously have a lot of use flow on key junkets and what they maybe going through? Can you talk about how the ratio of junket business is, and if one junket might be experiencing volume declines, how's that impact the business in the aggregate? And then just a follow up to the Carlos question about the margins at Wynn Palace, if we were to normalize for those, hold impact in say the 2Q and 1Q at Wynn Palace. What would be a normalized hold EBITDA margin in the 2Q and 1Q just to better understand that dynamic? And that's it for me. Thanks.
A - Matt Maddox: Ian, why don't you take the first question? And then, Craig, I'll let you handle the marketing question.
Ian Coughlan: So we have business with the same junkets that we've had over the last 18 months. They go through periods of choppiness. One junket is up one is down. But there's nothing material about a specific junket that we do business with at this point.
Craig Billings: On the margin point, Joe, the low hold indirect VIP high holding junket phenomenon that we experienced in the quarter and then the mix shift that Matt referred to on the premium mass and core mass side probably costs us 150 basis points to 200 basis points of margin.
Operator: Our next question comes from Felicia Hendrix with Barclays. Your line is open.
Felicia Hendrix: Hi, thanks a lot. Ian, I'll start with you. For those of us sitting at our desks in the U.S., this latest trade war tensification and RMB devaluation, seems like it could have an incremental impact on demand. You guys have characterized what you're seeing as the continued choppiness. But I'm just wondering is -- and I know its super early, because it just happened but could we see another, like down? And the second part of that question is, is there a point where the macro affects the mass and obviously, it's already affected the supreme mass, but I'm really asking about the lower tiers of mass.
Ian Coughlan: Based on visitor arrivals, which continue to grow, I don't think core mass is going to be affected. And I think it's too early to call the latest gyrations in the trade war.
Felicia Hendrix: I'm wondering if -- I can't remember is Linda on the line, I don't know what maybe she's hearing from some of the folks that she's been communicating with recently.
Matt Maddox: No, she's not on the line today.
Felicia Hendrix: Okay, yes. Because that's obviously like the biggest concern that folks are having right now, but it is early. Also, through the -- since your Investor Day, one of the -- a lot of the questions that we've gotten on the Crystal Pavilion project was how you were thinking about the targeted return of 15% to 20%. And I was just hoping that you could talk about what was driving that view, and why we should be comfortable with that outlook?
Matt Maddox: Sure. So I'll start with that. Again, clearly, Wynn Palace needs more than 1,700 hotel rooms. I think you can see from some of our competitors that have just ramped up their new quite nice hotel product, what that has done to their bottom line. Our hotel is full. And on the weekends, we're turning away customers that we do not want to be turning away, and we know that they will spend more time and more money with us if they're staying with us. That coupled with the multigenerational travel that exists in Asia much different than really anywhere else in the world, the Crystal Pavilion is going to attract lots of customers, but also as we see at Cotai, families travel with customers. So we think that the Crystal Pavilion Entertainment -- the Crystal Pavilion project will be attractive to a much broader audience and we've estimated that we expect over 10 million visits to that on an annual basis. So the premium mass will be in the hotel and we think that we'll get significant incremental visitation from the core mass with the project.
Felicia Hendrix: Great, that's really helpful. And my final is just for Craig just housekeeping, I think it was at Palace where your bad debt slips from a credit to and expense, which affected EBITDA. Can you just talk about the expense in the quarter? Is that just more normal course, caution, reason to think anything from that number?
Craig Billings: No. We have pretty rigorous process of aging our receivables, that's formulaic. It's not reflective of any particular micro trend. And so it's normal course stuff. So we went from $2.6 million credit in the prior year quarter to $2 million of expense in the current year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Shaun Kelley with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Shaun Kelley: Matt, just can you give up the operating environment that we're in a little bit more broadly, and the growth that you're seeing in the core mass business. Is there anything you can do that's outside of obviously a meaningful room expansion to remix the property, or sort of optimize palace to take advantage of the market conditions as they are today. And anything you guys are thinking about there from a operating or expense perspective that would make sense to adjust?
Matt Maddox: Well, Shaun, we have been doing that. So for our core mass to be up 22%, that's not by accident. We're running significantly more marketing events and concerts and programs. We are really looking at continuing to drive that business. And I believe we are taking a large share of the core mass relative to our unit base, so with our -- roughly 300 games of each play. So Wynn Macau will be perfectly positioned to continue to take additional share in core mass starting in 2020 as we finish that program. And I just like to again remind everybody, the premium business is not going away. We've all seen this over many, many years in 2016, and 2012, when it artificially contacts for a very short period of time and people focused on core, and then it expands quite rapidly. So what we're not going to do is change who we are. We are the premium operator and we will continue to be the premium operator. But during this time, we are capturing I think more than our fare share of the core mass growth.
Shaun Kelley: Thanks for that. And then just at a high level, you guys have laid out sort of the 15% to 17% market share range. I think on our mass, you are still in that range just at the very low end of that. Is that still something you're broadly comfortable with, obviously, quarterly volatility or hold notwithstanding?
Craig Billings: Yes, that's our range that we're still focused on for the year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Thomas Allen with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Thomas Allen: So two questions on Vegas, first, broadly the property did really well in the quarter, but food and beverage revenue was down. Was there anything a nuanced about that? And then second, Vegas Baccarat was really strong in the quarter for you -- people are being cautioning about that business. So how should we think about the outlook for Vegas Baccarat, going forward? Thanks.
Marilyn Spiegel: So, in food and beverage, I mean, clearly, we have a new competitor in marketplace in night clubs, and it's a very promotional market right now. But we're pretty firm in our belief, great product, great service is going to overcome any competitive pressure there. But that's whats happening in food and beverage. And then when it comes down to Baccarat, it is what you see here in the choppiness is what you see in macro events. And so we're not sure what any quarter is going to do for Baccarat. But we were delighted with this quarter.
Thomas Allen: And then just on Palace, on the mass table wins. It's been kind of -- it's been stable at around $300 million bucks for six quarters now. Do you think that's kind of the right run rate for the foreseeable future until we see -- you see Crystal Palace on, or see a big ramp up in that premium play?
Craig Billings: It's really very market dependent, Thomas. So I believe as premium comes back, which it will, we're going to be a net beneficiary of that. Timing when that comes back is not -- it's quite hard. But I would expect to see growth once we -- once the premium customer begins to come back to Macau.
Thomas Allen: And you think this level is defendable given the strong core mass business?
Craig Billings: It certainly has been for six quarters. So we feel comfortable with our business model and the direction that we're going.
Operator: Our next question comes from Harry Curtis with Instinet. Your line is open.
Harry Curtis: I had -- I apologize I've been bouncing between calls. I hope this wasn't asked. But in Boston, can you talk about your strategy in building your slot business? And in your experience, how long does that typically take to get to a satisfactory level?
Matt Maddox: Sure. I'll start and then I'll turn it over to Bob DeSavio. So we've targeted a 12 month ramp up, Harry. And what we're doing is we're making sure that we're not going to get into promotional war with our competitors who are quite nervous about Encore Boston Harbor. So we're reacting to what our slot customers are telling us. We're looking at understanding what promotions work, how coins translate comp dollars and what prizes what gifts are working. And we are really focused on. Its guerrilla marketing out there and we're really focused on that. And we have the right team to do it. So Bob, do you want to jump in on that?
Bob DeSalvio: Sure. One of the things we're primarily focused on is database building. So right now, of course, we're trying to sign up as many new customers as possible. We're doing quick evaluations in turns and making sure that we communicate with them. Overall, when they see the property, great response, very positive. But as you know, this does take time to get through the ramp process, but we are all over and working on it.
Harry Curtis: And my follow up question is related to the acreage around Boston. You've been somewhat active buying up some key acreage. How long does it take for that to become commercially viable for you guys? And are you looking at joint ventures? How meaningful might joint ventures add to your cash flow over the years?
Matt Maddox: So the planning and permitting process does take quite a long time in Massachusetts. And we're not in with any formal programs right now. We are talking to various potential partners, because I think joint ventures can really work on that 11 acres for additional hotels that might be not quite the Wynn standard and other entertainment offerings, because this will be an entertainment destination in the Boston Metroplex, and those 11 acres are going to be very valuable. So we're taking our time to make sure that we have the exact right program, and understanding what it is that we need to drive more visitations to our casino.
Harry Curtis: When you talk about entertainment, I guess I'm -- is there any just kind of 30,000 foot framework that you can put around that. How do you define entertainment?
Matt Maddox: We've been approach by people that would like to think about putting an arena there for various events. We've been approached by people that like to do the outdoor districts that have lots of various entertainment aspects, but on a more boutique level. So we were evaluating various proposals. We're not in a rush but we do think that that's going to really add to the area and to the revenues of Encore Boston Harbor over the long-term.
Operator: Our next question comes from Stephen Grambling with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Stephen Grambling: Just one follow up on Boston. What would you need to see to start thinking about becoming more aggressive at targeting VIP players at the property? I think you had said that you were going to wait a little bit before you really start turning them?
Matt Maddox: That's right. What we've determined is we want to make sure that our service levels are at the Wynn standard, and that's not easy. The team is doing an amazing job, getting there and really a very, very quick way. But we'd always said let's give at least 90 days before we start hitting our full database at Wynn Las Vegas to offering people offers there, and directly marketing to our higher end customers. So the idea of that would be sometime in the fall.
Stephen Grambling: And then one other follow up from the event back at Boston. The $250 million in CapEx, I think that you outlined is part of the $16 free cash flow per share. Can you just remind us what is and isn't included in that number?
Matt Maddox:
Q - Stephen Grambling: And so that would be what you're -- I guess is there any other maintenance CapEx that we need to be thinking about, or other ROI projects that we should be factoring in?
Matt Maddox: Well, I think we've outlined everything between the food and beverage program in Wynn Las Vegas, the tailing CapEx for the group space in Las Vegas, the maintenance CapEx needs that we have across property, I think are well modelled, including in your model and in the Crystal Pavilion in Macau. That's really our pipeline.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Katz with Jefferies. Your line is open.
David Katz: Thanks for all of the detailed information. You've covered quite a bit, a bit more hypothetical. If and when you decide to grow, are you thinking more about growth domestically or internationally? We obviously are aware of Japan and what that opportunity is, but irrespective of that, do you have more of an inclination one way or the other?
Matt Maddox: We're going to always focus on large-scale integrated resorts that can move the needle on a Company of our size. So there are some large domestic markets that are talking about a third license, for example, in New York, but without really understanding how that would work, where it would be, it's hard to say how appealing that is, but we're keeping a very close eye on that, as well as, lots of people are spending lots of time in Japan including us. And so any time a market that could support a Wynn style property would open, we would be interested, but we're agnostic between domestic and international.
Operator: Our next question comes from Anil Daswani with Citibank. Your line is open.
Anil Daswani: Thanks for taking my question. I just wanted to focus a little bit on Wynn Palace and the Crystal Pavilion. Matt, could you tell us how much integration is there going to be between these two properties, and as a consequence, does that lead to any disruption at Wynn Palace going forward?
Matt Maddox: No, it shouldn't. So we have 7 acres of land adjacent to Wynn Palace, and we had actually built a retail corridor that was going to connect to Phase 2 that we never opened. Currently, it's housing Art Macau. If you were to go over there and look at all of the art installations that we ran for Art Macau. But that thoroughfare is closed off to the public normally, and that will be the connection into the Crystal Pavilion. So outside of construction traffic on the roads, the overall property should feel very little impact on the new construction. Ian, do you have any thoughts on that.
Ian Coughlan: No, I think we knew we were going to develop both those plots of land. So, in fact, a lot of the back of house integration of those properties is already planned for. The facility of Wynn Palace as it exists has made provisions for a lot of back of house support.
Anil Daswani: Thank you. And as my follow-up, could you maybe, Ian, tell us if there has been much of a disruption impact in Wynn Macau from your remodeling that's obviously going to be completed at the end of this year?
Ian Coughlan: Nothing significant, it's certainly visually disruptive, but I wouldn't say, it's had a material impact on business. We are 40% of the way through remodeling the Encore rooms and we're hoping to have everything finished by the end of the year.
Operator: I'll now turn it over to the host for final remarks.
Craig Billings: Okay. Well, thanks for joining today, everyone. We'll talk to you next quarter.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect your lines at this time.

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-05-09 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Wynn Resorts First Quarter 2019 Earnings Call. All participants are on listen-only until the question-and-answer session of today's conference [Operator Instructions]. This call is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. I will now turn the line over to Craig Billings, Chief Financial Officer. Sir, you may begin.
Craig Billings: Thank you, operator, and good afternoon everyone. With me today in Las Vegas are Matt Maddox and Marilyn Spiegel. Also on the line are Ian Coughlan, Ciaran Carruthers, Frederic Luvisutto and Bob DeSalvio. I want to remind you that we may make forward-looking statements under Safe Harbor federal securities laws and those statements may or may not come true. I will now turn the call over to Matt Maddox.
Matt Maddox: Thanks Craig and good afternoon everyone. Thank you for joining us. The quarter was pretty much in line with our expectations. And I think I'd just like to jump right in and talk about Macau. So in Macau, we generated $386 million of property EBITDA. And as we've discussed in previous quarters, VIP was down and the premium area continues to be choppy. However, what we saw was we saw real strength in our core mass. In fact, our core mass increased over 13% year-over-year, and what that shows is that our strategy is working. We built five new restaurants at Wynn Palace over the last 24 months. Our visitation continues to increase. And what's interesting in March of this year, Wynn Palace achieved its highest normalized EBITDA on record. And 78% of that EBITDA was from the mass business and non-gaming. If you look at Wynn Macau, Downtown, we're continuing to perform in line exactly with our expectations as we're renovating that property. The Encore Tower, which are probably the nicest rooms in all of Macau, the average side of the room there is 900 square feet is in a full renovation now. Not just soft goods renovation, but a full renovation. And that will be complete by the end of the year. We also looked at the success of our Encore casino in Macau, and those approximately 30 games are one of the most productive casino floor plans on the planet. And we thought what can we do to replicate that in half of our casino, our original casino what we call the West. And so we began a project about nine months ago that should wrap up at the end of this year, that will take our original casino that's right now chopped up with various junket rooms, and the energy has been suppressed. And it will turn it into what I think will be the nicest premium mass destination in downtown. With 7,000 new square feet of retail entering this area, two restaurants flanking the new casino and this should all be finished by the end of the year. So Wynn Macau's best days are ahead of it. 2020 should be a great year for Wynn Macau. In Las Vegas, everything was pretty much in line except for Baccarat. And I think it's no surprise that the people on this call Baccarat was down for us quite significantly just as it was for the market, so all of our competitors felt that Baccarat was definitely soft in the first quarter. What I've been impressed by is Marilyn coming in, and her team understanding that Baccarat is in a temporary decline and focused on the non-Baccarat casino business. And for the first time in a long time, our table drop, excluding Baccarat in the first quarter, actually increased 10% over the last year. And I give a lot of credit to Marilyn and her team and the new marketing people that she has brought on to focus on areas where we have not focused as carefully in the past, and I think it's an area of growth for us in the future. There's been a lot of discussion about new jurisdictions opening up in Asia and around the world. And it maybe Baccarat's best days or behind it in Las Vegas, or that Macau can continue to see some cannibalization. And what I would say to that is I totally disagree. We've experienced gaming expansion in the United States for decades, and we're experiencing at now in Asia. But what always happens is customers will go try out the new product. They'll go to a place where they are getting free money and big discounts, but that never lasts. Customers with money and choice always go to the place that they enjoy the most. And you cannot replicate Las Vegas or Macau anywhere else on the planet; the number of hotel rooms; the entertainment options; the infrastructure; the service levels, it can't be replicated. And so, our company and our growth profile are properly situated to bet on the future growth of the two best gaming jurisdictions in the world, Las Vegas and Macau. And I am a very firm believer that our product is positioned perfectly in both of those markets. In Massachusetts, we received a decision from the MGC regarding their investigation last week. Importantly, there was no impact on the suitability of the company, or its key employees to hold a gaming license in the state. And we are ready to move forward of the opening of Encore Boston Harbor. However, we are still reviewing the decision as it relates to some of the secondary and tertiary conditions imposed by the commission. We do not believe if we choose to appeal if that will impact our ability to open the project at the end of June. Though the regulatory processes comes into great deal of resources at both the company and with the regulators, we are focused on opening this property within weeks. And we feel very confident that it will be the nicest integrated resort on the east coast. So before I turn it over to Craig, I'd just like to remind everybody about why I am such a big believer in this company. We've been through a significant transition. And there has been some turmoil over the last 15 months but that is now behind us. And if you look at our future and you look at our company and our growth profile, I believe it's unparalleled in this business. In Macau, we have 1,300 rooms 700 plus in phase 1 plus the Crystal Pavilion that we've made significant progress on for Wynn Palace and that project is needed for Wynn Palace to continue to grow and we're really excited about it. We're about to open Encore Boston Harbor, which is a step change in our EBITDA in weeks. Here in Las Vegas, we have a new convention center opening, doubling the amount of convention square footage we have over the next six months, multiple new restaurants coming into the property and a fresh look at the way we think about our casino business. So our growth profile is quite strong and I am big believer and we are all big believers that Macau and Las Vegas best days are ahead of it. With that, I'm going to turn it over to Craig to get into some of the details.
Craig Billings: Thank you, Matt. I'll run through some additional point on the quarter. As noted in our release, our Macau operations delivered $386.5 million of adjusted property EBITDA on $1.25 billion of operating revenues. As Matt noted, the quarter was characterized by continued choppiness in VIP and premium mass, offset by meaningful growth in main floor core mass with combined property win in that core mass segment, up 13.1% year-over-year. March was particularly strong with Palace experiencing its best month ever in mass drop, mass win and EBITDA. Our results in Macau were positively impacted by VIP hold, increasing EBITDA at Wynn Palace by approximately $25 million from a normalized level. Bad debt expense in Macau was $1.8 million in the quarter compared to $300,000 in the prior year. Our Las Vegas operations delivered $108.3 million of adjusted property EBITDA in the quarter on net revenues of $401 million with year-over-year growth in non-Baccarat table drop and spot volumes. As discussed on our fourth quarter 2018 call, a large group shift from Q1 to Q2 this year negatively impacted RevPAR growth and food and beverage revenues in the quarter. We expect offsetting outperformance in RevPAR in the second quarter. Consistent with the broader Las Vegas market and our commentary on the fourth quarter call, Baccarat volumes declined year-over-year and such declines were the primary driver of the year-over-year EBITDA increase. The property held high, adding a little over $5 million to EBITDA. Bad debt expense in Las Vegas was $3.6 million compared to 400,000 in the prior year quarter. Compared to the prior year quarter, EBITDA margin in Las Vegas was negatively impacted by the swing in bad debt and operating deleverage from baccarat. We spent $48.8 million in CapEx on the additional group space at Wynn Las Vegas, taking our spend to-date to $181.5 million. In Boston, we incurred $233.4 million in total project costs during the quarter, taking the total spend to-date to $2.26 billion. We ended the quarter with total debt of $9.2 billion, and total cash and investments of $1.8 billion, including approximately $900 million at Wynn Macau. During the first quarter, we returned approximately $81 million to shareholders through our quarterly dividend payment. And today, we're pleased to announce $0.25 or 33% increase to that recurring quarterly dividend. Our recurring dividend is now one dollar per share, returning over $100 million per quarter to our shareholders. Consistent with our sharp focus on capital allocation, we will continually evaluate periodic increases to our dividend, as well as opportunistic share repurchases as valuation and broader capital allocation priorities warrant. With that, operator, we will now open up the call to Q&A.
Operator: Thank you [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Carlo Santarelli with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Carlo Santarelli: Matt or Craig, if we can go back and discuss Macau, as you guys talked about, specifically at Palace. You really saw a nice boost in base mass. And obviously some of the changes that you are making at Peninsula should certainly further that effort. If we think about the Macau market in a flattish environment for say 2019, and guys think about your positioning obviously given the impact of your positioning in mass in VIP and premium mass, you would expect some share a loss there. Do you believe with some of the growth you are seeing in mass and some of the pivoting that you could that you would be able to offset some of the share losses from both a margin and EBITDA perspective over the course for the year?
Matt Maddox: When we are looking, it's always hard to predict exactly what's going to happen in Macau. But we do believe with our product that we will be able to stay within that market share range of -- it's a lower end of it, of 15% to 17%. As you know, our competition has been ramping-up. MGM just opened The Mansion, which is quite nice product, Morpheus is ramping up. So Cotai is a really competitive place. But we feel like Wynn Palace is perfectly positioned to continue to maintain its share, and Wynn Macau is really about 2020.
Carlo Santarelli: And then if I could just one follow-up as it pertains to some of the tariffs news that's out there, et cetera. Are you guys hearing anything I guess more specifically from some of your higher end players that the impact some of the ambiguity around that is having right now?
Matt Maddox: I think anytime there is uncertainty in the world, all of us feel a little bit nervous, whether it's you sitting in your office at Deutsche Bank, me in Las Vegas, or someone in Shanghai. That's just a natural human reaction. I can't say that there is clear data pointing to slowdown and we're looking forward to moving forward.
Operator: Our next question comes from Joe Greff with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Joe Greff: I have two questions. One is on Las Vegas on the Baccarat segment. To what extent is the softer demand recently experienced, a function of things that aren't related to the macro, or say shifting geographies that you referred to Matt, but rather maybe other structural things, whether its capital outflows or other? And then my second questions relates to M&A. I mean, I think maybe most of us or probably some, to some degree surprised about the Crown news. So my question isnt necessarily about Crown, but just about M&A in general. What are the criteria and the goal posts that you have when evaluating M&A opportunities and what are the things that fit, what are the things that you look for financially and strategically?
Matt Maddox: So on the Baccarat side, in Las Vegas and I'll also let Marilyn jump in here. But I dont really think we are seeing any long-term sustainable trends I think we are experiencing exactly what you understand. And we definitely think the second quarter is going to be little better than the first quarter based on what we're seeing right now. So, I dont want to be predicting Baccarat volumes. But Las Vegas over the long-term is a global destination for those customers from around Asia, and I feel very comfortable with that. Marilyn, what do you think?
Marilyn Spiegel: There's really no structural change here that would impact these players. So it's all the global headwinds. And I think that hopefully that these players will be back if that's what the past has been.
Matt Maddox: On the M&A front, so Joe as I laid out in my opening remarks, our growth pipeline is quite robust. And the large capital spend is now behind us after a multiyear capital development program as we're about to open Encore Boston Harbor and really become -- really start generating lots of free cash flow, which is one of the reasons that we raised our dividend by 33% this year. When it comes to M&A, we will always be looking for opportunities for assets that are tier 1 first class assets with licenses that are protected in cities that are global destinations. So while we are not pursuing any acquisitions at this stage, we will along with all of our competitors, I'm sure, be looking at opportunities that you can't replicate through development. We are a development company at heart. We're focused on new projects. But we will continually look to enhance shareholder value without increasing our leverage profile and without hurting our free cash flow story.
Operator: Our next question comes from Felicia Hendrix with Barclays. Your line is open.
Felicia Hendrix: Matt, just coming back the layers a little bit more on the market share issue, and youve said this a lot on your past calls you want to stay in the 15% to 17% range but if you could just help me with the math for a second. If we use the DCIJ data, which I realized is still flawed. It looks like mass share in the quarter did decline sequentially. And I'm just trying to reconcile that with your commentary that you saw strength in the core. So is that basically just because you did lose more premium, but you're gaining core but it just didn't offset it. Is that all that you would read into that?
Matt Maddox: That's exactly right. So premium, we definitely lost some share in premium mass and the premium mass business around town was down. Core mass, which is we define it by geography and by average bet, core mass is up over 13% but that was not enough for us to keep up our share in the market. I think our -- Wynn was up roughly 3% sequentially, and that was that that was less than the market. And that's because we're more reliant on the premium segment. But our strategy is working and it shows that Wynn Palace and Wynn Macau can really compete in any markets. And Felicia, you've been watching this for a long time. People get really focused on core mass, because that business is always there. Premium and VIP get compressed temporarily, and then the growth happens. So I don't know how long that that area is going to be compressed, but what I do know is the demand is still there. And so we feel very comfortable that when that business begins to come back, we're going to be perfectly situated to capture it.
Felicia Hendrix: And then when you were talking earlier answering Carlo's question, and you said, we'll stay in the 15% to 17% range, we're now perhaps at the lower end. Is that also indicative of what you're seeing in early May?
Craig Billings: I would that the trends that occurred in Q1 market wide really have continued into Q2 through May. It's a very core mass serving growth market. And we dont -- we skew towards the premium end that's truly math as well. So to the extent that there is outsized growth in core mass, we will benefit from that, partially but clearly not as much as the market, because there are others in the market who directly cater to that segment.
Felicia Hendrix: And Matt just a clarification, at the beginning of your comments, you eluded to gaming competition globally and some perhaps that you are experiencing in Macau. And while that's not a new comment in general, I dont believe I've heard you say that on a call like this or I've heard Wynn, in general, talk about this. So how would we interpret the comment relative to your performance in the quarter?
Matt Maddox: Well, I dont think you should look into the performance in the quarter at all. I've just noticed some of our competitors another people tend to be commenting a lot on these emerging markets, in particular in Asia and that they could have an impact on the large global gaming jurisdictions. And I just don't believe that Macau and Las Vega are going to be cannibalized by those small tertiary jurisdictions that are emerging. In the short-term, they could. We're not seeing that right now. But over the longer term, people always go back to the places that they enjoy the most. And so I wasnt addressing that relative to this quarter, I was just addressing it relative to what we're seeing in the market and what we believe will be the long-term success of Macau and Las Vegas.
Operator: And next we have Shaun Kelley with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Shaun Kelley: Maybe just to stick with Macau and the core trends there, could just -- I think you could talked about the share shift as it might relate to other markets. But Matt, I think you also called out just that some of the competition is moving around. Do you think we were in a fairly normalized environment as it relates to that competition in Q1? Meaning is there more this year as we move forward. Or do you think this is the right environment now and we're pretty comfortable with how your product is situated with what you're seeing in the market at this moment?
Matt Maddox: Shaun, I definitely think we're in the normalized environment right now. There are no large scale gaming jurisdictions coming on in the next few years. Some junket operators may move business around, but that's always temporary and it will come back to the places where the customers want to go. Ian, do you have any thoughts on that?
Ian Coughlan : We go through this after 12 years in Macau, we get these periods of sporadic volatility, VIP Wynn's, for a variety of reasons. And then it ticks back up. People always gravitate to quality. We're always there to pick it up when it comes back. So we stayed in the junket game when other people backed out. We made hay while the sunshine. Now, there's pressure on commissions and incentives. We're going to remain true to what we've always done, and people will come back. In the meantime, we grow premium mass and general mass.
Shaun Kelley: And then same scene, but moving back to the Peninsula, you obviously are undergoing a meaningful renovation there. Could you just walk us through the cadence of how you expect that to progress throughout the balance of the year? Was there a meaningful disruption in Q1? And is there a number or anything worth calling out there and then how should we think about that. If there was or was not, how should we think about that continuing throughout the balance of the year?
Matt Maddox: So I'll jump in and then I'll turn it over to Ian. I dont think that there is any number we should be calling out, because what we had before the construction was a sleepy casino that actually wasnt generating a lot of business. So, this is more of growth CapEx that we're putting to work. We definitely have rooms out of order in the Encore Tower, which have been impactful on our business. But, I think it's hard to quantify right now. And 2020 is really the year to judge Wynn Macau and its earning ability. Ian, what are your thoughts on this?
Ian Coughlan: There hasn't been significant noise disruption that was all dealt with in the early stages. We have anywhere from 80 to a 100 rooms out at any given time in Encore, and we're getting them back progressively. And there is the hoarding wall effect when you wall up areas to do work, that does affect the energy of the space. It has affected retail a little bit as we brought in new brands. But in general terms, there's not a number to put to it and it's not significant. And we're looking forward to getting it complete at the end of the year.
Operator: The next question comes from Thomas Allen with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open. 
Thomas Allen: Hey. Good afternoon. So, in your prepared remarks, you talked about how you're taking a fresh look at how you're thinking about the casino business in Vegas. Can you guys just talk and Marilyn maybe talk about some of the changes you made since coming back? Thank you.
Marilyn Spiegel: So, the key has really been to take a look at our casino block and to grow that and to invite the folks who come to town, who didn't use to stay with us to experience the hotel and our food and beverage offerings, and it's been well received. So, we've seen very nice growth in the casino block as it relates to the past.
Thomas Allen: And then, I think you removed the parking fees, can you just talk a little bit about that decision.
Marilyn Spiegel: When you think about the parking fees, although if you came here and you spent $50, you had a validation, it was frankly an irritant to those folks who would drive into the parking garage and frankly most people who come here do spend more than $50, but why upset them. And so, we did that. It also helps us with our high end local customers. It's been so well received, we're very pleased that we've moved forward on it.
Thomas Allen: Helpful. And then, just quickly on Boston, I mean, we're a month and a half out, how are things progressing in terms of getting in the staffing in line and then infrastructure around the property? Thank you.
Matt Maddox: The construction is almost essentially complete. The building looks like it is in great shape. Staffing, we have 90% of the people either onboard or within offer. So, we are in line to -- and on time to complete almost everything we need to have a great opening. I don't know if the opening date will be June 23rd or a week or two later because we're going to make sure that it's flawless. And clearly, the regulatory complexity we've been through has been a challenge. And so, we are now doubling back. And the team we have on the ground there is terrific. We are ready to open. We may give our self another week, we may not, but the property looks great.
Thomas Allen: Looking forward to seeing it. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Harry Curtis with Instinet. Your line is open.
Harry Curtis: Hi and good afternoon. While we're on the topic of Boston, now's probably a good time to begin to set expectations for the ramp in Boston, particularly margins, given that most Wynn properties when they open, tend to run kind of rich in high service levels and labor. So, if you could take the opportunity to set some expectations on that front?
Craig Billings: Yes. I think it's a fair assessment to say that not only do our properties tend to run very high service levels early on and account for some given level of attrition but regional properties, as you know, tend to ramp much more slowly from a marketing perspective. So, we havent given any specific numbers or any specific margin expectations yet. But certainly, we would expect that property to ramp up over the course of 19 and all the way through 20.
Harry Curtis: Very good. And second question is, just going back to the Crystal Pavilion, what details can you share about timing, cost and features that you are excited about?
Matt Maddox: So, were working on that now, Harry. We are going to have a reveal of the Crystal Pavilion in a pretty public way. I'm not sure if it will be through an Analyst Day or something else down the road. We're finalizing a lot of the different features I think that you are going to find them very interesting. It will be in the next couple of months that well be laying out this program.
Harry Curtis: Okay. And then, my last question, just really going back to your commentary about some customers in Macau, just trying some of these smaller, newer agent casinos. To what degree do you think some of those customers are just gravitating there because the regulatory environment in Macau has just gotten a lot tighter?
Matt Maddox: I dont think that's the case at all. And I think when new -- people will say that because they are marketing their properties in these jurisdictions. But the fact is, often times in places open, they offer bigger commissions, more liquidity, larger credit lines, and that's typically very temporary.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Stephen Grambling with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Stephen Grambling: With the Boston property essentially complete can in terms of the investment, can you just remind us how you think through CapEx, not only for that property but more broadly? And as cash flow inflects, how you stack your properties across debt versus redeploying cash back to shareholders versus growth investments?
Craig Billings: Sure, Stephen. Well, subsequent to the opening of Boston, we will have some trailing CapEx, right, as we pay up the remaining construction cost; those get accrued and then obviously paid throughout the remainder of 19. And then, we are working on the additional group and convention space out back in Las Vegas as well, that opens in early 2020. So, really, 2020 is the inflection point that you talk about. Its rapidly approaching, as you note, and capital return is absolutely top of mind for us. The recurring dividend is really the cornerstone of our capital return policy. And I think you saw we raised that 33% today really as an indicator of our belief in our business and our belief in that cash flow inflection point. As we grow and generate additional free cash flow, well carefully prioritize that between immediately available growth opportunities, most notably the Crystal Pavilion, capital return and then the maintenance of some dry powder for future opportunities, whether Japan or otherwise. And then, of course with respect to share repurchases, we will always be opportunistic with share repurchases but that's really valuation dependent on the stock.
Operator: Next question comes from Anil Daswani with Citigroup. Your line is open.
Anil Daswani: Thanks for taking my question. The first question is with regards to this base mass business and the strength that we're seeing in the base mass business. How much is that eating into your room inventory at the different properties in terms of the comp ratio at both Palace and Macau is my first question?
Matt Maddox: Ian, do you want to take that? I mean, not -- we haven't lowered our threshold for ADT in order to get a comped room in Macau. So, I'm not sure what eating into means exactly, you still have to qualify in a certain way. Clearly we're not having as many junket rooms. So, our problem, Anil, as you know, is we don't have enough rooms, and we need more rooms at Wynn Palace. And that's really -- at the weekends, we're out of space. And so, more mass customers are getting rooms just as a direct reflection of direct and VIP being down. Ian, do you have any thoughts?
Ian Coughlan: So, that's correct. We've been able to gainfully shift rooms from the junket allocations, this business is weighing over to our mass segment. And ADTs on the way up, we're putting better customers in those rooms. So, the comp level ratios are similar to what they've been in the past, around 80% for Wynn Palace and 94% for Wynn Macau.
Anil Daswani: And my final question is, could you give us any update Matt on the progress in Osaka and in Japan? I mean, are you guys still as committed to that as you have been in the past?
Matt Maddox: We are. We will actually be making a trip there next week. And so, we have a team on the ground. We have a team here in the United States that's focused on Japan. We're building quietly our relationships with potential partners over there. And we're focused on various jurisdictions in Japan. So, we're looking at this over the long term. And we will be continuing to monitor the situation and participate where we see fit.
Anil Daswani: Thanks for taking my questions.
Matt Maddox: Thanks Anil.
Operator: And our last question comes from David Katz with Jefferies. Your line is open.
David Katz: Hi. Good afternoon, everyone. I wanted to just go back to the M&A boundaries a little bit. And I heard what you said about leverage levels and accretion. But, can you help us think about any other sort of strategic aspects of attributes that may be compelling to whether that's in different segments of the market, right, where there more value-driven customers might help you branch out? A little more meat on those bones would be really helpful.
Matt Maddox: I hate to lay out our strategy for everybody, David. But, I'll tell you what we're not going to do. We're not going to go into the value business. We are high-end operators, we're quality operators and we will be looking at quality assets around the world. We're not regional gaming operators. So, that's not an area where we're going to be branching out in a significant way, given there will likely be lots of regional gaming properties for sale. So, we're focused on where the growth is happening globally. We believe that Asia will continue to grow faster than the West. And if there are opportunities in those areas where we believe it fits with our profile and it will be accretive and it will be able to capture long-term growth for our Company and our shareholders, we will take a look at it. But we do not have anything right now that we're focused on.
Operator: I'd now like to turn it back over to our host for final closing thoughts.
Matt Maddox: Well, thank you everyone for joining us today. And we look forward to talking to you next quarter. Thank you, operator.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q4  (2019-01-30 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Wynn Resorts Fourth Quarter 2018 Earnings Call. All participants are on listen-only until the question-and-answer session of today's conference. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. I will now turn the line over to Craig Billings, Chief Financial Officer. Sir you may begin.
Craig Billings: Thank you, operator, and good afternoon everyone. With me today in Las Vegas are Matt Maddox; Marilyn Spiegel; and Ian Coughlan. Also on the line are Ciaran Carruthers, Frederic Luvisutto and Bob DeSalvio. I want to remind you that we may make forward-looking statements under Safe Harbor federal securities laws and those statements may or may not come true. I will now turn the call over to Matt Maddox.
Matt Maddox: Thanks, Craig, and thank you, everyone for joining us today on this conference call. Before we just dive right into the fourth quarter numbers, Id like to make a few opening remarks. 2018 was a year of transition for our company and that transition is now over. We have a fully reconstituted board with Phil Satre as the Chair, working very well with management. In North America, we've hired a number of key people. We hired a new Chief Marketing Officer that started about two months ago. We've hire a new Head of Human Resources for all of North America. And within the last 30 days, we've hired Marilyn Spiegel, who is sitting beside me today as the new President of Wynn Las Vegas. I'd like to welcome Marilyn back because she did work with us for three years in this role, almost 10 years ago and I'm really excited to work with her. 
Marilyn Spiegel: Thanks, Matt.
Matt Maddox: So now that we have our board in place, our team in place in North America and we're continuing to grow our team in Boston and what I believe to be the best team in Macau, running Wynn Macau and Wynn Palace in place we're ready to execute our strategy and our strategy is growth. I believe that we have the best and most robust growth pipeline in our industry. As an example, five months from now, we're going to be opening the very first large-scale integrated resort in a Tier 1 city, Encore Boston Harbor. The Boston metroplex, it's 20 million tourists a year, two million of those are international, and we have a $2.6 billion property that we're going to be opening right in the heart of the Boston metroplex and we'll be all alone. We're really excited about that opportunity. It provides a step change in EBITDA for our company and that's in five months. Looking here in Las Vegas. Las Vegas is now a marketer's market. You can see by the overall growth rate here on the Strip that it's pretty much in line with the economy. And so we know that we have to take share. And right now in Las Vegas, we have a 400,000 square-foot convention facility, state-of-the-art under construction. It's going to open in 13 months. We know that that's going to add four to six points of additional occupancy at a strong rate to our property in 2020, and everybody on this call knows when you get additional occupancy with a strong rate that's straight flow through. We've also redesigned with Tom Bosio, our golf course and it will be opening around the same time. And not only does that golf course make money on its own, but we've underestimated the impact that it has on our domestic casino business, allowing our host and our team to run special events, to run programs that will continue to enhance our casino play. We have three new restaurant concepts underway here in Las Vegas that we're going to be rolling out in 2019 because our customers expect us to continue to innovate and that's what we're doing. So I feel very good about the position -- the long-term position of our property and the ways that we're investing here in Las Vegas. Turning to Macau, if you look at our downtown property Wynn Macau which has always been an outlier in terms of its performance relative to its size, we realized in the early 2018 in the first and second quarter that Wynn Macau is doing very well, but it was making a disproportionate share of its money from second-tier junket operators. And that's not a place where we wanted to invest for the long term. We've been to that movie, we know how it ends, that is too volatile. So we began redesigning Wynn Macau the entire original casino and also remodeling some of the nicest suites in Macau, the Encore Tower Suites. And we started that construction in July. And in the fourth quarter of this year we'll be re-launching an entirely new premium mass casino experience that's open to the water, three new restaurants, 10,000 square feet of additional retail and a new hotel tower that wasn't just a soft refurb of the Encore tower, but it's completely redone like it's new property. We'll be effectively launching a new property at the end of this year for Wynn Macau, this focus squarely on the business that we believe in for the long term and that's the Premium Mass segment. Moving to Wynn Palace. Wynn Palace continues to position itself as the premier property at Cotai. Ian and Linda and the team have been opening a new food and beverage outlet almost every quarter in the last four quarters and he has another one coming up in the next six weeks. Id like him to talk about which is really exciting.  And so, what we see at Wynn Palace is as it continues to get into its rhythm, it's the place where the premium players like to stay and like to play. Now what we know is, we don't have enough hotel rooms. Its 1,700 hotel rooms. So we are actively designing what I think will be the top tourist destination in Macau with the Crystal Pavilion something that I've spoken about a couple of times on these calls along with a phase I hotel tower of 670 rooms and a phase two hotel tower that's roughly the same size. So our growth pipeline is quite impressive. If we just take a look at where we are right now and where we are going to be in the next 12, 24 and 36 months. Turning to the fourth quarter results. In Macau we generated $394 million of EBITDA. It was above our range that we gave in the third quarter. I would like to point out that we've spent the vast majority of October and November inside the range that we provided in the third quarter. And the inherent volatility of Macau makes predicting the market revenues, given everything that's going on with the head -- the global headwinds, potentially slowing global growth things that companies now all over the world are talking about not just us, does it make it more difficult. As an example Wynn Palace in October and November revenues were down slightly to fourth quarter 2014 October and November. But in December, they increased 50%. On the VIP side, that was mainly hold, but on the mass side, it was up 40% in mass play in December. Clearly, that's not a number that we would extrapolate. It's not something that we would say is a trend, but what it shows is the inherent volatility in Macau exist. There are peaks and there are valleys. But the way that we positioned our properties, we will be there to capture the premium customers when they come to town. Looking at Las Vegas. We made about $105 million of EBITDA this quarter. In the third quarter, we had a setback in our baccarat volumes. We had lost some market share, but we recovered. We made a few changes in the marketing and the way that we're looking at the business. We recovered in the fourth quarter and I feel good about Las Vegas considering everything that we have going on here that I mentioned earlier in the call with the convention center, the Gulf course, the restaurants, Maryland stewardship driving this property every day. I think that the Las Vegas best days are yet to come. And with that, I'm going to turn over to Craig for a little more detail on the quarter.
Craig Billings: Thanks, Matt. As noted in our release, our Macau operations delivered $394.1 million of adjusted property EBITDA on $1.294 billion of operating revenues. After experiencing a normalized average of $3.6 million a day from October 8, the day after Golden week through November 30, results improved in December on the back of increased VIP turnover in Wynn Macau and higher mass win at Wynn Palace. Overall, for the quarter, combined property mass table win was a particular standout increasing almost 14% year-over-year. Comparable to Q3 over 70% of our departmental EBITDA in the quarter was generated in mass tables slots and non-gaming. Our results in Macau were positively impacted by VIP holds, increasing EBITDA from our Macau operations by almost $15 million from a normalized level. Bad debt expense in Macau was $3 million in the quarter compared to a $1 million credit in the prior year quarter. Our Las Vegas operations delivered $105.2 million of adjusted property EBITDA in the quarter on net revenues of $393.6 million driven by growth in table drops, slot volumes and RevPAR. Table volumes were strong, but hold was low negatively impacting EBITDA by about $5 million. RevPAR in the quarter was also strong bolstered by a healthy group calendar and more high ADR casino room nights. RevPAR was also aided by relatively easy comps given the tragic events of October 2017. Bad debt expense in Las Vegas was $1 million compared to a $1.1 million credit in the prior year quarter. Compared to the prior year quarter, EBITDA margin in Las Vegas was negatively impacted by low hold and the year-over-year swing in bad debt. We spent $52.4 million in CapEx on the additional group space at Wynn Las Vegas taking our spend to date to $124.3 million. In Boston, we incurred $197.3 million in total project cost during the quarter taking the total spend to date to $2 billion. The property remains on track to open in June of 2019 as Matt mentioned. We ended the quarter with total debt of $9.4 billion in total cash and investments of $2.2 billion including $1.2 billion in Wynn Macau. In December, we completed the amendment an extension of our Macau credit facility, both reducing amortization payments and extending the maturity of the facility. During the quarter, we returned approximately $237 million to shareholders through the payment of our recurring quarterly dividend and the repurchase of $156.7 million of stock. We repurchased just under 1.5 million shares at an average price of just under $106 per share and our quarterly dividend for the final quarter of 2018 is $0.75 per share, returning over $80 million to shareholders. Consistent with our sharp focus on capital returns, we will consider adjustments to our dividend in due course. With that, we'll now move to Q&A. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Carlo Santarelli with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Carlo Santarelli: Great, thank you. Hey, Matt, you talked a little bit about, obviously, the volatility within the fourth quarter that you experienced and the $3.3 million to $3.7 million per day range in Macau that you'd referenced on the 3Q call. In light of the quarter and the overall I would say challenging Mainland China macro backdrop along with some of the company-specific constituents not necessarily providing rosy outlook for their China-based business, how does all this stuff aggregate for you guys in your outlook around the market moving forward?
Matt Maddox: So we remain watching the situation with caution, but I think as all companies around the world are doing global growth is uncertain and where the trade wars end up is also uncertain. We continue to experience peaks and valleys in Macau, but as you can see from this quarter, we being at the premium end of the market, we can control what we can control. We can't control the certitudes of the market. And so I feel really good about where Wynn Palace and Wynn Macau are positioned in the market, but we are still waiting to see I think like the rest of the world, what the market and how the growth will play out globally.
Carlo Santarelli: Great, thank you. And then Craig maybe this one's best for you if I could follow-up. Obviously, you talked a little bit about the buyback and clearly seeing equity levels as being attractive. Could you just talk little bit about the guardrails going forward in terms of what you're able to do from the buyback perspective given some of the ownership thresholds et cetera, as well as kind of how you're thinking about capital returns in the future between dividends and buybacks?
Craig Billings: Sure. Thanks, Carlo. We reached an important inflection point with the opening of Boston from a free cash flow perspective. We're excited about that. It gives us a lot of opportunity to think about how we might return capital to shareholders. We've historically stated that we preferred dividends and the recurring valuation impact that we get from recurring dividends. But as you see in the quarter we're not afraid to return capital to shareholders in other ways. It really is dependent -- stock price dependent. We are -- we try to be opportunistic with respect to our buybacks. Again I think you saw that in the fourth quarter and so we'll watch out the equity trades and how the equity is valued over the course of the coming few quarters.
Carlo Santarelli: Thats very helpful. Thank you both.
Operator: Our next question comes from Joe Greff with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Joe Greff: Good afternoon, guys. Congratulations on the results. Two questions that pertain to Macau. First with the respect to Matt when you talked about Wynn Macau and some of the redesign, and reinvestment at that property and some of the stuff coming online in 4Q. The disruption that you may be experiencing now, do you think that accelerates from here? And then maybe this is also -- Ian can chime in here in terms of the business that might be not able to be contained at Wynn Macau for disruption? Are you able to more easily ship that to Wynn Palace? And then I have a follow up? 
Matt Maddox: I'll start that Joe then I'll turn it over to Ian. I think that we, in the fourth quarter you could feel at Wynn Macau some of that disruption and I think that those volume levels, again all market dependent are in this range and sort of what we're expecting until we can re-launch the property at the end of the year. So I do know Ian if you want to follow up on that. 
Ian Coughlan: As we look at the construction program it's essentially over 12 months. We've already gone through three months of it. We do manage with a great team at Wynn Macau to contain the impact and any business damage, but there's clearly disruption and it will increase over the next six months. Areas will be inaccessible. There will be a reduction in certain table play. It does affect customer base. So, but we are hopeful that we can minimize the impact and run along from our fourth quarter and keep going until the fourth quarter of this year. 
Matt Maddox: And just as you see the first two quarters of 2018 were quite strong for Wynn Macau and a lot of that was bolstered by mid-tier junkets which has really been the segment in Macau that has declined by far the most. So
Q Joe Greff: Great. And then also Matt can you just talk about sort of the length of collections from junkets and direct players. And I know your bad debt expense went up marginally, but can you just talk about what you're seeing on that front? That's all for me. 
Matt Maddox: Sure. So we talk about this a lot to try to decide if there's a trend that we're noticing. I was in Macau two weeks ago and met with Head of Suncity, Alvin, in particular to talk about what he think and collections are not an issue right now. Liquidity doesn't appear to be an issue. It's really more caution. So this is not the scenario that we saw in 2014 and 2015. That's not the case at all. We're not having any of our junket operations come to us and ask us for additional advance which is -- that's usually a clear indication of a credit bubble. 
Q  Joe Greff: So the caution is coming from the player not from the junket? 
Matt Maddox: Yes from both. I think everyone's learned a valuable lesson, in particular, the really large players that had a multibillion-dollar business. And so again the mid-tier junkets are the ones that we've seen decline, but the three major junket operators still appeared to be healthy. 
Ian Coughlan: There's also much tighter regulation off the junket market and the DIC and DICJ and the governments have done an excellent job in bringing very professional levels of management to the junkets. The exposure we had a number of years ago has dissipated. 
Q  Joe Greff: Thank you for the comments.
Operator: Our next call comes from Felicia Hendrix with Barclays. Your line is open.
Felicia Hendrix: Hi, good afternoon. Thanks. So Ian we'll keep you on the hot seat here just on share in Macau. I know you fluctuate between 15% and 17% and that's right where you are at the lower end. You may be some of that just because of what's going on at Wynn Macau, but down sequentially and year-over-year. So, wondering if some of that is indeed attributable to Wynn Macau? Is that maybe a function of some of the new folks who have come in or maybe you could just talk about that and help us also understand kind of where it's coming from again Palace or The Peninsula VIP mass, so if you walk us through that, that would be great.
Ian Coughlan: I think the share drop you're looking at is very Wynn Macau focused and it's linked to what we've referred in the previous call about this arrival of eight new junket rooms in the city and a shrinkage in mid-tier junkets generally and that has affected Wynn Macau. Wynn Palace continues to do very well on the share basis and Mass Market in both properties is doing very well. It's really just junkets VIP at Wynn Macau.
Felicia Hendrix: Great. And then have you seen any change across-the-board and perhaps at your properties in terms of commission levels?
Ian Coughlan: No.
Felicia Hendrix: Okay. And then just switching gears to Las Vegas, Marilyn, it's nice to hear your voice again. Welcome back.
Marilyn Spiegel: Thank you.
Felicia Hendrix: I was wondering if you could just kind of address this two-parter. One is the RevPAR in the fourth quarter, which was up 13% I think is a lot higher than anyone expected. And I know there was an easy comp and the bigger portion of that was really driven by occupancy, but I was just wondering if there was anything extraordinary in the quarter that might have been driving that result, because there seems to be a bit of narrative out there that high-end operators like yourselves could be having difficulty raising rates from where they are now. And then I was also hoping you could address perhaps coming back and being new in looking at the property with fresh eyes some of the ideas you might have about Wynn Las Vegas?
Marilyn Spiegel: Absolutely. I was delighted to see the fourth quarter RevPAR. The convention business was great and came in superstrong. And so that's really what you're seeing in the fourth quarter. For the first quarter and the rest of our year here, it's solid, but we had an outstanding fourth quarter. Coming back to the property, as you know I was here and then I had a prior competed against this property. There is no better set of assets. There is no strong growth, employee team, management team in all of gaming. And so, I'm delighted to lead this team. I think we have operating opportunities really with all of our assets. And specifically in casino, we can drive more from our casino block, get more off of our floor. So that's where I'll be focus going forward.
Felicia Hendrix: Great. And then just to touch upon the question I had on rates and the narrative out there that there might be a feeling of where the higher levels are?
Craig Billings: Yes. Hey Felicia, it's Craig. I'll take that. We've heard that as well. We continue to be comfortable overall with 2019 in rate across the different categories. There may be shifts between quarters. As an example, we have a large group that's moving from Q1 to Q2 and so you could see RevPAR fluctuations between those two quarters. But overall, we feel fine about 2019. The Q4 results which as Marilyn mentioned was underpinned by very strong group was also positively impacted by high casino room nights, high ADR room nights in the casino which as you know are generally comp rooms. So overall, we feel fine. I wouldn't extrapolate the numbers that we turned in Q4, but we're sanguine.
Felicia Hendrix: Great. Thank you so much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Shaun Kelley with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Shaun Kelley: Great. Thanks. Just two fairly short ones. So the first one was just on Macau to follow-up. So to build of the market share dynamic, Matt, you sort of outlined a pretty extensive program of what you're up to at Wynn Macau and The Peninsula. Is that going to be enough do you think to re-grow market share? Is this just what you needed to do to defend where you're at right now just given like you said some of the shift in the mid-tier junkets and what's happening in the market overall?
Matt Maddox: Yeah. Look, I think, we're going to defend our position on The Peninsula as the premium property. And knowing that the mid-tier junket business is not reliable, we're actually gravitating the business model away from that. And two, over the long-term the premium mass model, which Wynn Macau there's a very well and I think the -- our Encore casino is probably highest grossing mass tables in all of Macau or Cotai. And so what we want to do is replicate that experience and not rely on mid-tier junket operators. So, really repositioning that property for the future.
Shaun Kelley: And as you do that, would it be fair to think that look revenue market share might be one thing on the VIP side, but obviously this could have an impact or a material impact on EBITDA and mix as it relates to profitability? Is that part of the trade here?
Matt Maddox: Well, clearly premium mass business is more profitable than mid-tier junket business. So we're not just focus -- we don't generally focus on monthly gaming market share given what happens between VIP slots and mass. We're focused on where do we position ourselves in the Greater Bay region and area with 60 million people, a GDP of over $3 trillion a new bridge that's connected Macau to one of the busiest and nicest airports in the world. How do we position ourselves for the future, and how we do that as we focus on their premium customer, it's making the decisions about where they want to go and where they want to stay. And that's what we're doing at Wynn Macau.
Shaun Kelley: Great, got it. And then last question would just be on Boston. I think everything there whether it's budget or time line for opening all seems to remain in the commentary very I think steady as she goes. Just from a high level and I appreciate there are some things that aren't wrapped there as it relates to the final procedures, but is there anything that can really derail this from an opening standpoint or is this -- as far as your concern we as we get into higher end phases and training everything is working towards the ultimate goal here and that's kind of hard to change that date.
Matt Maddox: Well, we are clearly internally working towards opening June 23rd. We did I'm sure you saw the press settled here in the state of Nevada on the regulatory issues. Everything except the fine. There is no limit on our licenses. There are no current employees under review, and we're really looking forward to working with the Massachusetts regulators and the gaming commission to get through the process there. I want to commend the regulators for the extensive and thorough work that they've done in Massachusetts. They've taken this extremely seriously and I think that they've done a very good job and we're now just looking forward to a hearing being sent and for us to present our case.
Shaun Kelley: Great. Thank you very much.
Matt Maddox: Operator, do we have any more questions? Operator: Yes. This question comes from Thomas Allen with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Thomas Allen: A few questions on Macau. First, just on the bridge and the smoking ban. How do you think those are affecting the market and your shares specifically? Thanks
Ian Coughlan: Thomas, this is Ian. On the bridge it's only been open a few months, but there's already a distinct benefit for premium mass and VIP players. I'll just give you my own personal example. I was flying out to Vegas yesterday. I took a car from Wynn Palace and I was checking in with Cathay Pacific in an hour and two minutes from leaving Wynn Palace. That's remarkable. It's a huge boon for people that want to arrive in Hong Kong Airport. Hong Kong Airport has 3.5 times the number of daily flights from the PRC than Macau Airport does. So it opens that up for us and also just international travel in general. Long term that's a significant archery linked to what Matt was discussing about the Greater Bay area. So we feel it's a huge relevant piece of infrastructure that's going to benefit the city over the coming years. On the smoking ban, it's still early days but we're delighted because it levels the playing field. We've been at a disadvantage particularly in Cotai with these grandfathered in mass area tables that had smoking allowed. Now everybody is operating from the same template and we believe it's a big advantage for us in Cotai in particular. Too really early to judge if it's affected a speed of play etcetera, but right now we're happy to have the ban in place and everybody operating at the same rules. 
Thomas Allen: Very helpful and then just one follow-up, Ian. But to Wynn noted that your slot revenue was really strong at both properties this past quarter and I know you've thought a huge part of your revenue and it just stood out to us anything driving that? 
Ian Coughlan: So our slot business again being at the premium end of the market is very swayed by big players and the movement of big players is unpredictable just as Wynn Palace generated 50% more in revenue in December. A lot of that was due to the arrival of some big players that weren't expected, similarly in slots it gets affected like that. So it's really linked to more volume. 
Thomas Allen: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Harry Curtis with Instinet. Your line is open.
Harry Curtis: Hello and good afternoon. So either Matt or Craig, versus the third quarter, the thoughts that you gave on forward EBITDA per day. What are you thinking today? Is there any change to that? Do you modify it? What...
Matt Maddox: Well, I think we don't want to be predicting what we're going to be doing in the first quarter. And in particular because in Macau as I said, it's inherently volatile and there are peaks and valleys. And so Chinese New Year is coming up and that I think is going to be the real test for the first quarter. As you can imagine you have lulls in January before Chinese New Year then we think Chinese New Year and it's going to be quite strong, but we really need to wait and gauge on what does it feel like right before? What does it feel like after to get a sense for it. Ian do you have any thoughts on that? 
Ian Coughlan: No that's it. 
Harry Curtis: Then following up on a comment you made about being a growth company which is accurate through the opening of Boston. But once Boston is open the growth pipeline runs out. And so give us some longer term thoughts on the strategic direction?
Matt Maddox: Sure. I actually completely disagree that the growth pipeline runs out. We have $0.5 billion of capital that will be deployed in Las Vegas and opened in 2020 and that will have real impact on this property and the operating leverage property. In Wynn Macau that is another re-launch of a new property and that's about 2020. And we're designing what I think will be a real game changer for Macau with the Crystal Pavilion and with the new hotel rooms at Wynn Palace, that will be a large project and we think that it is going to solidify Wynn Palace as the place to go in the Greater Bay region. So if you look at the way that we're stair stepping these things, sure we'll be opening a $2.6 billion property wrapping in June, wrapping up a $500 million expansion in Las Vegas in 2020, wrapping up a $200 million expansion in Wynn Macau at the end of this year, but we'll be rolling right into what we're doing at Wynn Palace. We are also very active in new markets. While you don't count the chickens before they hatch I think we're well positioned in Japan. That's  we're working on that over the next  right now we have our designers here. Ian's here with me. We're focused on putting forward what we think will be without a doubt the most innovative and creative project and presentation in Japan. And I think we're well positioned there. That's further down the road, but we are going to continue to do those things and do them at the highest level.
Harry Curtis: Fair enough. I guess what I was attempting to get to was that after you open  after you pay your final bills in Boston you become  you should become a significant I mean a really significant free cash flow generator. And you've talked about dividends and share repurchase, but it's the amount of free cash flow that I think investors need to focus on. Would you agree that even with these other projects the free cash flow generation in 2021 is multiples, multiples higher than you've see in the past?
Matt Maddox: Well, you're exactly right. Once the bills are paid in Boston, the free cash flow generation for this company goes up significantly. Because these other large-scale projects I'm talking about definitely take a couple of years before the spend gets up and running or even longer. So you're exactly right. In 2021 and then into 2022 the free cash flow profile changes quite significantly there. Craig, do you have any thoughts  ?
Craig Billings: No. I think that's right. And as we talked about Harry, we will look at all the routes to make sure that we have portion the appropriate amount of that free cash flow to shareholders.
Harry Curtis: Okay. And then just real quick, I don't know if it's an observation or question. But Phil Satre having joined the board is a significant positive given his years in the industry and respect that he's had. What is his role going to be? Will you try him out on his golf? Because he really has  he could be adding quite a bit.
Matt Maddox: I talk to Phil probably three or four times a week he is a great resource. I have a really good relationship with him. I don't think he is interested in getting back on the earnings conference calls at Wall Street. He's running boards. He is the Chairman of the Nordstrom Board before stepping down. He's been on a number of boards. So he's really as the Chairman of our Board focused on being a board member and not in golf.
Harry Curtis: He is a wise man obviously.
Matt Maddox: He is.
Harry Curtis: Thank you.
Matt Maddox: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Stephen Grambling with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Stephen Grambling: Thanks. Just a couple of quick follow-ups. I guess first on Las Vegas. I know you don't give explicit guidance, but as we look at 2019, can you just give a sense for some of the puts and takes to think about the market. Are you seeing changes in trends among the international versus domestic leisure customer base or even the convention customer amidst the greater market volatility? Thanks.
Craig Billings: Hey it's Craig. So, yes, great question. So, if you look at 2019 and I think we were pretty explicit with some of the sell-side analyst subsequent to the Q3 call to try to help frame up Las Vegas. But just to reiterate some of that. If you look at our first quarter of 2018, it was I think a record first quarter for the property ever. So, we're --
Matt Maddox: It was. Yes.
Craig Billings: We're going to have a tough comp frankly in Q1 of 2019. You probably should look back to Q1 of 2017 to get a better sense to where the property might perform and recognize that we're in a slightly different cost environment now due to some Department of Labor regulations that we talked about an a prior call. Beyond that we're really looking at the overall baccarat volumes, which as we talked about on the Q3 call, tend to be very global. And so much of the circumspection that we take towards the overall Chinese macro-economy extends to Las Vegas as well. And so we didn't really need to wait to see how Chinese New Year plays out to determine what we think about that in the year as well. Matt, do you have any?
Matt Maddox: Yes, sure. I think as I said in my opening remarks, Las Vegas is a marketer's market. I think we will be focused on how are we going to increase our share in casino revenue and how we're going to drive our rate. We have structural -- new construction programs that are coming in to help us drive rate. That will start in 2020, but we're focused right now every day on how are we're going to gain share on the casino side, in particular, the domestic side, and grow our baccarat business because it's worth looking in our global profile. We will now have three regions that our high-end customers will want to visit. They will want to go to Boston. There are a lot of direct flights from Asia straight to Boston. They will want to come to Las Vegas. And so we're all working on how are we going to create the Wynn experience globally so that we can continue to take share from our competitors.
Stephen Grambling: That's helpful. Then maybe turning to Macau real quick. There has been a lot of questions about the impact of the renovations. Would it be possible to just give a sense for how many maybe nights we're out of service as we think about those coming back may be online even before thinking about incremental spend from customers?
Ian Coughlan: So, this is Ian. On the 1,004 keys, we'll add our peak at 100 rooms in Encore out of order and that will transpire over a period of four to five months.
Stephen Grambling: Great. Thank you so much. Best of luck this year.
Craig Billings: Thank you.
Operator: Our next call comes from Anil Daswani. Your line is open.
Anil Daswani: Hi, good morning guys. Ian another one for you. Could you please give us an idea of what the comp ratios look like at both Wynn Macau as well as Wynn Palace? And how close are we to getting to your targets now on Wynn Palace in the longer term?
Ian Coughlan: So, Downton Macau has been pretty consistent. About 95% of the rooms go to active casino customers. At Wynn Palace, we've been pulling it up from 47% 18 months ago up to 81% for the fourth quarter. I mentioned at a previous call, we could always go all the way to 100% and that would be ideal but we're doing two things. We're working at driving the percentage, but more importantly behind the scenes we're looking at providing a better quality of customer. We're doing that by booking customers in advance. Macau is a hard market for people walking in on the day and taking rooms and people being comped on the floor. We like the book more of that in advance. So the ADT has come up as well. So we're seeing the benefit of that you can see it in the Palace numbers. 
Anil Daswani: And as a bit of a follow-up, I see you're renovating and trying to create a whole new premium mass experience on The Peninsula. Do you anticipate that you could take market share from some of your smoking friendly competitors in that neighborhood? Is that what this is all targeted by?
Ian Coughlan: So it's a 2020 beyond story. This year is the year of renovation. What I think is under looked is the Wynn Club side of the Wynn Tower at Wynn Macau actually contains all of our suites. So geographically, we're creating a premium mass area directly onto those suites with new F&B additions, two new entry points from the boardwalk, walkway between Lisboa and MGM. So we see that, firing up that side of the property. So we definitely feel we will take a much higher percentage of premium mass business downtown as markets recover. So this is a long-term fund for the future. 
Matt Maddox: So Cotai continues to take share from The Peninsula, but The Peninsula is still an enormous market. And what we're going to do is, we're going to continue to focus to take share on The Peninsula. You're exactly right. Some of our competitors had some premium mass smoking rooms that are now at a level playing field. We are as focused on The Peninsula as we are at Wynn Palace because it is a very large market and we think that we can continue to get ahead of our competitors. 
Anil Daswani: Thank you, guys. Operator: And our last question comes from Robin Farley. Your line is open.
Robin Farley: Great, thanks. Obviously a lot of the big issues talked about already. I wonder if you could update -- on the last call you talked about timing for a new Las Vegas resort that maybe you'll be under construction by next year. So I just wonder if you could update us kind of budget and timing of that?
Craig Billings: Yes  no, I can't. And so what I said on the last call was that these projects typically take about five years. There's a couple of years of design and development and maybe I should have said something different. It's a couple of years of design. So I think we are a couple of years away from actually being able to answer what that project and budget will look like. We are thinking about what could come next and what could be different because the more rooms, more casino, more slots and more retail is not going to cut it. So that is  its a very early stages and we're really lucky to have 38 acres on The Strip. 
Ian Coughlan: But it doesn't really -- conversation at this point rather it's not something to put into your mind.
Robin Farley: So you're simply -- no groundbreaking for 2020 there? Okay. That's helpful. Thank you. And then just in the past times premium mass levels have been sometimes tied to what's going on with the VIP business just because it may be groups traveling with VIP players. How are you seeing that now? You mentioned that December you had very strong premium mass business driven by a small number of players. But in general what are you seeing with premium mass trends relative to the kind of flattish VIP drop? 
A  Ian Coughlan: So traditionally you're correct. The premium mass segment was fed quite strongly by junket players and VIP players. Over the last 24 months, premium mass has become much stronger by the conversion of mid-tier mass players into premium mass player. So it's less of an issue. You can particularly see that with junket world shrinking, more competition and premium mass continues to grow.
Q  Robin Farley: Okay, great. Thank you.
A  Matt Maddox: Operator, was that the last question?
Operator: That was the last question. 
Matt Maddox: Okay. Thank you everyone for joining today. We look forward to speaking with you soon.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-11-07 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Craig S. Billings - Wynn Resorts Ltd. Matthew O. Maddox - Wynn Resorts Ltd. Ian Michael Coughlan - Wynn Macau Ltd.
Analysts: Joseph R. Greff - JPMorgan Securities LLC Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc. Shaun C. Kelley - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Harry C. Curtis - Instinet LLC Stephen Grambling - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Cameron McKnight - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC
Operator: Welcome to the Wynn Resorts Third Quarter 2018 Earnings Call. All participants are on listen-only until the question-and-answer session of today's conference. This call is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. I will now turn the line over to Craig Billings, Chief Financial Officer. Sir you may begin.
Craig S. Billings - Wynn Resorts Ltd.: Thank you, operator, and good afternoon everyone. On the call today with me in Las Vegas are Matt Maddox; and Maurice Wooden. Also in the line are Ian Coughlan, Ciaran Carruthers, Frederic Luvisutto and Bob DeSalvio. I want to remind you that we may make forward-looking statements under Safe Harbor federal securities laws and those statements may or may not come true. I will now turn the call over to Matt Maddox.
Matthew O. Maddox - Wynn Resorts Ltd.: Thanks, Craig, and welcome everyone. Before we get started today talking about the quarter, I want to take a few minutes and just lay out why we are very excited about the future of Wynn Resorts in the next two to three years. First, I'd like to start in Boston. We were there recently. I was there recently. And we have 200 people on staff right now and we're about to hire 4,000 more and open a $2.6 billion integrated resort in the heart of the Boston metroplex in less than eight months. And some of the major issues that we're dealing with as a management team are how are we going to control the crowd and how are we going to control the traffic to make sure that the five-star experience that people expect from Encore Boston Harbor will be delivered. It's a property that's about to open. It will provide step function growth in EBITDA. We're really excited about it and we hope all of you will be able to join us in eight months for the opening of that property. Moving to Macau, first, I'd like to congratulate the government of Macau for how the typhoon was handled this summer. Not only were they very well prepared, but in the aftermath and the cleanup, it was flawless. We as a company, our 13,000 employees and I know the entire community greatly appreciate it. And when we take a look back at what Macau has wanted to accomplish, since 2002, when it brought in the new operators, Wynn was brought in as the innovator, as a progressive company. It's not going to compete with replitecture (02:41) or copying other people, but it's going to be new and interesting, and that's what we've delivered. $7 billion worth of investment there since we've started. We have choreographed dancing fountains in front of both of our hotels. We have a prosperity tree that has been a tourist attraction coming out of the ground with a chandelier falling from the ceiling that everyone in Macau and tourists constantly go to see. And it's one of the most photo-ed opportunities in Macau. And those innovations are part of the DNA of this company. It's why we were chosen and it's what we are going to continue to do. As we talked about this year, we've been working on how are we going to grow in Macau and continue to innovate because we believe it is the best place on the planet to invest in the integrated resort business. We have a seven-acre parcel next to Wynn Palace. It's right by the new Lisboa project and we've been working very hard on what could come next and what we have so far is a 1.5 million square foot facility that we think will be a must-see in Macau. The podium level which we're calling the Crystal Pavilion is a large glass structure that's going to house lots of non-gaming features. In fact, some of the public entertainment attractions will be all around the Crystal Pavilion. We have a 60-foot gongs fire hanging in the center of it with acrobats on cables going up and down lightly playing the gongs. As you traverse through the pavilion, you will run into a theater. And this theater is really going to be the first of its kind. We got the idea from it actually when we were at the Vatican. The Vatican launched a Michelangelo program with a theater. It took an old theater 1,500-feet theater and created an immersive experience with screens on the walls and on the ceiling. So, the audience had a 270-degree experience, including live entertainment on the stage. It's been quite successful. So, we thought if we take that idea and custom build it in this area with a great 600-feet theater and make it fully immersive that that experience will be like no other on the planet. We actually have three shows that we're working on right now and these won't be long 1.5 hours show, they'll be more like 45-minute vignettes playing throughout the day and we think that everybody's going to want to come and experience this immersive theater. Now connected to the Crystal Pavilion, we know one thing for certain. Wynn Palace needs more hotel rooms. In order to get Wynn Palace to go from where it is today and zoom over $1 billion in EBITDA, we need 3,000 hotel rooms. So, on the seven-acre site where we currently contemplated and designed a 671 room all-suite hotel connected to the Crystal Pavilion with a bridge going over to the Lisboa Palace. In addition, on the north four-acre parcel, we're working on a 700-room all-suite hotel that we'll connect into the north side of Wynn Palace, which will take that property from 1,700 hotel rooms to over 3,000, which is really where we need it to be. We're very excited about the future of Macau. We have a lot of great things. We plan on presenting this concept in the next couple of months, working through 2019 on the permitting, finalizing the design, getting everything together and beginning construction in 2020. Moving to Las Vegas, in Las Vegas, we have the marquee asset on the Strip and one of the things that we decided was that we really needed to take what we have here and add some new things, freshen it up. So in the next three days actually, we're opening Wynn Plaza. Cipriani's will be opening, a first in Las Vegas. Urth Caff will be opening, a first in Las Vegas. SoulCycle will be opening this weekend, a first in Las Vegas, along with many other retailers. It's a retail and lifestyle complex that we think will be very unique. We've also been working on two new restaurant concepts that we'll be implementing in 2019. And these concepts are going to be higher energy than what we have right now. It's really for the customer. If they want to go to dinner, but they're not quite wanting to go to the nightclub after, or to bed, they want to keep hanging out. So we have some great concepts that we're working on now for Las Vegas in 2019. So we'll have five new restaurants, over 50,000 square feet of additional retail that we'll be opening. And then at the end of 2019, at the beginning of January  in January 2020, we'll be opening a 400,000 square foot convention center here. It's 200,000 square foot of net rentable space coming basically in 12 months. We believe that that convention center will add somewhere between 4 to 6 points of occupancy to this hotel, which will allow us to really drive rate in those peak times, because we will be in the low to mid-90s in occupancy over the full 365 days. So we have a lot going on in Las Vegas from new restaurants, new retail and additional  a convention center coming on board, all in the next 12 to 18 months. But as for the rest of the development here in Las Vegas, in early 2016, we held an Analyst Day and we announced a project called Paradise Park. That project was over $3 billion, looking at it today with construction costs, and it included the convention center that we are building right now. From April 2016 to today, we always struggled with Phase 2 of Paradise Park. How are we going to make a room tower in a town with a lot of rooms, pencil (09:10), along with a lagoon, because we weren't really interested in building a large public swimming pool for the Las Vegas Strip. So we just decided, let's go with Phase 1. We know the convention center is going to work. It's what Wynn Las Vegas needs. And let's continue to grind on Phase 2, the rest of this golf course development. Well, earlier this year, our optionality in Las Vegas changed when we purchased 38 acres of land on the Strip, a far superior site to the off-Strip location of the golf course. So what we've done is we actually went back and reengaged Tom Fazio, who was the original designer of our golf course, to come in and take a look at the couple holes that were disrupted by this 400,000 square foot convention center. And see if we can design a new 18-hole golf course connected to Wynn and Encore. And have that back in action before our convention center opens. The design of that is complete. The work has commenced. And the golf course will be restored and back in action by this time next year. It's a great amenity for the resort. We actually  not only did we notice we lost 16,000 rounds of golf out there, 70% of which were cash, but we lost probably $10 million to $15 million worth of domestic casino business. People coming in for golf trips that have decided to go elsewhere. So now that we have the 38 acres of land on the Strip to develop the next great thing for Las Vegas, we can put our golf course back in as an amenity for the 10 million square feet and the 4,700 rooms that we have here. For the 38 acres of land, we are just beginning the design and development of that. It takes at least two years to get through properly what a new integrated resort on the Las Vegas Strip that's going to be innovative and progressive and drive new customers to this location, which I know that we can do. But it's going to take two years of design and development for that project. And we will be commencing that in 2019, the design and development program. So our future is really bright over the next three years from opening Boston in June of next year to all of the things we have going on at Wynn Las Vegas right now. which we're going to capitalize on the marquee asset that exists today. The future opportunity in Macau that we're working on and hoping to be in the ground in 2020. And the 38 acres of land here in Las Vegas. So our management team in Macau, in Boston, and in Las Vegas are very excited about everything that we have to do over the next three to five years. Turning to the quarter, Macau results were strong. We were happy with $409 million of EBITDA. However, we did have about $20 million of high hold in that period. But even at $390 million, it was a good quarter. And in the third quarter, $390 million, we were happy with it. But what we've seen recently has been more murky. So October Golden Week, as everyone has reported, quite strong. We're really happy with it. We had doubled the average EBITDA that we would get during that week. But since Golden Week, we've noticed that during the midweek, it's been quite choppy and the weekends have been sporadic. We can have one big weekend, maybe one or two days are big as opposed to all three. And so what we've seen post-Golden Week has been a slowdown. And we've seen it, in particular, in the premium end of the business, premium mass, premium slots, and VIP, and that is where the vast majority of our EBITDA comes from. So, what we've always focused on in our business is the premium end and we always will, because in Macau while that will be the first to retract in these times, it's also the first to expand as you come out of these slowdowns. So what we're experiencing right now, I think that the fourth quarter will end up in the neighborhood of $3.3 million a day to roughly $3.7 million a day, really just watching day-by-day and looking forward in the next 90 days as to liquidity, customers, who is coming and what we're seeing. We do not anticipate losing share in our segments, but we do think that the premium end of the market is feeling softer and that's our expectation for the fourth quarter. Moving to Las Vegas, $95 million of EBITDA, not acceptable, we had $10 million on hold related, so even at $105 million of EBITDA, that's the normalized EBITDA for where we would have come out. And really the story in Las Vegas was all about baccarat. So all of our segments on the hotel front were in line with our expectations except casino. We were down about 11,000 room nights over last year and 8,500 of those came in the casino. And the casino block was off approximately $6 million in revenue, which makes up almost all of the miss compared to last year. So, we know that a few of the players who bounce around town actually ended up at one of our competitors. And were beaten quite quickly and I think if you look at the Strip and look at an outlier, you can probably see who that was. That's temporary. That's just the nature of the baccarat business. I don't anticipate us losing any share. In fact, we'll continue to gain share. However, as we've seen in the past, whether it was in 2003 with SARS and what happened at the VIP market and the recession in 2008 and 2009, in 2014, when we saw the premium in VIP market started to slow down globally, that always impacted Las Vegas as well. So until there's more clarity around what's going on in Asia in the premium business, we are remaining cautious on the baccarat market for Las Vegas going forward. So with that, I'm going to turn it over to Craig Billings to provide some more color on the quarter.
Craig S. Billings - Wynn Resorts Ltd.: Thank you, Matt. As noted in our release, our Macau operations delivered $409.1 million of adjusted property EBITDA on $1.3 billion of operating revenues on the back of growth in VIP and mass with mass table win a particular highlight increasing 36% year-over-year. In fact, over 70% of our departmental EBITDA in the quarter was generated in mass, slots and non-gaming. We continue to diversify our business in Macau. While Macau's operations for the quarter were impacted by September's typhoon-related closure, the estimated EBITDA impact to the closure was offset by approximately $11 million of EBITDA in the quarter from the receipt of business interruption insurance proceeds related to 2017's Typhoon Hato. Our results in Macau were also positively impacted by VIP hold as Matt mentioned primarily at Wynn Palace increasing EBITDA from our Macau operations by approximately $20 million from a normalized level. Bad debt in Macau was $2.8 million in the quarter compared to a $600,000 credit in the prior year. Our Las Vegas operations delivered $95.3 million of adjusted property EBITDA in the quarter on net revenues of $398.9 million. Las Vegas held low during the quarter, negatively impacting EBITDA by almost $10 million. As the quarter develops, the property was increasingly impacted by market-wide declines in table revenues, which also negatively impacted ADR, RevPAR, and hotel revenues with a loss of higher ADR casino nights in the room base as Matt mentioned. In addition, weather events also negatively impacted our nightclubs driving year-over-year declines in food and beverage revenues. In Boston, we incurred $193.3 million in total project cost during the quarter, taking the total spend to-date to $1.83 billion. The property really looks great and we remain on track to open in June of 2019. We ended the quarter with total debt of $8.9 billion and total cash and investments of $1.9 billion, including $1.4 billion at Wynn Macau. Subsequent to quarter end, Wynn Resorts Limited issued $500 million of term debt with the net proceeds to be used for general corporate purposes, CapEx and potential share repurchase. Consistent with our announcement earlier in the year, our quarterly dividend is $0.75 per share returning over $81.5 million to the shareholders for the quarter. In light of the revised CapEx planning that Matt talked about, we anticipate generating meaningful cash flow after the opening of Encore Boston Harbor. We look forward to continuing to prudently reinvest in our business, while returning excess capital to shareholders. With that, we will now move to Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. We'll now begin the question-and-answer session. Our first question comes from Joe Greff with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Joseph R. Greff - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Good afternoon everybody. Matt, just with respect to your comments about what you're seeing in Macau here since Golden Week, I mean we could probably surmise some of these comments. But what are you hearing from some of your players and what are you hearing from some of the junket operators as the drivers? And maybe this is sort of a quixotic question, but are some of the reasons for this murkiness or choppiness, do you think they're temporary? Or do you think they are somewhat permanent?
Matthew O. Maddox - Wynn Resorts Ltd.: Sure, Joe. So what I'd start with is, this does not feel like 2014. There's not a large credit bubble looming. As an example, we're generating roughly $120 billion of turnover annually between our two properties, which is the same that we were generating back in 2013 with one property. But the advances that we're making to our junket operators are less than half today that they were then. So in talking to the junket operators, I was there recently, and none of them feel like this is the 2014 credit bubble that's going to pop. It really feels more macro. So what I would say to that is the demand for our product and for Macau in China is insatiable. We are very big believers in the long term in Macau. And if there's a pullback for three months, six months, nine months, not sure what it is, We've been through these. But we note that the underlying demand for this business is very strong. So again, I think pullback is definitely temporary. The growth of Macau is up and to the right. And we're well positioned to take advantage of that over the next five years.
Joseph R. Greff - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay, great. And then just to maybe understand in this environment the operating expense structure. Obviously when we look at your historical results, we can see what's variable expenses, between gaming, taxes, and say junket commission. With that other sort of third bucket of OpEx, the non-gaming tax, the non-gaming commission, how much flex is there if revenues are flat or trending downwardly?
Matthew O. Maddox - Wynn Resorts Ltd.: Joe, I wouldn't assume that many operators could be going on an expense diet, given the current structure of labor, which is going to be continually increasing and the commissions and taxes.
Joseph R. Greff - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great, that's helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Carlo Santarelli with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hey, guys. Good afternoon. Matt, when you think about the fourth quarter, and obviously with the results that you had in the third quarter and some of the commentary that you made in the post-Golden Week. Golden Week generally tends to be a period where the wings of it, the short  the period before and after could be a little bit softer. When you're referencing the $3.3 million to $3.7 million of property level, and I'm assuming that was the property level EBITDAR per day, is a good range for the fourth quarter. Is that just more or less extrapolating what you're seeing kind of month-to-date with the tail post-Golden Week kind of run out through the end of the year? Or is there something else that's kind of influencing how you're kind of getting to that range?
Matthew O. Maddox - Wynn Resorts Ltd.: Yeah, sure, Carlo. So just to be clear, the $3.3 million to $3.7 million is for the full fourth quarter, including Golden Week. And as we said, as I said earlier, Golden Week was quite strong. But what we're experiencing midweek and weekend, midweek has been soft and weekends have been sporadic. So I don't want to get into forecasting what 2019 is going to look like. I think that's a market call. We feel very comfortable with our position. But that's what we're anticipating for the fourth quarter.
Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. And, I guess, just to follow-up on that then, is some of the  is the sporadic nature that you mentioned, is that kind of across the board? Are you seeing that from VIP right through to your lower levels of mass? Or is that just more of a VIP and maybe bleeding into premium mass?
Matthew O. Maddox - Wynn Resorts Ltd.: It's VIP and premium business. The grind business actually continues to grow. So we are seeing our main floor business doing well. And the premium business, it will grow. And that is where you always want to invest in this industry. But we're seeing a little bit of a contraction right now.
Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Understood. And then just if I could, one follow-up. As you talked about the two towers on the wings of Wynn Palace. Could you kind of give us a ballpark estimate for how you're thinking about what CapEx would look like for the entirety of what you're doing there over the next several years acknowledging this is going to be a multi-year process?
Matthew O. Maddox - Wynn Resorts Ltd.: It's really too early. We'll be providing more detailed CapEx estimates in 2019. But the one certainty is Wynn Palace needs more hotel rooms. On the weekends we can't accommodate all the customers that we need and we need to find a way to get to 3000 hotel rooms and create what will be the tourist destination in Macau with our Crystal Pavilion.
Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Understood. Thanks Matt.
Operator: Our next question comes from Felicia Hendrix with Barclays. Your line is open.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hi, thanks a lot. Matt and Ian too, I know  in this kind of environment, I know you're not going to get promotional to stimulate demand because that's never been how you guys operate, but is there a concern that the market will as everyone starts to fight or compete for lower volumes of demand?
Matthew O. Maddox - Wynn Resorts Ltd.: Ian, I'll let you take that one.
Ian Michael Coughlan - Wynn Macau Ltd.: Sure. In general, the competitors have been very measured about periods of downturns, either liquidity driven, policy driven. So we don't get that kneejerk reaction we used to see six or seven years ago. Certainly there's been a lot of stimulation in the junket market. You had seven new junket rooms open and more on the horizon over the next 12 months particularly in Cotai and that does tend to drive bigger profit share for the junkets. It makes it hypercompetitive. It's not a game we play. We look at the long term, but nothing on the mass side at this moment and other than some of the new junket rooms that have opened that have increased their commissions, we haven't seen anything to be too concerned about.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: And Ian, as you're trying to kind of spread a bit of a lower base among the two properties, can you just talk about how that strategy might look in a bit of a slower period?
Ian Michael Coughlan - Wynn Macau Ltd.: We'll just continue to operate the way we've always operated. We'll try quality and leverage having the best product and service in the marketplace. We've been in the rodeo for 12 years. We go through these sporadic periods of volatility. And then we see extreme bursts of growth. So that's been Macau for 12 years. We're not going to over steer one direction or the other. It's hard to look the whole way through 2019. I think what's being overlooked here is a good Golden Week has colored the two weeks post Typhoon Mangkhut when business fell off considerably. And that was a bellwether for the fourth quarter in my opinion. And so we're seeing a lot of softness during the week and some reasonable weekends we've had four weeks post-Golden Week now to look at the business and it is soft.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. Thank you. And by the way thanks everyone for all this transparency, I think it's very helpful. Craig, just switching gears, you guys  you recently closed on a new $500 million term loan and the language in that 8-K lists repurchases of common stock as one of the uses of net proceeds from the capital raise.
Craig S. Billings - Wynn Resorts Ltd.: It does.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Yeah. And so in your prior call you indicated that dividends would be the preferred way to return cash, but you also said that in the case the stock got extremely cheap, you would hoover it up. So, given everything that's going on, given what's happened with your stock since the last quarter and probably what's going to happen now, I'm just wondering if you're pulling your vacuum out.
Craig S. Billings - Wynn Resorts Ltd.: Sure. Yes it does. We did say that. We have been pretty explicit about our capital return policies we do. We have a stated preference for dividend and I did say that if the stock got extremely cheap we would buy it. When outlandish market narratives or extreme market dislocation caused the stock to be really where we don't think it should be, then we'll back it with our own purchases.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. And just to make sure I'm right, you still have $1 billion on your authorization?
Craig S. Billings - Wynn Resorts Ltd.: We do have $1 billion authorization, right.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. Okay, great. Okay, thank you.
Operator: And next we'll go to Shaun Kelley with Bank of America.
Shaun C. Kelley - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hey, good afternoon, everyone. Matt you've already I think I alluded to this in some of your prepared remarks and also in the answer to Joe's question a little bit, but could you just kind of characterize the customer behavior in terms of just breaking it down a little bit by spend per visit and number of visits? It seems like this is largely just a kind of a contraction of confidence by the consumer but could you just help us think about the consumer behavior a little bit more since you've seen this soft patch?
Craig S. Billings - Wynn Resorts Ltd.: Yeah. I think you nailed it. The contraction of confidence is the way to look at it. When we look at our daily visitation to Wynn Palace, for example, it's roughly 20,000 people a day right now in line with where it's been in the past. So we're not seeing a large fall off in visitation or the place feels really busy. It's really in the premium segment where there's been a slight contraction in confidence. And as everyone that's been following this space for more than 10 years know, it's temporary, but it takes a little time to get that confidence back.
Shaun C. Kelley - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: And then I think you mentioned this as well, but just to clarify, I think you said, you sort of expect your market share to remain consistent. Is that  was that the correct interpretation there, so this is really much more of a macro concern than what you're kind of seeing or a market overall concern than anything specific to your customers?
Craig S. Billings - Wynn Resorts Ltd.: Yes. I mean, we've been fairly consistent between 15% and 17% market share. As you witnessed in the second quarter we were a little lower because one of our competitors downtown opened a new junket room and flooded it with liquidity, and we lost some customers and it was very temporary. That could happen in a quarter in 2019 when some of our competitors are opening new junket rooms. But over a 12-month period we do not anticipate that we will lose any market share.
Shaun C. Kelley - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Harry Curtis with Instinet Nomura. Your line is open.
Harry C. Curtis - Instinet LLC: Hello, everyone. Matt, you made some comments about land on the Strip and how that was a preferential spot to develop. Can you give us a sense of what your timing is on that anytime soon?
Matthew O. Maddox - Wynn Resorts Ltd.: No. I think I said in my opening statement that we're just beginning the design development of that, Harry. And it takes two years to really properly think through what is going to be the next great thing for Las Vegas. We're just launching that process. And we'll be doing it through 2019 and 2020 to really determine what's going to be the next great thing for this market.
Harry C. Curtis - Instinet LLC: The reason I ask is because you also comment that you're on the cusp, once you open Boston, of generating some significant free cash flow. And it would seem to me, and I don't know where the stock is going to be in six months or 12 months or 18 months. But what sort of returns on invested capital are you going to need to see investing in the Strip versus your stock?
Matthew O. Maddox - Wynn Resorts Ltd.: Sure. Harry, I understand the question. Again, we're investing in Wynn Las Vegas right now. We have new restaurants opening, a new convention center opening, the golf course will be reopening. And you're right on the free cash flow point. Once Boston opens in eight months, large scale capital deployment will not be occurring until a couple of years later, just because of the construction cycle. So we're in the full design and development mode for what we want to build in Macau. And we're at the beginning of that process here in Las Vegas.
Harry C. Curtis - Instinet LLC: Thank you. And then switching to Macau. It looked to me like you gained share in volume in the third quarter on the VIP side. But you lost it in mass, which was the  I mean it was the inverse of what I would have expected. Can you give us a sense of why that happened? And is that continuing as we look into the fourth quarter?
Matthew O. Maddox - Wynn Resorts Ltd.: Harry, our overall market share, including slots, was over 17%. 17.4%. So in looking at the various segments, we were not losing share.
Harry C. Curtis - Instinet LLC: Well, okay. The reason that it's important to me anyway is because if you're  at least during the third quarter you gained share in VIP with a lower margin, but you lost share in mass, that might that have an impact on our EBITDA margins going forward?
Craig S. Billings - Wynn Resorts Ltd.: No, Harry. Like we said in the prepared remarks, our mass business is doing quite well. Matt referenced the state of the premium consumer, post Golden Week, not only in his prepared remarks, but in all of the Q&A. We anticipate holding margin in the near term as really the increase in the proportion of mass offsets any operating deleverage that may come from lower volumes on the premium side.
Harry C. Curtis - Instinet LLC: All right. Well, let me follow-up in a little while with you guys. Thanks.
Operator: And next, we'll go to Stephen Grambling with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Stephen Grambling - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Hey, thanks. I guess first off on Las Vegas. I guess what's the customer overlap in your Las Vegas Baccarat business with Macau? Is there any change in behavior from those that do overlap?
Matthew O. Maddox - Wynn Resorts Ltd.: As I mentioned in my opening statement, that what we've seen in the past is when there's a slowdown in the premium market globally, or in Asia in particular, Macau and you're seeing it somewhat in Singapore, that the Baccarat market in Las Vegas also experiences somewhat of a slowdown.
Stephen Grambling - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: And then I guess as you look out for Vegas into 2019, I mean any initial reads on how you're thinking about how the year is shaping up based on what you're seeing? Thanks.
Craig S. Billings - Wynn Resorts Ltd.: Sure. No problem. So on the group side, we're fine when we look out to 2019. Matt alluded to the softness in Q3 on the Baccarat side. And we're watching that day-by-day. As he just said, it's a global question. And so could that impact Q4 and then into 2019? Certainly, it could. So a little too early to talk about anything beyond that.
Matthew O. Maddox - Wynn Resorts Ltd.: Yeah. Our group business is at 80% booked right now, revenue is at about 85% booked for next year. So group feels fine.
Stephen Grambling - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Great. Thanks. I'll jump back in the queue.
Operator: Our last question comes from Cameron McKnight with Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Cameron McKnight - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Good afternoon. Thanks very much.
Matthew O. Maddox - Wynn Resorts Ltd.: Hi, Cameron.
Cameron McKnight - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: So, Matt, in terms of the development of the 38 acres on the Strip, I mean given the difficulty that the Strip saw in the third quarter, do you think that the Strip can absorb additional hard supply here?
Matthew O. Maddox - Wynn Resorts Ltd.: So, Cameron we don't plan our business which grows in five-year increments with these properties based on one quarter. So what we're doing is we're starting the design development of the 38 acres which will take 24 months to get through what it is that we think is going to grow this market. So we're going to be staring at 2021 in terms of here's a new project that we're really excited about and should we move forward. The best days for Las Vegas are ahead of it. We have the Raiders coming here. We have a massive expansion of our convention facility. There's no other place on the planet where you can have 150,000 hotel rooms within three miles to host what will be the biggest events on the planet. So we are long-term believers in Las Vegas, and we're going to work over the next two years to determine what it's going to take to move the needle.
Cameron McKnight - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Perfect. Thanks. And then a follow-up if I could. In terms of the $3.3 million to $3.7 million of EBITDA per day in the fourth quarter, could you give us a sense of, is that roughly the level that business is tracked at post-Golden Week? And can you give us a sense of the drop off that you're seeing from Golden Week to post-Golden Week?
Craig S. Billings - Wynn Resorts Ltd.: Hey, Cameron, it's Craig. As Matt mentioned earlier that's inclusive of Golden Week, and as we indicated we had a pretty strong Golden Week. So Golden Week does increase that number. We're not going to provide anything beyond the $3.3 million to $3.7 million.
Cameron McKnight - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay. Understood. Thanks very much.
Craig S. Billings - Wynn Resorts Ltd.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And I'll turn it back over to our hosts for final remarks.
Matthew O. Maddox - Wynn Resorts Ltd.: Thank you for joining us today. And have a great day.
Craig S. Billings - Wynn Resorts Ltd.: Thanks. Bye.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-08-01 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Craig S. Billings - Wynn Resorts Ltd. Matthew O. Maddox - Wynn Resorts Ltd. Ian Michael Coughlan - Wynn Macau Ltd. Maurice Wooden - Wynn Resorts Ltd. Linda Chen - Wynn Resorts Ltd.
Analysts: Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Shaun C. Kelley - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc. Joseph R. Greff - JPMorgan Securities LLC Harry C. Curtis - Instinet LLC Stephen Grambling - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC David Katz - Jefferies LLC Robin M. Farley - UBS Securities LLC Thomas G. Allen - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Anil J. Daswani - Citigroup Global Markets Asia Ltd.
Operator: Welcome, and thank you for standing by, to the Wynn Resorts Second Quarter 2018 Earnings Call. This call is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. I will now turn the line over to Craig Billings, Chief Financial Officer. Sir, you may begin.
Craig S. Billings - Wynn Resorts Ltd.: Thank you, operator, and good afternoon, everyone. On the call today with me in Las Vegas are Matt Maddox and Maurice Wooden. Also, on the line are Ian Coughlan, Linda Chen, Ciaran Carruthers, Frederic Luvisutto, and Bob DeSalvio. I want to remind you that we may make forward-looking statements under Safe Harbor federal securities laws, and those statements may or may not come true. I will now turn the call over to Matt Maddox.
Matthew O. Maddox - Wynn Resorts Ltd.: Thanks, Craig. Good afternoon, and thanks for joining us today. The numbers are out, so I'd first like to address Macau. The April to June period in Macau is typically the weakest quarter of the year due to seasonality and was actually compounded this year by the World Cup. But let's put everything in perspective. The market increased 17% year-over-year with double-digit growth in both mass and VIP win, supported by a 7.5% increase in year-over-year growth in visitation. Macau's long-term fundamentals remain strong, and we will continue to lead in Macau. Looking at the individual property results. We continue to see growth in our mass business at Wynn Palace with mass drop up sequentially from Q1. In fact, had the Palace held consistent with Q1, mass revenue would've been almost $30 million higher and our mass market share would've increased approximately 80 basis points to almost 9%. Wynn Palace's VIP revenue were 5.1% sequentially and turnover was up 20% year-over-year. I believe that Wynn Palace will continue to take market share in both mass and VIP. In fact, so confident, I've assembled a team of some of the most creative people on the planet and we're in full swing planning our entertainment-focused development on the adjacent seven-acre parcel that sits between the new Lisboa and Wynn Palace. The entertainment center will have various whimsical, immersive features taking into account what we've learned from our Prosperity Tree in Macau in the Lake of Dreams here in Las Vegas and amplifying it. The people responsible for those projects in the past  Michael Curry, one of the top theatrical designers in the world; Kenny Ortega, one of the most well-known choreographers in the world; and Patrick Woodroffe, possibly the best lighting director in the world  are responsible and working with us to help develop this concept. The project is going to have indoor gardens, it's going to have waterfalls, we're working on a theater concept and a new food hall that's going to focus on seafood, the best seafood that anyone can find in that region and it will be a culinary destination for Macau. We know that our premium customers like these attractions. We're really excited to continue to develop this. And we plan on completing the proposal in the fourth quarter to show to the Macau government, and we're excited about adding world renowned gaming attractions to Macau. Now, turning to downtown. Our mass table drop grew 21% year-over-year, of a tough comp in 2017. However, during the second half of the quarter, Wynn Macau experienced a difficult VIP environment driven by lower volumes in several of our junket operators. One of the main reasons  principal reasons is that our competitors neglected the VIP market during the downturn and many of them got back into the game in the last six months with new rooms and more credit, creating incremental competition for VIP. We expect this new supply will be absorbed as in the past. And I should note, we went through an extensive analysis of the property's operations. We reviewed the service levels, had deep discussions with our junket partners, and there is not a particular issue that caused this temporary decline; it was really just short-term competition in the VIP market. We are not going to compete on price by raising commissions or extending additional credit for short-term revenue gains. We compete by having the best product and service in the market. And with the upcoming reinvestment in Wynn Macau, renovating all the Encore rooms for the first time since it opened over eight years ago. We're building two new restaurants in our original casino, adding 8,000 square feet of additional retail space which, by the way, still remains some of the world's best and strongest producing sales per square foot anywhere to be found. And we're reconfiguring the West Casino, all in the very near future. So the best years for Wynn Macau are yet to come. Now, looking at July, that we've gotten out of this second quarter period. We were actually experiencing much better trends in July with our year-over-year and monthly sequential growth up over 20%, significantly outperforming the market. Our overall operation in Macau is making approximately $4.3 million in EBITDA per day with normal hold. We have experienced broad-based strength in both mass and VIP at both of our properties in Macau in July. Macau remains at the top of our list for capital investment, and we are honored to have the privilege of doing business there. Moving to Las Vegas. We generated $124 million of property EBITDA in the quarter. Strength in the group segment, as everyone knows, was evidenced by our Q2 RevPAR growth which also helped drive double-digit growth in catering and banquets, driving our food and beverage. Our Las Vegas customer and overall demand remained stable. Our third quarter, looking at Las Vegas, will be a challenge. When we look at the third quarter, we think it'll be flat with last year and the reasons are not necessarily demand-driven, but also event-driven. Last August, we had the McGregor fight here in Las Vegas. It was an enormous boost to the city and to the room rates and to occupancy. Also, the holiday, Yom Kippur, is in the third quarter this year. So just looking at the third quarter, I believe it's more event-driven than it is an indication because our fourth quarter actually looks pretty strong. We're seeing fourth quarter right now trending to be up over 4% compared to the last year, and we think that our overall RevPAR for the year in Las Vegas is going to grow by 3% to 4%. Also in Las Vegas, we're in full construction as steel is being erected on our 400,000 square feet of additional group and meeting space. We expect to open that in the first quarter of 2020. We've also been working on the master plan for the remaining acreage of the golf course. As discussed last quarter, I changed this project significantly from a $3 billion-plus investment with a theme park focus to a more luxury resort experience. It's early in the design stage, and we will continue to work on the master plan for the rest of the year defining and refining the program. We still need to develop cost estimates once our design program is complete to ensure this project will add significant value for our shareholders. Moving on to Massachusetts. We're actually now less than a year out from opening. I am so proud of the 1,600 people that are building that place, our construction team, every single day. The quality of the construction is some of the best we have ever experienced. We're actually ready to start laying carpet on the first floor of the hotel tower within the next couple of weeks. We've installed lush landscaping around the site, and we've renovated the polluted river bank into a living shoreline that connects almost two miles of boardwalk. The site is transforming into a destination resort. We continue to expect to open in late June of 2019. On a final note, Japan. We were encouraged by the passage of the Implementation Bill several weeks ago. We have been quietly active in Japan for a numbers of years now. I've been dozens of times myself, building strong relationships in a country where trust and relationships matter. We believe that the Wynn aesthetic, our unrelenting focus on excellence and our commitment to thoughtful, immersive entertainment will resonate well in Japan. And we look forward to competing there. Craig, I'll turn it over to you to go through some more highlights in the quarter.
Craig S. Billings - Wynn Resorts Ltd.: Thanks, Matt. I'll quickly run through some additional points on the quarter. As Matt mentioned, Macau delivered $352.2 million of EBITDA on $1.2 billion of net revenues. These results were negatively impacted by VIP hold at Wynn Macau, reducing EBITDA there by approximately $13 million from a normalized level. Bad debt in Macau was a credit of $3.1 million in the quarter, compared to a credit of $1 million in the prior year. Las Vegas delivered $124.2 million of EBITDA in the quarter on net revenues of $421.6 million, driven by strength in hotel and F&B. Table games hold percentage was in the normal range during the quarter. Las Vegas experienced some unique expense pressures during the quarter with margin declining a little over 200 basis points from the prior year quarter. About 100 basis points of this decline was driven by a combination of one-time items and a $3 million swing in bad debt expense. In Boston, we incurred $259.9 million in total project cost during the quarter, taking the total spend to-date to $1.64 billion. We remain on time and consistent with the last published budget of $2.5 billion. We ended the quarter with total debt of $8.3 billion and total cash and investments of $1.6 billion, including $1 billion at Wynn Macau. Subsequent to quarter end, our retail joint venture, of which we own 50.1%, issued $615 million of debt with the net proceeds used to pay a proportional dividend to us and our joint venture partner. Since we consolidate the retail joint venture for reporting purposes, we anticipate we will consolidate a 100% of this debt financing, which you will see on our September 30, 2018, balance sheet. Consistent with our announcement earlier in the year, our quarterly dividend is $0.75 per share, returning over $80 million to shareholders in the second quarter. We look forward to continuing to prudently reinvest in our business while returning excess capital to shareholders. With that, we'll now move to Q&A. Operator?
Operator: Thank you Our first question comes from Carlo Santarelli with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hey, thanks guys. Matt, I just wanted to quickly touch on the comments you made about July, for starters. I thought you said, quarter-over-quarter, July was running up 20% as well as year-over-year. Is that accurate? And if so, could you talk a little bit about the VIP contributions specifically as that seemed to be one of the bigger shortfalls in the period from a year-over-year perspective, most notably at Peninsula for some of the reasons that you said?
Matthew O. Maddox - Wynn Resorts Ltd.: Sure. The year-over-year was 20% and the sequential was June to July, month-to-month, well, up over 20%. And we saw a broad-based resurgence in both VIP and mass. What was interesting was in the back two weeks of the quarter, we really began to see the acceleration. Mass revenues or mass drop grew about 15% in the last two weeks of July compared to the first two weeks. So July has been quite good for us.
Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Great. Thanks. And then, if I could, just on Las Vegas. You talked a little bit about the 3Q looking like it was going to be flat year-over-year. I'm assuming that was in reference to RevPAR and just given the gaming volumes that obviously marquee fights would bring. I would assume that, all things equal, a flat RevPAR for 3Q would be likely a down EBITDA. Is that correct in terms of you referencing RevPAR was looking flat for the 3Q?
Matthew O. Maddox - Wynn Resorts Ltd.: That's right. It was RevPAR.
Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay, great. And then, just one last one quickly. As it pertains to the golf course, with respect to the current budget for the 400,000 additional square feet of meeting space, everything is the same there in terms of the broader scheme for that. I think you said you were going to continue through design phase for the balance of this year. And then sometime, I would assume, next year we'd kind of learn a little bit more about the ideas there?
Matthew O. Maddox - Wynn Resorts Ltd.: That's right. We have a lot more work to do on the master planning, and we'll be talking more about that near the end of this year or early next year.
Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Thanks, Matt.
Operator: Our next question comes from Shaun Kelley with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Shaun C. Kelley - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hey, good afternoon. And, Matt, thanks for all the additional color and the prepared remarks. Maybe to stay with kind of Macau and a little bit of the difference between July and what you saw in Q2. It sounds like you guys really dug around some to kind of investigate what you were seeing for the  it sounds like maybe the last six weeks of the second quarter. So then kind of the key question I have is, kind of what are the people on the ground telling you about what might have changed in July to get activity levels back? Has competition dropped off a little bit? Did you guys react and change or tweak strategy a little bit? Just kind of what do you think is driving a little bit of kind of the resurgence back in July?
Matthew O. Maddox - Wynn Resorts Ltd.: Well, July is just a much stronger month than June, given the World Cup impact and what was going on due to seasonality. Ian, I'll let you take up what you're seeing in July.
Ian Michael Coughlan - Wynn Macau Ltd.: It was the World Cup bounce back. The liquidity returned to the junket market particularly and also our direct program, premium mass was up. And what we saw during the second quarter in the junkets in addition to new rooms having opened in other areas is when new rooms open up, players are sometimes diverted from existing rooms just to show business for the beginning of the new room. So I believe that that was the factor. We also had low hold in a couple of junkets in the second quarter which normalized, and that brought players back as well. Sometimes the junkets will move players to other rooms because they're worried about increasing bad luck. So we just basically got back to normal at all business levels in all sectors of the business. One of the ups in Wynn Palace is we haven't plateaued. We continue to grow our business, and 80% of our room mix is now going to the casino sector, up from 75% in June.
Shaun C. Kelley - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great. And maybe just as a follow-up, Ian or Matt. We heard a little bit about possibility of either renovating some junket space at Palace or adding in additional tables there. Is there demand and are you guys doing anything on the VIP side either there or at the Peninsula that's notable?
Matthew O. Maddox - Wynn Resorts Ltd.: Yes, we are. And there is additional demand. So our largest junket operator will be taking a new room probably within the next six weeks, and there will be quite a large increase in the tables there. So we're really excited about it. Ian, do you have any further thoughts on that?
Ian Michael Coughlan - Wynn Macau Ltd.: It's our biggest junket operator at Wynn Palace and they're going to increase their table count by 40% in a really attractive gaming area with its own individual access from the street. It's very nicely appointed at the front of the property. So we believe that that would be a huge success.
Shaun C. Kelley - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Felicia Hendrix with Barclays. Your line is open.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hi, thanks a lot. So, Ian, given the quarter's results and as you look forward and you see new competition coming on, which should continue and you work to stem the market share losses, can you talk to us about some of the things or some of the plans you have to kind of better face that competition? I mean, you just mentioned the new junket operator, but that can't be the whole of your plan?
Matthew O. Maddox - Wynn Resorts Ltd.: No. And Felicia, it's Matt. One thing I should point out is our market share in July, all normal hold, was 17%; the second highest that we've ever experienced in our history. So new competition does not mean market share loss. What we have with Wynn Palace is we're actually opening two new restaurants within the next two months, and then we're continuing this expansion. Wynn Palace is going to continue to be a market share taker. We still have Lisboa coming up, we have the light rail that will be opening at some point in the near future. We will become the hub of activity in the center. And with Wynn Macau downtown, with the reinvestment that we're going to be putting into the original casino, it will really revitalize that property. And so, I believe that both Wynn Macau and Wynn Palace are going to continue to increase their share.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. Thank you. That's helpful. And then, Craig, I think this is an important question given the results today and I know you don't give guidance. Matt, you were very helpful to kind of give us some per day EBITDA data, which kind of helps us think about the third quarter. But when I look at consensus estimates, EBITDA in Macau, you see the cadence kind of growing sequentially third quarter over second quarter and forth over third. The data that, Matt, you provided to us indicates that the third quarter sequentially should grow over the second quarter, but should we expect the fourth quarter to also grow above the third?
Craig S. Billings - Wynn Resorts Ltd.: You're right, Felicia. We don't give guidance. I think what we were trying to do is give you some color on how July is playing out, and I think what we've seen is a resurgence in the business from what we saw in Q2. And that's really what we're saying right now.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. And then, just final for Ian. You're now 80% casino customer in the mix at Wynn Palace. I know you've said before that in your ideal world, you'd get to the mid 90s like you are at on the Peninsula. You've moved along quite nicely. How long do you think it could take to get there?
Ian Michael Coughlan - Wynn Macau Ltd.: We are coming off an incredibly accelerated ramp-up and it is softening a little bit, but we will continue to grow market share. As Matt said, we'll continue to take business from the market as new properties open up in our neighborhood. And we will continue to convert rooms over to high-paying casino customers, and that's worked out very effectively for us. And ideally, you go to 100%, but we'll see.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. Do you think you could end the year kind of in the high 80s?
Matthew O. Maddox - Wynn Resorts Ltd.: Yes.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Joe Greff with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Joseph R. Greff - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hello, everybody. Matt, you talked about not competing on price at Peninsula. And one of the ways you'll further your competitive positioning is renovating all the Encore room. Can you just talk about room renovation there and elsewhere in Macau and the timetable? And perhaps how disruptive that might be and how we should be mindful of that to the extent that you're looking to experience some renovation-related disruption on volumes and EBITDA?
Matthew O. Maddox - Wynn Resorts Ltd.: So the room renovation will begin in the next few months and we're trying to stage it to not have as much, too much disruption. But clearly, as you know, that always exists. So we're working through how we're staging the rooms that are out of commission, how long we're going to have them out of commission and what that will mean. I don't have an exact answer as to what the impact will be. Again, we are trying to minimize it. It will be short term, obviously.
Joseph R. Greff - JPMorgan Securities LLC: And then just big picture wise, I mean to what extent do you think the VIP volumes influence either directly or indirectly premium mass play? I know that's something one of your competitors has talked about not only going after VIP. It would help that segment, but then it'd also help on the premium mass side. And then, maybe you can just talk about 2Q versus 1Q sort of directionally when you look at your premium mass performance in Macau, whether it's in the aggregate or at each property, how did it do sequentially in the 2Q versus the 1Q? And that's all for me. Thanks.
Matthew O. Maddox - Wynn Resorts Ltd.: Okay. So in terms of the premium mass piece, what we saw, obviously, in the first quarter, we had a really, really strong March, in particular downtown at the Peninsula. And the premium mass segment, as you know, faded off into the May and June period. May was not as strong as we had anticipated, but we've really seen it come back in July. So we're anticipating the Macau market, even with some  August should not be that tough of a comp given what happened last August, but we believe that the Macau market is going to continue to grow.
Joseph R. Greff - JPMorgan Securities LLC: And then, premium mass performance in the 2Q versus the 1Q?
Matthew O. Maddox - Wynn Resorts Ltd.: Ian, do you have thoughts on that?
Ian Michael Coughlan - Wynn Macau Ltd.: Joe, at Wynn Palace, we continue to ramp up premium mass. It's a really rich source of business for us. What we've been doing in both properties is running a lot of events, both in food and beverage and entertainment, and that's helping us solidify and build on our premium mass customers. So in both properties, looking at year-to-date, we're very pleased with the progress we've made.
Joseph R. Greff - JPMorgan Securities LLC: And would you say, the 2Q versus 1Q  I mean if you look at LVS which breaks it out, it was basically flat sequentially. Would you say, yours maybe performed a little bit in the same way? Or can just talk about the performance there with some specificity?
Ian Michael Coughlan - Wynn Macau Ltd.: I think overall for us in the market, it's a grown at a nice pace and will continue to accelerate.
Joseph R. Greff - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thank you, guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from Harry Curtis with Nomura. Your line is open.
Harry C. Curtis - Instinet LLC: Hi. Several just quick follow-ons. First on the Peninsula. Typically, when you renovate, you take out three floors at a time. Do you think that that's probably going to be the similar pattern here?
Matthew O. Maddox - Wynn Resorts Ltd.: Well, it depends on how many rooms are on per floor. The Encore Tower is 414 rooms. And so, we plan on launching that near the end of the year. And based on the construction schedule, Ian, do you have any idea of when we think we'll be finished with that construction?
Ian Michael Coughlan - Wynn Macau Ltd.: So we actually have the ability with a single loaded building to do it almost one floor at a time and really narrow the disruption. And we have a lot of experience with doing that in the original Wynn Tower. So we're very comfortable that the disruption will be minimal. There isn't any heavy structural work. So it's really redecorating. And in addition to that, we don't believe it's going to impact occupancy too much. The Encore Tower is 400 keys as you said.
Harry C. Curtis - Instinet LLC: And, Ian, while we have you, you've got some historic perspective. Some of these competitors who have re-entered the market have come and gone a couple of times anyway. Do you think that this time is different that they've either got a better product or a better service that makes you a little bit more concerned about them taking share?
Ian Michael Coughlan - Wynn Macau Ltd.: I think, Harry, we have enough experience in the market to not panic when we see a fall-off in a particular market segment. As Matt said, we did a deep dive to look at every element of our business in the junket side, engaged with the junket partners to find out if there was something we were missing, and there wasn't. So we continue to focus on the product, the facility and the service that we give. That's our leverage. There's always pressure to increase advances, to increase commissions. And when people are building new rooms and trying to get back in the game, that's the leverage they use, but it hurts them at EBITDA. So we're not in that game.
Matthew O. Maddox - Wynn Resorts Ltd.: And that's always short-term and it has been for the last 40 years in every market. When you chase business with creditor price, you end up backing off. So our product is strong. We're moving some of our junkets around in Wynn Macau with a couple of new rooms. And so, we feel very good about our position there.
Harry C. Curtis - Instinet LLC: That historic perspective is helpful. Just a quick question on Las Vegas. We're all concerned about the group demand in Vegas in the third quarter, but why don't we take a little bit longer perspective? Are you guys seeing much encouragement with your group booking pace and pricing for 2019?
Matthew O. Maddox - Wynn Resorts Ltd.: And, Harry, one point is, we are not concerned with group demand at all. It's actually quite strong. Why it is a little weak in the third quarter is we don't have the McGregor-Mayweather fight and Yom Kippur happens to fall in September. So our group demand is quite strong this year. And, in fact, 2019 is looking strong. Maurice, why don't you comment on 2019?
Maurice Wooden - Wynn Resorts Ltd.: So, exactly. 2019 is actually well ahead of pace and we're excited about not just the pace and the amount of rooms, but we're also looking at strong ADR growth in that segment as well. So 2019 is very healthy.
Harry C. Curtis - Instinet LLC: And how do you define strong? Is that mid-single digit or more?
Maurice Wooden - Wynn Resorts Ltd.: I would say, we're outpacing our forecasted pace by 20%.
Harry C. Curtis - Instinet LLC: I don't know what's your budget or...
Maurice Wooden - Wynn Resorts Ltd.: So we always have a pacing that we work toward internally, and we're well ahead of that internal pace in order for us to hit our budget numbers.
Matthew O. Maddox - Wynn Resorts Ltd.: That's right. We can't tell you exactly what it's going to be. We don't have everything on the books. But we're far ahead in our pacing, which should give us more pricing power going into 2019.
Harry C. Curtis - Instinet LLC: That's perfect. Thanks, guys.
Operator: And next, we'll go to Stephen Grambling with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Stephen Grambling - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Hey, thanks. I guess another follow-up on the VIP weakness on the Peninsula. I guess you noted the competitive change, but that didn't seem to impact Cotai. So how do you generally think about growth on the Peninsula and your fair share long-term? And as a related question, do you generally see customers from Peninsula shifting interchangeably between your properties at this point? Or are they dedicated to the properties?
Matthew O. Maddox - Wynn Resorts Ltd.: Linda, why don't you take that one?
Linda Chen - Wynn Resorts Ltd.: So we do obviously see a gravitation towards the Cotai market, and that is true for both mass and VIP. Also, as the new products are opening on the Cotai market, that does make I guess a gravitation towards the new experience. But in general, our products are still of quality. We believe Wynn Macau will still be the strong player downtown. So we continue as we upgrade our property, I think we are sustaining that market for both Cotai and Peninsula.
Matthew O. Maddox - Wynn Resorts Ltd.: And just to put it in perspective. When we plan, we plan for the long -term. And so, Macau is going to be the entertainment hub of the Greater Bay region which going to be an interconnected 60 million population city with a GDP of over $1.5 trillion. One of the largest underground rail stations is being built right outside Macau. Everyone talks about the bridge. But this Greater Bay region is going to be one of the most visited and powerful places on the planet over the next 10 years. So I am a big believer in the Peninsula. I'm a big believer in Macau, in Cotai, in Hengqin Island in that area. It's really at the heart of some of the largest scale development in terms of infrastructure and wealth creation in the world.
Stephen Grambling - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: So I have two quick follow-ups I guess to those comments. The first is, peers have been citing new your customers coming in from further away. How would you characterize the breadth and depth of your customers in the VIP business when you think about that competitive change in the marketplace? Is that effectively there capturing more of that incremental? Or is it a share shift among the existing?
Matthew O. Maddox - Wynn Resorts Ltd.: Ian, why don't you take that?
Ian Michael Coughlan - Wynn Macau Ltd.: So I think we're all experiencing the same thing. And as more and more inventory has opened up on the room side, particularly in Cotai, we've seen a much greater reach into areas other than the Guangdong region. So general visitation into Macau year-over-year was up 7%, but from outside of Guangdong it was up to 15%, driven heavily by overnighters, length of stay is increasing. So I think we're all experiencing the same thing, a greater reach into China. And as Matt said, as infrastructure opens, the bridge, the light rail and Gongbei Border connectivity with Zhuhai airport and Hengqin Island, we will see a larger visitor arrival into Macau and primarily from outside of Guangdong.
Stephen Grambling - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: And on your point of being an entertainment hub, Matt, can you just offer a sneak peak as to how you're thinking about the financial impact of some of the attractions being planned, whether that's a direct EBITDA contribution or just driving incremental traffic to the property?
Matthew O. Maddox - Wynn Resorts Ltd.: Clearly, there would be a direct EBITDA contribution. Without giving a forecast, what we've seen is when we hold special events in our ballroom, we oftentimes  a couple of times a month will hold concerts for regional acts that are quite popular. Anywhere, they will have between 900 to 1,000 people in attendance. We see significant pickup in our gaming activity. And so, we really think that our premium customers to get them to come more often and stay longer are expecting these types of experiences along with the additional culinary experiences that they can't get anywhere else in the region. So those are really intended to focus on the premium customer and the length of stay. And based on what we've been doing over the last 10 years, we feel very comfortable that this is going to help drive additional share gain.
Stephen Grambling - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Great. Thanks. Best of luck in the back half.
Matthew O. Maddox - Wynn Resorts Ltd.: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Katz with Jefferies. Your line is open.
David Katz - Jefferies LLC: Hi, afternoon, everyone. And thank you for all the insights around sort of the past quarter and the go-forward. I wanted to ask about the capital markets philosophy, Matt. Over the years, the company has been very sharp in maneuvering. With kind of the way the stock has performed, with Boston getting closer and closer to conclusion, leverage coming down, are there any thoughts about revisiting any capital returns and how you're thinking about that over the next few quarters?
Matthew O. Maddox - Wynn Resorts Ltd.: We are focused on capital returns, whether that's through capital deployment or returning straight to shareholders. As you know, David, we have a preference, and I've always had a strong preference for dividends. Recurring and increasing growth in the dividends, I believe, provides stability in the stock and enhances our shareholder base. So that's something, as a management team, we will also be very focused on.
David Katz - Jefferies LLC: I know nothing is hard and fast or etched in stone, but should we be led to believe we're sort of ruling out some of the other options? The company has done special dividends historically, not lately, but has done special dividends from time to time.
Matthew O. Maddox - Wynn Resorts Ltd.: That's right. I like a predictable dividend that grow each year along with the business. That's our philosophy and it'll always be based on business volumes, but predictable dividend growth is something that we will always be focused on.
David Katz - Jefferies LLC: Got it. And if I can ask  go ahead.
Craig S. Billings - Wynn Resorts Ltd.: With respect to share buybacks, we're an EBITDA-based valuation. So we don't get a lot of EPS credit. To the extent that the stock was extremely cheap, we would obviously Hoover it up. But as Matt said, we're very focused on returning capital and getting predictable long-term credit for that, which really means through the recurring dividend.
David Katz - Jefferies LLC: I appreciate that. If I can ask one other, it has been I guess a quarter and change since leadership in the company has changed. What changes or evolutions or what initiatives, Matt, can you sort of point to or talk about that you have put your shoulder behind or launched since taking over the leadership role?
Matthew O. Maddox - Wynn Resorts Ltd.: Sure. So I'll first start with the capital deployment. So before I became the CEO, we were about to launch a $3 billion-plus theme park attraction with a resort in Las Vegas. We were not as focused on Macau. And so, what I've done since I've gotten here and taken this role over is brought in some of the people that have always been behind the curtain on the creativity side, some of the people that I mentioned earlier. And we've focused intently on the expansion in Macau, on renovating Wynn Macau, and rethinking what it is that we're going to do in Las Vegas to ensure that it will add significant value to Wynn Las Vegas, but also to the shareholders. So there were years and years in planning that I have changed course on and feel very comfortable with the direction that we're going. And we continue to have real focus on, as we always have, service levels and product. I'm not someone that's going to be cutting expenses to get to the bottom line. That's the quickest way to cut the stock price. We're a revenue-based company. We're going to continue to grow revenue, take share and build the best product. I've just shifted where our focus is. And I'd say that's probably over the last couple of months for the external factors one of the single largest changes. Internally, clearly, you've seen lots of refresh on the board. You've seen we've had lots of changes in terms of some of our policies, procedures and the things that we're doing. But our capital deployment strategy has probably been the single biggest change.
David Katz - Jefferies LLC: Got it. Thank you very much. I appreciate it.
Operator: And next, we'll go to Robin Farley with UBS. Your line is open.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Securities LLC: Great. Thanks. I wanted to circle back on, you talked about the impact short term when there's new junket competitive supply at other properties and I guess there'll be more of that to come in Q4. So should we be thinking about the expectation that maybe there will be a similar short-term impact in Q4, given what you've talked about how you're not going to respond to some of those shorter-term things that the competition does when new supply comes on in junkets. Is that something that we should be keeping in mind for Q4?
Matthew O. Maddox - Wynn Resorts Ltd.: Yeah. Again, we don't want to be giving Q4 guidance right now and we're not going to complete on price. When new rooms open, as Ian pointed out, junkets will often times shift players over to show their new rooms. They expand the liquidity. It hits the market like a freight train. There's lots of credit coming out of that product. That has been going on in Macau for a long time. We don't forecast our business based on that because it's very, very short-term.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. And then a question on Vegas on the margins. You talked about them being down over 200 basis points. I think in your opening remarks, the comment was that about 100 basis points was due to some bad debt and some one-off costs. Should we think about the other piece of that margin pressure as maybe being a higher cost structure that will carry going forward?
Craig S. Billings - Wynn Resorts Ltd.: Hey, Robin. It's Craig. You should think about it that way. It's about 100 basis points of incremental payroll that we are incurring due to some regulatory changes and a general COLA increase. Of course, over the longer-term, we'll continue to grow revenue and drive operating leverage here in Vegas. But in the short-term, we are experiencing some modest pressures.
Matthew O. Maddox - Wynn Resorts Ltd.: And the regulatory changes, Maurice, why don't you let them know what that actually was?
Maurice Wooden - Wynn Resorts Ltd.: So there were a couple of changes that were made that we had to adjust to, and that had to do with the policies related to, more than any other area was food and beverage. We had a tip pool that managers participated in, in a lot of our restaurant outlets as well as our nightclubs, and that was now declared something that no longer can exist. And so, therefore, we had to shift all the tips and take all the managers away from tip pool and we had salary increases to all of our food and beverage outlets and nightlife and in some of the hotel areas that we're receiving some of the tip tools. So that particular shift is something that we have made some adjustment with respect to pricing. And so, I think we'll realize the ability to be able to overcome that. But in the short-term, we felt that pressure.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. All right. Great. Thank you.
Operator: Next, we'll go to Thomas Allen with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Thomas G. Allen - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hey, good afternoon. How do you think currency impacts the Macau market? I mean do you think it has an impact, do you think it impacts the VIP or mass more? And were you seeing any signs that the depreciating renminbi was having an influence on spend per visitor or anything like that? Thank you.
Matthew O. Maddox - Wynn Resorts Ltd.: Thomas, we talked about that some internally and have decided that we should stick to the entertainment business and not the currency speculation business. Clearly, a depreciating currency could have an impact, but we haven't seen a direct correlation and we spend more time thinking about our product and our service. But if you find the correlation, please call Craig and fill him in.
Thomas G. Allen - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Perfect. Okay. And then just on Japan, what you guys are expecting for next steps? Are there certain markets that you're focused on more than others? Any other things you could discuss there? Thanks.
Matthew O. Maddox - Wynn Resorts Ltd.: There are couple of markets that I think everyone's focused on. We are spending a lot of time there working on developing relationships with many of the local corporates and talking through what our proposed plans would be. Again, I think we're really excited to compete there given what our product's going to be, what we stand for. Everything in Japan is about high quality. It's about precision. It's about the best service really anywhere to be found; and that's what we stand for. So we're really excited to partner with some strong local firms in Japan and make a run for one of these licenses over the next 12 to 18 months.
Thomas G. Allen - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Do you guys have any sense on when the RFP will start?
Matthew O. Maddox - Wynn Resorts Ltd.: I really don't want to comment on the government process there. I think that they will lay it out in detail when they're ready to.
Thomas G. Allen - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: All right. Thank you.
Matthew O. Maddox - Wynn Resorts Ltd.: Thanks.
Operator: And our last question is from Anil Daswani. Your line is open.
Anil J. Daswani - Citigroup Global Markets Asia Ltd.: Okay. Good morning, guys. For me, two questions. Matt, you gave us on the opening remarks some details on your entertainment center on the seven-acres between Wynn Palace and Lisboa Palace. Could you give us a little bit more color in terms of CapEx if there intended to be any rooms on that or if you expect any tables on that piece of real estate, is my first question. And the second question, obviously, premium mass has become a bigger focus. In the second quarter, could you give us an idea of what percentage of your mass revenues actually came from premium mass? And have you seen that change into the strength in July?
Matthew O. Maddox - Wynn Resorts Ltd.: Sure. So on the entertainment development that we're working on, it is solely food and beverage and entertainment. It will currently take up roughly about half the site and leaving the other half for future development for things like you pointed out if they're needed, but this will be just an entertainment and food and beverage focused facility. And we're quite excited about it. We're not there yet to be giving CapEx estimates for this project. That will be coming over the next few months. We really don't break out premium mass versus the ground play quarter-over-quarter. Needless to say, you know our brand and what we stand for. We're a premium house. That means premium VIP, premium mass, premiums slots. That's the customer that we cater to, but we typically do not give the percentages.
Anil J. Daswani - Citigroup Global Markets Asia Ltd.: Okay. Thanks, Matt.
Matthew O. Maddox - Wynn Resorts Ltd.: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: And that concludes the question-and-answer session.
Matthew O. Maddox - Wynn Resorts Ltd.: Okay. Thank you very much. We'll talk to everybody next quarter.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-04-24 14:30:00) =====
Executives: Craig Billings - CFO, Principal Accounting Officer & Treasurer Matthew Maddox - President Ian Coughlan - President, Wynn Resorts (Macau) SA & Wynn Macau Limited Linda Chen - President, Wynn International Marketing, Ltd Maurice Wooden - President, Wynn Las Vegas, LLC Ciaran Carruthers - COO, Wynn Macau
Analysts: Shaun Kelley - Bank of America Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Joe Greff - JPMorgan Harry Curtis - Nomura Instinet Stephen Grambling - Goldman Sachs David Katz - Jefferies Robin Farley - UBS Thomas Allen - Morgan Stanley. Anil Daswani - Citi
Operator: Welcome to the Wynn Resorts' First Quarter 2018 Earnings Call. All participants are in listen-only until the question answer session of todays conference. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. I will now turn the call over to Mr. Craig Billings, Chief Financial Officer. Sir, you may begin.
Craig Billings: Thank you, Operator and good afternoon everyone. On the call today with me in Las Vegas are Matt Maddox, Kim Sinatra, Maurice Wooden. Also on the line are Ian Coughlan, Linda Chen, [Indiscernible] and Bob DeSalvio. I want to remind you that we may make forward-looking statements under safe harbor federal securities laws, and those statements may or may not come true. I will now turn the call over to Matt Maddox.
Matthew Maddox: Good afternoon and thank you for joining us today. Its definitely been an eventful three months since we last reported quarterly earnings. So Id like to start the call by reminding everyone of who we are. We are the leading operator of luxury five start integrated resorts catering to the most discerning customers in the world. We are the designers and developers of buildings and amenities that are global, international tourist destinations. We are 25,000 professionals, dealers, architects, florists, house-keepers, performers, chefs, designers and thousands and thousands of others. They deliver our brand promise to over 20 million customers globally every single year. Together, we are Wynn. Over the past three months, those 25,000 people have done what they do best. Being in the moment with our customers, paying attention to every detail, and delivering the best experience available in the markets where we operate. And the score cards in, record results. Their efforts show immediately right now in what you see. Meanwhile, executive management is not only been focused on maintaining and enhancing the operations of the business and stabilizing the culture but in reducing the noise surrounding our business. As CEO, Im not interested in looking in the rearview mirror to guaranteed wreck on the way, Im only focused on the future. And in order to focus on the future, we had to make meaningful progress over the last 60 days so that on each and every one of these calls, we are talking about our business and we are talking about our people and we are talking about our growth. Just to remind you of a few things that weve done over the last 60 days. Steve Wynn is no longer a shareholder in his business. In fact, two thirds of his stock or 8 million shares the company personally placed with two long-term institutional stock for shareholders, and we are proud to have their support. Galaxy Entertainment, a company that we greatly admire purchased 920 plus million dollars of Wynn stock right under 5% of Wynn Resorts Limited and we look forward to working with them in the future. We increased our quarterly dividend by 50% and were no longer mired in litigation six years of litigation with Universal entertainment, billions of dollars at risk, and we were able to solve that by repurchasing the redeemed shares effectively. There are 24.5 million shares its $78 a share. We didnt finance it at 2%, we financed it at 6%. That was the deal we made. It was a great deal for our shareholders and for our company, it was a great deal for universal and its no longer financial overhang and a significant drag on management time and a distraction and we wish universal well in the future. We also resolve dollars gaining litigation with [Indiscernible] Wynn. Six years work, we have no payment by the company. In addition, Im particularly proud of our board. They began a serious search to refresh and expand our board of directors, 60 days ago. Started with over 50 candidates and are using an executive search for and plus their networks and their connections. I personally interviewed over 10 different candidates, personally interviewed 10 candidates, and Im really proud of the nominating committee and our board of directors for the three people that they chose. Three new female board members that are going to bring significant skill and experience to our board and to our company as it relates to corporate governance. Strategic communication, hospitality, technology and whats exciting about these new board of members, on top of the great asset that they are going to bring to the board room is that our company is now in the top 40 of the S&P 500, in terms of female representation on public company boards. Weve also continued and to implement significant initiatives internally to bolster our companys culture and to make sure that it remains strong and keep growing. I am committed to lead our company and in this industry in diversity and gender equality. And whats great about our company is our base is already so strong. For every job opening it at Wynn Las Vegas we get 110 applications. 110 applications and that is actually increasing right now. Our turnover rate is less than half of the industry standard because this is the best place to work and we are going to continue to invest in our people. They are not expense they are the assets of the company and we are really excited about the future. As I mentioned in our March preannouncement, we are intensely focused on capital allocation to enhance shareholder value, that includes all future development opportunities in Las Vegas in Macau and in and region that Im very excited about Japan, which we are going to be spending more time and more resources there in the future. Let me give you a concrete example of this approach. Over the last 30 days, we watched a review of our $360 million convention facility. To ensure what we were building was exactly right. We were able to identify $35 million of savings by simply consolidating some back of house space while only reducing the readable square footage by less than 5%. The changes actually enhance the customer experience, do not impact the timing, which is scheduled to open in March of 2020, and enhances the EBITDA potential of the project. That type of discipline and focus is something that we are going to bring to everything we do in this company. In addition, I have begun closely working with our global design and development team, which has over a hundred employee, 150 employees and is the best in our industry. Because I want to take a fresh look at the lagoon project -- the lagoon component of our project on the Golf course in Las Vegas. Ive challenged the team, I dont want to focus on the mass-market theme park which is really where we were going before on trying to attract more the mass-market into the lagoon and really focus on the luxury customer, and what it is that our hotel guest wants. And so the lagoon is going to be an amenity for our hotel guest, because we are going to reinvent daytime activity for the guest in Las Vegas and continue to make Wynn Las Vegas the best place to stay on the Las Vegas strip. Lastly, in Las Vegas we are carefully considering our approach, our approach to the development of the lagoon. We are really fortunate to have a large assembly of prime Las Vegas land and the importance of appropriately sequencing that development cannot be overstated. We look forward to providing more details on these developments in the very near future. Moving to Macau, I have reprioritized and accelerated investment opportunities in Macau. In 2018, we will begin $100 million investment program at the Peninsula in Downtown Wynn Macau. This will include reinvigorating our regional casino, we got the West casino -- building two new restaurants there, taking out a lot of the exterior junkets space thats not productive and making that a vibrant atmosphere. We think the returns to our shareholders will be quite impressive when we are finished with that. We are also going to remodel our Encore rooms. Some of the most popular room in all of Macau are going to begin that remodel this year. Moving to Wynn Palace, we opened Red 8 in February to great success. The team is currently working on two new restaurant concepts that we plan on getting construction on this year that will continue to add to the non-gaming amenities at Wynn Palace. In addition, we are conceptualizing what we should be doing with the 11 acres of additional land at Wynn Palace. We are working through what will be best for our company, for our shareholders and also to achieve the government division of increasing non-gaming amenities in Macau. Turning quickly to some of the quarter results. We saw strength across the portfolio. At Wynn Palace, we continue to aggressively take share in the mass-market. And it wasnt only in the premium mass. In fact, our premium mass was up over twice what it was at this time last year, but demand for mass-market was up over 70% from last year, so we are seeing strength across the board in the mass-market at Wynn Palace. In fact, our mass gaming revenues, including slots were almost 48% of our gross gaming revenue and that compared to just 39% in the fourth quarter of 2017. Our VIP volumes remained strong up 39% so everythings working there. Wynn Macau continued to maintain its share during the quarter. VIP volumes were up 29% over the year in math is up over 20% I really want to commend Ian Linda Huron and Frederick in the 13,000 Macau base colleagues for delivering so strongly over the past several quarters and their intense focus on the future. In Las Vegas, the property experienced a record first quarter EBITDA. In fact, overall room revenues for the first quarter were quarterly record for Wynn Las Vegas. And I think whats important as weve seen no degradation of business, in fact, what we are seeing is stronger bookings for 2018 and into 2019 if you look at the same time last year. So what we are feeling and seeing in Las Vegas is continued strength. Im as excited as ever about the future prospects of this company. We have the best assets in the industry and we will continue to execute on our service and product lead strategy in all of our markets over the coming years. Before we turn it over to Q&A, Id like for Craig Billings to take everyone through some of the specifics in the press release. Craig?
Craig Billings: Thank you, Matt. Ill quickly run through some additional points on the quarter. Id like to start by reminding everyone like our peers we adopted new revenue recognition accounting guidance in the quarter that impacts the current and historical periods revenue and expense classifications, but does not impact our EBITDA. While there are a number of reporting changes stemming from the adoption of this guidance, there are two key changes I would like to know. First is the elimination of promotional allowances in determining net revenues, with comps now directly reducing the revenues of the departments using those comps. And the second is the full deduction of 100% of junket commissions from gaming revenues in Macau. Well spend some time with the analyst community after this call to help further break down these changes and to distill an apples-to-apples view of EBITDA margins and certain other key metrics impacted by this guidance. As Matt mentioned, Macau was particularly strong this quarter delivering $421.7 million of EBITDA on $1.3 billion in net revenues. Continued ramping of Palace and improved mass revenues drove operating leverage leading to a record EBITDA margin of Palace something we are particularly proud of. These results were not materially impacted by hold, with the direct program holding higher than junkets. That debt in Macau was $300,000 in the quarter compared to a $4.6 million credit in the prior year. Las Vegas delivered $142.6 million of EBITDA in the quarter on net revenues of 431.5 million driven by strength across the property. Table games whole percentage was on the high end of our expected range in both current and prior year periods driving a little over 10 million of incremental EBITDA in Q1, 2018. Bad debt in Las Vegas was $400,000 comparable to the prior year quarter. In Boston, we incurred $241.7 million in total project cost during the quarter taking the total spend to date to $1.38 billion. We remain on time and consistent with the last published budget. We ended the quarter with total debt of $9.36 billion and total cash and investments of $2.2 billion, including $1.6 billion at Wynn Macau. Those debt and cash balances reflect the payment of the $2.4 billion universal note and settlement. However, its important to note that several financing transactions were in motion on March 31. Our $800 million bridge facility used to partially pay the universal note and settlement was outstanding at quarter end. Also at March 31, the sale of $927.5 million of stock to Galaxy Entertainment had been arranged but had not yet closed. When that equity transaction closed on April 3, $800 million of the proceeds were used to repay the previously mentioned Bridge loan. With that, we will now move to Q&A.
Operator: Thank you.[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Shaun Kelley with Bank of America. Your line is open
Shaun Kelley: Hi, good afternoon everyone. Matt, thanks for the run through on sort of the overdue on the strategy. I think its really helpful for everybody. Maybe one area you could talk about since there has been a lot of press speculation on it would be Massachusetts, specifically I mean clearly got an update on where you stand with the budget, but there has been a lot swirling around others too, could you just give us any of your latest thinking about potential outcomes and strategy as it relates to the project specifically?
Matthew Maddox: Sure. When we entered that market it was actually five years ago. We were excited about the prospect of that market, our location and the ability to generate some growth for the company. And five years later till today, we still like the Greater Boston area market. We think it is a really good opportunity. However, we are a $30 billion company, and if there was ever any risk due to heightened rhetoric, that there could be any contagion from Massachusetts into our $30 billion company in Las Vegas and Macau, we will have to take a hard look at what is best to protect our shareholders and our value. Still again, we love the market. We are going to continue to actively cooperate with the regulators there, and move forward. But at the same time, we will always be protecting our shareholders and our employees.
Shaun Kelley: And Matt, theres been some discussion on like timeline pointing towards you know maybe not an open-ended investigation but something that can maybe wrap up a little sooner possibly as early as early part of the summer, is that consistent with what your understanding is or could you give people an update on just what your thoughts are on maybe having more, a more concrete outcome there?
Matthew Maddox: I think that our understanding is consistent with yours that its in the summer. I wouldnt want to speculate early or mid, but we are actively cooperating with regulators and it feels like the process is moving forward quite smoothly.
Shaun Kelley: Great. Ill open it up for everyone else. Thank you for taking my questions.
Operator: Thank you Mr. Kelley. Next, we have Carlo Santarelli from Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Carlo Santarelli: Yes, hi and thanks for taking my question. Matt, you referenced in your remarks earlier the taking out of the promissory note, the 2% note with the 6%. Im assuming that 6% refers to the cost of equity with Galaxy and if so, what was the decision behind going with an equity investment there?
Matthew Maddox: So those two things are totally separate. What we agreed too with Universal was that from the time that note was outstanding the $1.936 billion that instead of it being at a 2% interest rate, it would be at a 6% interest rate. And when you recalculate it over the five year period, thats why the number was $2.4 billion instead of $1.9 billion. So the extra 400 plus million dollars was incremental interest expense.
Carlo Santarelli: Right, sorry thats correct. I remember that. Now but just in terms of the Galaxy and the decision to use equity in that transaction as opposed to potentially a lower after-tax cost of debt, could you talk a little bit about the thought process there?
Matthew Maddox: Sure, so what Im focused on is having long-term strategic partners as owners of this company. The two investors that buy 8 million shares from Steve Wynn fit into that category and so does Galaxy. Ive been a long admirer of [Indiscernible] and what hes done, and they are long-term investors. And so having long-term stable capital in the equity, I think is very is a very good move for this company and for all the shareholders. Also, Carlo Im not a big fan of lots of parent company debt, which is where that $1.9 billion existed. It was the only debt at parent, so advertising the parent, getting rid of the $2 billion of debt at the parent, really enhances our flexibility to do more in the future.
Carlo Santarelli: Great. Thanks Matt and then Craig if you dont mind I thought you mentioned that the Las Vegas hold impact was a $10 million benefit did if I missed that I apologize but did you quantify the you know lower than theoretical VIP Hold in Macau?
Craig Billings: What I mentioned is that it really didnt have the material impact in Macau, because we held high and direct and low in junkets. So really the only impact was in Vegas.
Carlo Santarelli: Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you Mr. Santarelli. Next we have Felicia Hendrix from Barclays. Your line is open.
Felicia Hendrix: Hi, thank you and good afternoon. Matt, I really appreciate your the overview and the review of the companys accomplishment over the quarter. I thought that was very helpful. But just to step back big picture, you know since this is the first time you are addressing the investment community in this  I was just wondering if you could walk us through your vision, both in the near term and the longer term and if you could frame your response in regards to you know governments, organic growth, CapEx and capital return that would be helpful. I mean obviously your prepared remarks touched upon it a bit, but just looking forward how do you see the company evolving over time?
Matthew Maddox: Sure, so the companys current asset base is the best in the business I believe. And our growth profile is quite strong. And so what we are doing is we are reprioritizing where we want to spend our capital based on where we think we can get more immediate growth. So I have re-prioritized spending money in Macau, and looking at those projects and in whats going to attract new customers and keep our customers at those properties longer. In Las Vegas, our previous project it actually the budget was over $3 billion. That was not sustainable, and so we are taking a hard look at what is sustainable here and whats going to keep attracting our customer. So we are moving forward with the lagoon and we are going, and Im a big believer in the future of Las Vegas and so what were going to be coming back to the investment community with later this year is where our next development opportunity will be. Will it be on the lagoon? Will it be on the Las Vegas strip with a property we purchased in January, those are things that we are studying now and well spend a lot of time on. In terms of future development, we  I am going to be spending more time and were really enhancing our team to focus on the Japan opportunity. Its something that I think is getting time is getting, ripe for additional investment and we are really focused on that. We think we have a great story there were already talking to potential consortium partners. We are focusing on locations. I have dedicated a couple of people there, that are full time, that are developers and understand how to work with the governments in terms of what it is that they want to accomplish. So the vision is we are going to keep developing. We are going to be at the top of the market. We are going to use our 150 people in our design and development team to execute properties at the highest standards that are going to drive shareholder returns.
Felicia Hendrix: Right. And I assume that the dividends increase is the beginning of kind of a long-term view on return of capital to shareholders?
Matthew Maddox: It is. We will consistently review invest in the ground, paydown debt, buyback stock, increased dividends. Those are something that Craig and his teams are going to be reviewing on an ongoing basis and what is going to drive more value. The 50% increase in the dividend is something that was easily sustainable by our business and we -- our board and management team will continuously be reviewing that.
Felicia Hendrix: And thats helpful. Thank you. And then just switching gears to Ian and I think you said Linda was on the call as well. I know the question of concession, the concession renewals and Macau came up last quarter. And I thought Steve actually gave it pretty thorough and helpful perspective on that. But investors continue to ask and be concerned about these upcoming events. So I was just wondering if either one of you or both of you could share your thoughts on what you think the requirements for renewal could be? Most investors think there might be some kind of payment required, some of even brought up the chances of having to bring in partners. So, I know they are different scenarios. Right now we could discuss and it's unknown but given that you're both kind of there in the heart of it I just thought I take your brains on this thing?
Matthew Maddox: Ian, why don't you go ahead and take that?
Ian Coughlan : Sure. Thank you, Matt. So, we are completely committed to the future of Macau. We continue to reinvest in the properties. Our relationship with governments as an industry has always very collegiate and very engaged. We as an industry created great success for Macau. We've been good citizens. We take great care of our employees. We brought a lot of stability to the economy here and we have every indication that the process will take place at some stage this year and we have a future in Macau and industry all of the current players. So we're waiting to be given specific detail and there has been a lot of discussion about the need for the marketplace to have more of a non-gaining focus to provide some balance with casino revenues. We're very committed to that Matt address's that result in his opening remarks. Like our other concession partners in town we continue to focus on the future of Macau reinvestment and developed for the future.
Felicia Hendrix: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, Ms. Hedrick. Our next question is from Joe Greff with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Joe Greff: Hey, everybody. A couple of quick questions here, one with respect to wind power, to what extend were your -- the mass market share gains that you referenced earlier in the call. To what extend  were they more second half of the 1Q related due to MGM Cotai, construction project turning into an open property. And just in general, can you just about any -- I would presume positive walk in traffic implications from MGM Cotai?
Matthew Maddox: I'll take that it first and then I'll turn it over to Ian, but I think what we're seeing there? We're seeing an increase in the quality of our customers. So we haven't seen a big uptick in foot traffic coming into the buildings, but if you look at the what it takes now Wynn Palace from an average daily theoretical basis to get a room comp, that is going up quite significantly which is really a telltale sign of the quality of the customers. So we're seeing premium mass customers that are staying at MGM, walking over to Wynn Palace to enjoy our facilities, and that's obviously as an outsized benefit on the revenue line. Ian or Linda do you want to add to that? 
Ian Coughlan: So, just sticking this with our customers continues, we continue to ramp-up. We've seen a significant gain in what we call our Chairman's Club and our Diamond Club areas. Premium mass customers are beating the way to Wynn Palace. We are using our rooms much more effectively and if you look at quarter 117, 53% of the inventory of the 1700 keys went casino customers. In Q1 of this year 73% of the rooms went to casino customers. So we clearly have even more room to grow there. We have listed type of customers that are standing in the room. The CO for the first quarter per room are nice tables, is up 47% and construct is up 23%. So we're getting better quality customers in the room. We got the finest room product in the marketplace. So people are getting more familiar with the property, the more holidays that happen the more visitors that are in town, the properties gaining traction, there's still lots of upside. The effective MGM, MGM will go through the same ramp-up steps that we have to go through. There's no miracles when you open a property. And we have seen increased visitation as Matt referenced. And a small negate of that is our gondola traffic is up 18% since MGM opened visitation into the property is up 7% to 8%, so there are more people on the street. The light rail was cleaned up significantly. We are waiting for the cross bridge to open between ourselves and City of Dreams. But in general the neighborhood is tightening up. We've got [Indiscernible] tower opening up later in the summer and then the [Indiscernible] Palaces announced since they'll open in Q1 2019, so lots of upside for Wynn Macau, very focused on premium mass customers, lots of room to take them in.
Linda Chen: I think specifically how we been able to accomplish all the growth in the mass and premium mass, is first we definitely grew data base through the new aggressive sales of [Indiscernible] and their current existing sale and their strong relationship. And secondly as what we've done is you was up in the room as mentioned before, so every customer that stay in the room are absolutely putting more than what we use to have when we open. And then thirdly it's increased of frequency of both guest coming back to our property by doing more events and whether its consorts or casino marketing evens or even food and beverage event, we've leverage a lot on our facility to expand on the customer base. And then of course the casino promotion we've aggressively address those target each market. The Cortai and downturn market has different client and different that may spike in the casino events and we will address that specifically to increase that shows to our customers and hiring of sales. We've request there'll added new sales for downturn and Cortai.
Joe Greff: Great. And then, Matt I have a follow-up on some of your older comments on Galaxy's investment in Wynn Resort. You talked about the strategic benefits of having a long term holder and the consequence of having a better capital structure, so I think all of the some is call totally get. Could you help us understand in what other ways the Galaxy investment and Wynn Resort strategic?
Matthew Maddox: Because both operators Wynn and Galaxy focused on quality and on experience, I think that as international jurisdiction open up we could potentially work together to jointly examine those. We certainly haven't made any agreements to do that, but our operating styles and philosophies are very similar and it's something that could potentially be a valued to both companies in the future.
Joe Greff: Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you, Mr. Greff. Next we have Harry Curtis from Nomura Instinet. Your line is open.
Harry Curtis: Hi, good afternoon.
Matthew Maddox: Hi, Harry
Harry Curtis: Hi, Matt. First question in Vegas, could you give a sense of household teams are they camping in Fontainebleau projects in your opinion. Are they at a 100%?
Matthew Maddox: I would hate to speculate for them. It doesn't look like a 100% from a guy that drives bide everyday to go to work, but I really think you would have to ask them. There are some cranes out, there are some people there, so it's not empty and I'm actually not sure all about Fontainebleau. But it doesn't feel like it ramped up to a 100%.
Harry Curtis: Well, I guess the reason I ask is it there are some concerns about capacity growth in 2019 or 2020, but from what we're hearing there seems to be the image and media discussion about these projects really ramping up and that's not the sense that I'm getting and that's I'm wondering if collectively in your room you would agree that they are not really running it at full capacity?
Matthew Maddox: We would definitely agree that additional capacity in 2019 and 2020 would be a long shot. These projects feel to me like they are much further awaiting that.
Harry Curtis: Okay. And then turning to Macau, I thought the one of the interesting things in the quarter was that Wynn Macau is proposing to repurchase about 10% of its shares. Who they purchase it from? And is it possible that they purchase it from the parent company? And is there perhaps a long-term strategy to reduce your ownership in Wynn Macau?
Craig Billings: Harry, it's Craig. So that really a routine repurchase authorization that we and all other Hong Kong listed companies seek every few years. It's much more procedural and is not reflective of any intent.
Harry Curtis: I see. Okay. Well then, let me ask one other question of maybe Ian. Ian, what's your view on again more of an infrastructure timing question. There been some disagreements about the timing and the impact of the Hong Kong to high bridge as well as when the light rail system really is kind of be operational, I wonder if you could give us your view on those?
Ian Coughlan: The general sense in Macau was that it will open for traffic at some stage in the summer and the infrastructure civil engineering is all completed. The bridge  people have been doing test driving over the bridge. Key issue is the support services, getting everything coordinated simple things like rescue between three different parties and getting customs and excise organized, getting immigration organized and then dealing with how the traffic enters into the different points of entry. So that's being work through with three different authorities and its a magnificent structure. I don't think we'll see a huge impact from it initially. It will certainly ease the burden on the ferry terminal activity which right now is chaotic over particularly in the Hong Kong side, so we look forward to that teaming up significantly and the travel time from central Hong Kong to Macau getting through all the border situations will take an extra to be at time. I think the ferry itself will still be considered very convenient for people. But in time it will bring extra visitors to Macau the biggest gain from integrated result perspective would be the closeness of Chek Lap Kok, Hong Kong's airport and our ability to get our higher end customers from that airport to the city and to our resorts. So we're looking forward to that.
Harry Curtis: And light rail.
Craig Billings: The light rail, that is scheduled for 201.9 They have been testing the rolling stuff and structural wise its getting very close to completions. The drag on the light rail was the depo which had some contractual disputes and the government had done an excellent job in getting that far back up again very quickly and I think that they're locating extra speed. So, we hope to have it open next year. Clearly it's a huge opportunity for Wynn Palace in particular with the station right outside our property and it traveling on two sides of the property, so again a great thing for the neighborhood.
Harry Curtis: Okay. Perfect. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you, Mr. Curtis. Next we have Stephen Grambling from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Stephen Grambling: Good afternoon. Thanks. I just a few follow-ups. I guess first on Japan, given some of the rules have seemingly solidify a bit. Can you talk to your latest thought and how big even opportunity that market could be? How you would think about capital allocation there? And what you're rolling this is to lever up a little bit versus partner with someone such as Galaxy as I think you mentioned earlier?
Matthew Maddox: Sure. So, we're big believers in the Japanese market. Everything that Japan stands for in terms of tourism which is the best hospitality in the world, some of the finest food in the world, architecture that is hands down some of the best in the world. All of those things we think really fit with what we do, which is the luxury experience in integrated resorts, and more and more people from all over world in particular an Asia are traveling to Japan every year. So we would be  we're going to be very interested and looking at a large scale opportunity there we will be working with consortium of companies, but its one of the moments that in our industry you do not want to missed. And so we're clearly always watch to make sure that the rules and regulations are conducive to good operating environment, but it's one that we're very focused on.
Stephen Grambling: And I guess a follow-up question for you Matt. In your prepared remarks you mentioned stabilizing the culture. Can you clarify that and as we look to the future what changes do you want to see and how do you think about creating your own legacy throughout the organization?
Matthew Maddox: Sure. There's just been an onslaught of negativity from the media. And what that does is that destabilizes people because they read that are things for sale or their problems, and so I've actually been hosting town halls for all employees about 15 of them and I think I've seen almost 15,000 employees so far talking about the future of the company and how bright it is and how we're not for sale and what it is they were doing and how we're focusing on who we are and we're going to keep reinvesting in our people. We immediately implemented some initiatives that had been a long time coming like [Indiscernible] didn't exist in Las Vegas, should have. And so there are simple things like that that we've initiated. We've initiated some leadership development programs for line level staff that want to then make it to supervisor and supervisor to manager. We've rolled that out in a big way because we want to continue to provide opportunities for our people to grow. So really what we're doing is just reminding everybody that we are Wynn. We're very strong and the future is better than the past, no matter what the media likes to say.
Stephen Grambling: That's helpful color. One last if I can sneak it in for Craig. On the Vegas strength can you provide any additional color on what drove not only the quarter but as we look further out whether it's five I guess in the quarter the types of game or customer base for example, is it primarily baccarat or international customers versus leisure or convention spillover?
Matthew Maddox: Actually I'd like Maurice Wooden, our Property President to grab that.
Stephen Grambling: Perfect.
Maurice Wooden: So I mean, yes, to continue on from first quarter strength to the rest of the year. We have a very very healthy convention base throughout the rest of this year and I actually if you look at 2019, we're significantly outpacing 2019 numbers already. As far as the business goes on the casino side, we continue to see great strength on the international front especially our Far East and our European markets. We're very stable in our domestic markets and last year we had a record slot performance with respect our slot the numbers on the casino floor and we're facing very similar to last year's performance. So, our business trend here looks very healthy. And our base of business is very healthy this year forward and into 2019.
Stephen Grambling: All super helpful. Best of luck this year.
Matthew Maddox: One other thing I'd like to point out in Las Vegas, if you look at our non-gaming numbers and it doesn't look like that the other piece outside of hotel is up very much. There's a reason. Our retail revenues were down almost 20% but that's because of a change in strategy. We've been moving out of operating unprofitable retail stores and moving into experts in retail and leasing that out. So while our revenues in retail were down almost 20% our operating income in that department was up almost 10% for the quarter. So those are things that wouldn't be transparent in the press release but moves that we continue to make internally.
Stephen Grambling: Helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, Mr. Grambling. Next we have Mr. David Katz from Jefferies. Your line is open.
David Katz : Hi. Congratulations on the quarter. I wanted to ask about Macau specifically and just not the capital allocation strategy. There was a press report, I'm not asking you to confirm or deny it, but it did suggest a share repurchase effort. If you could talk through your capital allocation priorities specifically in Macau, because you did indicate in your prepared remarks about some spending on the Peninsula, you could talk through that would be helpful? Thank you.
Craig Billings: Hey, David, it's Craig. I'll start and then I'll pass it to Matt. So as I mentioned earlier in the Q&A that share repurchase authorization that we're seeking is purely procedural and is done by most all Hong Kong companies and is not reflective in any way of intent. You actually look at our peers and their filings and see very very similar proposals.
Matthew Maddox: The capital allocation strategy at Macau is to continue to focus on investment and non-gaming amenities that will drive additional customers to Macau and accelerating the design of those and those investments because we feel like there's great opportunity there. And we'll continue to always revisit our dividend policy there relative to our free cash flow.
David Katz : Right. And just one more, given the strength in Las Vegas and your outlook in Las Vegas and the opportunities that you have there some which are underway and others that are land across the street. How you're thinking about your domestic presence since specifically in Nevada relative to the other opportunities that are out there, how would you sort of qualitatively rank that?
Matthew Maddox: We are internally big believers in Las Vegas. I think the future of Las Vegas is very bright. What it is that we build will be consistent with the Wynn brand and with luxury and with the customer that we have been focused on for the last 15 years. So we're moving forward with lagoon and we are reevaluating what our next development opportunity should be, but we are moving forward with ideas for a new development opportunity whether it on lagoon or across the street, because over the next number of years we are believers in Las Vegas. What we done in Macau is just accelerate a lot of the ideas that we've been working on and begin to try to move that forward in more expedited basis. And then we're always looking at international development. So if something comes up like a Japan or pick another place that has great rules and regulations and is a large opportunity and is potentially better returns than the company we'll have to look at and shift its focus. But for now we're monitoring all three and aggressively pursuing all three.
David Katz : Right. And if I can just ask one housekeeping question, Craig, are we going to get at some point sort of 2Q and 3Q, 4Q pro formas under the new format. Is that something that may appear in the Q or in an 8-K?
Craig Billings: David, we'll talk you after this call about that. We're going to walk you through the changes and give you a sense for what it does primarily to EBITDA margins where it has a modest kind of 1 to 200 basis point impact in Macau.
David Katz : Understood. I'll look forward to the walk and thank you for taking my questions.
Craig Billings: Sure.
Operator: Thank you, Mr. Katz. Next we have Robin Farley from UBS. Your line is open.
Robin Farley: Great. Most of my questions have been asked already. Maybe just to clarify because in your opening remarks you talked about March 2020 still being the date, so would the only thing going forward right now as planned in Vegas as the convention center? And then you're kind of stepping back from active construction on the lagoon to kind of reevaluate the scope and timing in budget and that may or may not expect that could end up falling behind doing something with the former Ellen Parcell [ph] is that the right way to think about what sort of actively going forward versus just kind of actively being considered?
Matthew Maddox: No, no, that's not the right way to think about it. So the convention centers underway. We got $35 million out of that budget and enhance the customer experience. The lagoon is underway. So that is going to be targeted as an amenity for our 4700 rooms here at Wynn Las Vegas that will reinvent daytime activity in Las Vegas. I don't say that lightly. We're going to have watercraft, great water sports, beachfront, we're going to have some restaurants and some bars. It's going to be a really fun place to be for our customers. The next multibillion-dollar development of new hotel rooms, new restaurant, the full integrated resort that is what we are examining right now, before that was on the lagoon and being programmed as phase 1B. That's what we are re-examining to decide, do we want to focus there or do we want to focus across the street for the next resort.
Robin Farley: Okay, great. Now that's helpful. And then for the lagoon that is going forward is the budget and timeframe for that the same as when it was last discussed a few months ago?
Matthew Maddox: It is. It is.
Robin Farley: Okay. All right. Great. Thank you.
Matthew Maddox: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. And next we have Thomas Allen from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Thomas Allen: Hi. So, on the Macau accelerated investments, how you're thinking about the return on investment on those dollars spent? And then will there be any for modeling purposes will there will be any renovation impacts for the short term? Thanks.
Matthew Maddox: We're not going to quantify what the returns on those will be because it's really about adding to the overall integrated resort and keeping our customers longer. Clearly we think the returns are going to be strong. In terms of renovation I know the teams working carefully with the Encore room tower remodel, because it's one of the most popular room products in all of Macau, to ensure that we're not jeopardizing business. I mean, that tower runs at over 95% occupancy. So, taking rooms out to remodel is a delicate dance and we're working through that now to try to make sure we minimize the impact on the business.
Ian Coughlan: It's also a soft refurbishment, so we can manage that very effectively. We did it with the Wynn Tower. We don't foresee it hurting occupancy too much.
Thomas Allen: Very helpful. And then just a follow-up on Macau. How are you thinking about continuing to ramp-up that comp mix at Palace? Where do you see the potential opportunity and any other metrics you could give us around -- you talked about bringing in even higher quality customers than you had been bringing in? So, any more color there would be really helpful. Thank you.
Matthew Maddox: Sure. Linda and Ian, why don't you talk about the comp mix in the hotel?
Ian Coughlan: Well, as I addressed earlier, we've listed the number of rooms at Wynn Palace that are casino-related, some 53% in the first quarter last year to 73% in the first quarter of this year. So, we continue to have space in the property to bring more high-end customers in, casino high end customers. So, that's our opportunity. As the property gets more familiar with players, we have a lot more repeat business, new customers are being introduced, all the marketing efforts we're making are bearing fruit. So, we just continue the things that we're doing. We believe that we're still on lift-off and ramping up.
Linda Chen: Also, actually, the quality of our room product is really the top in the market. So, we're able to progressively move our customer up to even the next level of room and suite products that they haven't experienced before. So, we have the penthouse and the villas, and those are actually new, if you may, experience for a lot of the premium mass customers. So, we've been able to progressively increase their flight based on the facility that they get to experience.
Ian Coughlan: It may be a good opportunity for Ciaran to talk about the strength of mass at Wynn Macau as well. And one of the key focus is just to not cannibalize Wynn Macau.
Ciaran Carruthers: So, at Wynn Macau, we're obviously seeing continued growth in the mass business despite the gravitational pull of Cotai product segment. And we've done that -- obviously, we've been running very, very high utilization of our room product and casino for a long time where about 94% or 95% of our rooms are used by the casino that really, for us, has been a better yield. And the quality of the customers there and the market has seen -- has done exceptionally good job in the optimization strategy, getting better and better quality customers into that room and move in a lot of the business that we had previously seen, not lodging with us but staying in these -- in the hotel rooms. And just in case, not to cannibalize our business. Not moving anything across the Wynn Palace unnecessarily. We have a lot of customers that have gone across there, and now customers that enjoy both properties, customers that have been Cotai customers that have now moved to Wynn Palace, enjoying the Wynn experience and have moved across the Wynn Macau. So, for us, it's really been about utilizing and optimizing the quality of the customer in the room.
Linda Chen: Also, where we actually experienced downtown at Wynn Macau is we've been able to leverage the facility at Wynn Palace to reactivate a lot of our inactive customers that we lost from Wynn Macau to the Cotai market. So, once after our Wynn Palace property is available, we actually have been reintroducing our company and brand to those customers. So, now they've come across both properties. So, Wynn Macau has experienced a lot of, if you may, reactivation customer that hasn't visited in the past couple of years.
Matthew Maddox: Okay. Thanks.
Thomas Allen: If I could just one quick follow-up. So, I guess, Ian, you said 73% comp, but Ciaran highlighted that at the Peninsula; it's 94% to 95%. I mean, is that the long-term opportunity?
Ian Coughlan: That is the long-term opportunity. If every room at Wynn Palace goes to a casino customer and one with a high field, that's where we want to be.
Matthew Maddox: But the Cotai mix is different than Peninsula. So, we're not going to start setting targets for the Cotai room mix to be the same as the Peninsula. That, as you know, Tom is just the wrong thing to do. So, we'll continue to increase our room mix in an appropriate way so that we're maximizing the bottom-line.
Thomas Allen: Good. Thank you all.
Matthew Maddox: Next question.
Operator: Thank you. Next we have Anil Daswani from Citi. Your line is open.
Anil Daswani: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my call. Couple of things, first of all, could you give us an update on any timelines for the 11 acres of additional land that you guys have over a Wynn Palace. Is there any time line that you could suggest or CapEx that you could suggest for what you plan to do with that?
Matthew Maddox: No, its too early, we are in beginnings of the conceptualization phase. We're actually bringing in some of the leading global designers and people in the animatronic world that we work with them in the past. They were actually responsible for the Lake of Dreams here in Las Vegas and Prosperity of Tree in Macau to start to conceptualize some really interesting non-gaming amenities. But we're at the beginning of that and it will be a number of quarters before we're able to articulate it.
Anil Daswani: Okay. And the second thing Matt, could you give us some more granularity on Japan. Are you looking at Osaka, are you looking at Yokohama. What type of CapEx are you guys thinking? You'd be willing to commit, I know couple of others have already commented that they're prepared to invest up to trillion yen, is it a similar commitment that Wynn's prepared to make to that Japanese market?
Matthew Maddox: We never lead with the number without knowing the location, all the rules in play, what the consortium looks like and what the expected returns are. So, clearly anybody can throw out a trillion yen and back into an ROI that make sense. But until we know those things we're not going to be putting out budgets based on thin air. So what we're doing is working carefully with the cities and the Tokyo Bay region and Osaka explaining our qualifications. What it is that we do, and working on partnerships to move forward in either one of those markets?
Anil Daswani: Thanks, Matt.
Matthew Maddox: Sure.
Operator: Thank you, Mr. Daswani. And there are no further questions.
Matthew Maddox: Okay. Thank you very much everybody. We look forward to speaking after the call.
Operator: Thank you all for participating in today's conference. You may disconnect your line and have a great day or great evening.

===== 2017 Q4  (2018-01-23 12:00:00) =====
Executives: Craig Billings - CFO, Principal Accounting Officer & Treasurer  Stephen Wynn - Founder, Chairman & CEO Ian Coughlan - President, Wynn Resorts (Macau) SA & Wynn Macau Limited Matthew Maddox - President
Analysts: Joseph Greff - JPMorgan Chase & Co. Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank AG Shaun Kelley - Bank of America Merrill Lynch David Katz - Jefferies LLC Rebecca Stone - Goldman Sachs Group  Robin Farley - UBS Investment Bank  Harry Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd.
Operator: Good morning. My name is Nicole, and I'll be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Wynn Resorts Fourth Quarter 2017 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions]. It is now my pleasure to hand the conference over to Mr. Craig Billings, the Chief Financial Officer. Sir, please go ahead.
Craig Billings: Thank you, Operator. Good morning, everyone. On the call today with me in Las Vegas are Steve Wynn, Matt Maddox, Maurice Wooden and Ian Coughlan. Also on the line are other members of management from Macau, Las Vegas and Boston. I want to remind you that we'll be making forward-looking statements under safe harbor federal securities laws, and those statements may or may not come true. I will now turn the call over to Steve Wynn.
Stephen Wynn: Well, I guess, everybody saw the numbers. So my comments about them and any relevant -- any other comments going forward. We have said for the past two years, as the Macau market experienced some vicissitude that the fundamentals in China, as in terms of its business opportunity for our company, were profoundly simple and uncomplicated. I guess, it's the reason why when the stock got ridiculously oversold 1.5 or 2 years ago. I started to increase my position. I stress to people who were interested in our company and who invest in gaming that the Macau market is still only touching a tiny percentage of the potential market that's there. And as these hotels gain public acceptance, we notice the really important changes. For example, we're seeing now, since New Year's Eve, we thought we have a postseason -- post-holiday slump. We are seeing midweek business in the mass casino in the $3 million and $4 million a day level during the midweek periods. So the depth and the foundational strength of that market is real. We are also encouraged -- we have been encouraged by the government in conversations with them to file our plans for Phase 2, which we're working on now. As a matter of fact, everybody from Macau is here for design sessions with me this week. That's why Ian is at the table with me instead of being on the phone from China to develop our 11 acres of adjacent property on the north and south of our existing Cotai land. We've always been bullish about Macau. The Wall Street and the investment community has had different moods about this. I remember that back in 2002 when we had the concession, but of course, has not yet started construction, and we discussed the potential of Macau, the value that was placed upon our IPO was with -- in relation to that concession was zero. And I don't blame people for having a little trouble getting long-term views on China back in 2002, but I think the picture is pretty clear today. Having said that, we are coming up -- operating at almost $4 million level in operating profit per day during December and the end of November. And we're functioning a little higher than $5 million a day in January. And we're headed towards Chinese New Year. And during that period, a couple of significant things happen up here we can stick on the short term, which always seem to be fun on these calls. We're told that MGM, our neighbor, is going to finally commence operations in the next week or two, at least partially, which will remove some of the obstacles that separate them from us. Unfortunately, our neighbor on the other side, SJM is still months away, but the Monorail is coming along, but we have been engaged in a very important construction remodeling issue on the whole south side of the Cotai casino, which has constrained our operation in spite of the good performance it has experienced. And that constraint and that new restaurant and all the related stuff on that side of the casino will be open in a few days and will be available for Chinese New Year in few weeks. We have a highly anticipated, and this availability of the space and the restaurant and other things that attendant to it, and we're excited to have this construction period with its construction walls and everything finally over. So we're looking for a very exciting February with the Chinese New Year and our new Red 8 and our new space on the south side of Cotai. Those are my thoughts with regard to the current situation. The bridge is coming along and all of that sort of thing. I think most of you know that about that. And a lot of things mature in '19, if I'm not correct, Ian?
Ian Coughlan: Yes.
Stephen Wynn: The bridge, the light rail. We have been hemmed in on four sides. Even the light rail on our fourth side, because we have streets on all four sides, the light rail yard is on our fourth side. The light rail goes around two sides of our property and stops in the middle of it, right at our gondola station. And then we have construction after that with SJM and MGM. So all these things are looking very nice for us. With regard to Las Vegas, we closed the golf course at the end of the year, and we began removing trees and doing the grading for our new convention and meeting space of 450,000 or 460,000 feet that we need very badly now because we're outgrowing some of our shows. The lagoon begins and are planning for the rest -- and our drawings proceed for the rest of the adjacent property on the west end of our 1600-foot long lake, that is 700 feet or 600 feet wide, 26 acres. For comparison purposes, for those of you who visualize things in Las Vegas, the water feature in front of Bellagio is eight acres, at this body of water and its one mile long circumferential boardwalk is little over three times the size of Bellagio and offers tremendous developmental land on the beaches on the boardwalk. We'll begin on the west side, as we have already, to develop hotels, gaming, restaurants and public attractions. We have begun that process. But even as we've finished the drawings and execute the structures, there will be at the east end across the street from the Las Vegas Visitors and Convention Bureau, still another 60 acres, 65 acres undeveloped property with beaches and boardwalk frontage and pinched between our beach and boardwalk and lake, and the Las Vegas 3 million feet of convention Space. Our new 460,000-foot building is directly opposite the Sands 2-million-odd or may be close to 2 million to 3 million feet for exhibit space. And so we're all connected. The folks at the Sands and ourselves are arranging our connections so that between the Sands and the Wynn, we will be talking about almost 15,000 to 20,000 rooms before we're done with over 6 million feet of exhibit space and hundreds of acres of recreational opportunities and attractions that will be unique, not a theme park or we're not competing with Disney. We're creating a new kind of experience that is addressed to the modern era taking advantage of technology and all the rest. Included in that will be the connected 2,000 or 3,000 rooms that will go across the street at what we call West Wynn, the old side of the Frontier Hotel that we bought in December for $336 million. The previous discussions about Alon, I think that's what it was called, were on 34 acres. We have 38 because we increased the size of the property by buying the remaining land from Phil Raffan [ph], the 3.6 or 3.7 acres that were between the Alon side and the Trump Hotel. So our site is bigger. It's 1300 feet on The Strip. It goes from The Strip back to Frank Sinatra Boulevard. And as we mentioned in the press release, it now takes our total assembly of real estate to 280 acres from Paradise Road to Frank Sinatra Boulevard. It's almost a mile from east to west. It's 3,000 feet -- at 3,300 feet and its widest, and it goes down to a little narrower at the other end. It surrounded by over 6 million feet of exhibit space, 1,000-acre feet of private water rights, and it will add to the over 10 million feet of development that exist today at Wynn and Encore. That's the big picture, and we're going to attempt in the next 4, 5 months to have renderings that show the entire development of the 280 acres, which incidentally our average cost is just about 2.7 million an acre, and it also includes land across Street to support the primary development in the middle. And that's pretty much the story of Las Vegas. The third thing that's probably on my sheet of discussion would be Boston. We were ahead of 34-month construction contract with Suffolk Construction, John Fisher's company. His people are among the most talented and collected construction folks we've ever dealt with, I'm happy to report. And they are on target, a little ahead of schedule, a couple of weeks may be, of course, we got to wait and see how the snow comes, but we are right on target. I think we're going to top out the building -- the hotel in the next 5 or 6 weeks before the end of February. And the steel and structure is up for all of the podium buildings, meeting rooms, ballrooms, gambling and all the rest retail and food and beverage. And we'll open up in May or June, 15 or 16 months from now. And I think everybody in Boston is excited about it. The entry threshold was rather high and expensive between our neighboring communities and the obligations imposed by the statute. Getting up and into construction and getting underway was quite an involved process and took many, many months and a few hundred million dollars. But once in Boston, it's a wonderful community. Everybody is very supportive. The hospitality industry comes together every month. They support one another. They've been very -- they reached out to us and are very welcoming as has the governor and city officials and university officials. I think they're proud to have us there and we're doing it up first class. Largest private investment in the history of the Commonwealth, and we're going to be the second biggest employer in the Commonwealth behind Mass General Hospital. That's pretty much it. All of the guys and gals are here to answer questions, so have at it.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from the line of Joe Greff with JPMorgan.
Joseph Greff: Steve, you touched on this in your prepared comments referencing the midweek business here in the 1Q. Obviously, you saw mass volumes improve sequential growth in the fourth quarter, exceeded the growth rate in the 3Q. Can you just talk about what do you think is driving the improving mass volumes? Obviously, VIP has been strong for a while, but it seems -- mass seems to be accelerating here. What do you think is driving that?
Stephen Wynn: Well, again, we're not the Chamber of Commerce or the government. We are focused on our own stuff. And I'm going to -- Ian is sitting next to me, I'm happy to say, we're here for design work this week with the whole Macau operation in Las Vegas. But I'll give you my take on it and then, I think, Ian's is even probably more relevant at the moment. But look, we took 2.5 years or 3 years to design Wynn Palace. We took that much time to design Wynn Macau. And we weren't just sitting around having coffee. We really grind on little things. There is -- I have said this in conference call after conference call that God lives in the details in our business. Our ability to anticipate the nuance concerning the habits and the preferences of our guests to anticipate that both with our buildings and with our training cannot be exaggerated. The importance of that is critical. And what happens is our buildings tend to gain momentum over time, which is why Las Vegas had its biggest year in history, $520-odd-million. It's that in my view. Now the guy that operates, he is sitting right here.
Ian Coughlan: The market clearly lifted in VIP and significantly in mass. Wynn Palace was perfectly primed to take advantage of that. Both our properties are designed for premium mass and VIP in addition to other market segments. And we were ready and waiting. When the market lifted, we took a bigger share than everybody else, but our properties deserves that.
Stephen Wynn: If you want to understand what we're doing, all of you that are statistically oriented. Take a look at market shares before we open a property and market shares after we open a property. I mean, the Palace hotel snapped up market share. Gobbled up market share. We went from 9 to 17 I think that's...
Ian Coughlan: That's right, we're 17%.
Stephen Wynn: Some of the other companies have open places and not experienced anything like that kind of growth. It's always been the case whether it was Mirage, Golden Nugget, Bellagio, Wynn and Encore in Las Vegas, even Beau Rivage in Mississippi or the Golden Nugget in Atlantic City. There is a definite pattern. We deal to a part of the market that tends to lead in good times and not suffer quite as bad in bad times. And that's one of the reasons why as a company and as a Board of Directors and the management team, we're so dedicated to the sector of the market that we cater to.
Joseph Greff: Maybe this is more of a technical question for Ian or for Craig. Can you discuss or remind us why mass hold percentage between Wynn Palace and Wynn Macau is about 500 bps apart? Is there is a big premium mass mix delta there or some other reason? And that's all for me.
Craig Billings: Well, Joe, as you know, the denominator is a little bit impacted by cage drop in Macau. So it's really difficult to do an apples-to-apples comparison.
Stephen Wynn: On the mass, it's hard because they use the cage. It's very different than Las Vegas.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Carlo Santarelli with Deutsche Bank.
Carlo Santarelli: Steve, you talked a lot about some of the development initiatives and the vision for Las Vegas. Could you comment a little bit, obviously the balance sheet has got meaningfully stronger. Macau is throwing off significant cash flows and will continue to, could you talk a little bit about how you're thinking about the capital structure at this point and over the next 12 to 18 months?
Stephen Wynn: I think about the capital structure with my Board of Directors constantly. We love a strong balance sheet, especially at a time when this company is growing as rapidly as it's about to grow. I think we're going to see Japan in the next 12 or 14 months sort of come into season. But the development of our own existing properties, we have so much potential that I think the balance sheet strength is a critical subject for continual review. And we have always been conservative that way. If I'd been a little less conservative, I would have gone public when Sheldon Adelson did and add more money today, but I have always taken a very sort of, don't let anything really rock the boat approach. So we're going to continue in that vein. And it's a subject of constant review among ourselves in operations and on a regular basis with the board. So that's my attitude towards it.
Carlo Santarelli: Fair enough. That's certainly helpful. And then just in terms of the time line for, obviously, you stated Boston sometime mid-2019. With respect to the Las Vegas developments in terms of the Lake and the towers there and then you obviously mentioned the 38 acres across the street. How are you thinking about the time line for discovery around cost for those projects as well as construction starts and completion?
Stephen Wynn: Here is what I think. I think that we -- I look for the answer to that question in our history. We win more money than anybody else in America in a casino, I believe. And we're profitable. We've always been the leader in the revenue generated in casino rooms in the city -- in the state since 1989, but never at any of my hotels that I've been involved in ever had over -- had as much as 50% gaming revenue. It's always been more than in non-gaming. And that as we have grown and got bigger and bigger, the lopsidedness of that ratio has gotten to the 65-35 basis, 60-40, 65-35, non-gaming over gaming. And I love that because there are 2 factors to that. A, it's the non-gaming that produces all the fancy gamblers and high income type of patrons. So what I want to do, because so much of our business evens 35% of it, I want to keep developing the non-gaming aspects of our business. Remember, hotels are extremely profitable. That's one of our best operating divisions. With our room rates, we operate at 50% to 60% margins in the hotels. And the more hotel rate we get, every dollar goes to the bottom line. Every additional dollar of hotel revenue is 100% profit, except even the room tax is added on. So I want to add more rooms. We have 160,000 rooms in Las Vegas. Let's get real simple about this. And the town is occupied about 80-odd-percent. Now if I add 3,000 rooms, 1,500 or 2,000 of our own right here on the boardwalk and another 2,000 or 2,500 across the street, we go to 8,000-odd rooms out of 170,000. But I have a right to expect that any weakness in the market will be felt at the older, weaker end of the market, not in the strongest. My board is going to see a room next week that we built that is going to be the bedroom going forward. It's 650 square feet, you walk in the middle of the room. The window is 24 feet wide. It's 27 feet to the -- from the door to the window. You walk into foyer that's 6 feet wide. On your left is a bathroom for the gentlemen with a big shower, a sink, a john and a closet. On the right of foyer is the ladies bathroom with a shower or a tub, that's a john and sink and a closet. We have a his and her bathrooms that qualifies as a suite according to Forbes Travel Guide. You walk straight ahead on your left on the left wall of the 24-foot wide room is the headboard and the bed and the desk. Straight ahead is the 24-foot window, an enormous window. And on the right is the sitting area, the living sitting area with a couch and chairs, and 80-inch television set. Now that's our room. When you have the best hotel room in Las Vegas, when you're building all suite and give people all suites from $400 a night or $500 a night, you know what our average rates now are creeping up into the mid-threes. By the time these buildings are done in the next three year or so, we'd be getting $400. There is nowhere in the world you can get a room like that. And in the town of 160,000 rooms, in the middle of 6 million square feet of convention space and at least 500,000 or 600,000 feet of our own, in terms of ballrooms and meeting rooms at the highest caliber, I'm feeling pretty safe. And I'm going to get those damn buildings up as fast as I can, because I want to capture more of the absolutely inevitable visitor and tourist traffic that Las Vegas will experience in the next 15 to 20 years. You have to ask yourself, investment community, do you believe that Las Vegas, Nevada, will for the next decade or two continue to be a major destination city in The United States of America and the world. I think Orlando is 78 million, I think New York is 64, 63, we're 43 and climbing. If you believe that those 800,000-odd people are going to continue to come here, then you can absolutely be fearless about accommodating these people at the best level and giving the highest level of value. Anybody who doesn't understand that is missing the boat. And personally, that's fine with me. If the stocks low, we buy it. But that's where it stands. That's the fundamental thinking of this company. This is a great city to be in. It's a great city to develop in. Naturally, there are competitive issues, and we can always be affected by regulatory irregularities and then unexpected twists and turns by regulators. But things have been pretty steady here for a long time. And with the Trump administration, with Republicans in Washington, we are seeing this fabulous renaissance. This tax bill -- this tax bill with one-year depreciation on both new and used equipment, the lowering of the corporate rate. Later this year, as we -- experiences, I'm going to give my employees another raise, a bonus just like all the other companies. Any attempt to vilify or criticize this tax bill is a fruitless and pointless exercise. The impact of that tax bill I can tell you is a tsunami of business activity and growth in America. And remember, who are we out here, we are people that catered businesses and people who have discretionary income. The Congress and the Trump administration, President Trump, has just given America and companies room to grow, room to run their own lives instead of taking the money and deciding what's best for us in Washington like we had for eight years. This whole idea of a tax break, of lowering taxes for corporations and for individuals is the United States government under Republican control with the Trump administration saying, go ahead people, we think you know what to do with your money better than we do. And I'm not trying to sound like a Republican commercial, although I'm happy to do one. But I am pointing out that a major recipient of this sort of mentality in the government is Las Vegas, and similarly, conversely, I predicted it and it was true that we were victimized by the wet blanket over-regulatory oppressiveness of the Obama administration. All of us out here suffered. We were -- if you're a Republican you were attacked by Fin Sen [ph], everybody was in our face, and it was affecting our ability to pay our employees and to run our business. Remember when Obama said, don't be going out to Las Vegas on these junkets, meaning conventions. Well, everything is changed. And we're going to ride this with this company at full speed, end of speech.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Shaun Kelley with Bank of America.
Shaun Kelley: Steve, maybe just to stick with the same kind of same thing on tax reform, but obviously there was a big impact on the company's financials literally to this quarter and some movements on, I think, deferred taxes. Could you just walk us through at a high-level sort of, what's the impact on go forward kind of cash generation by the business with tax reform for Wynn specifically? And then what is the sort of reinvestment rate you are considering or thinking about as you think about deploying some of those extra funds?
Stephen Wynn: Matt, why don't you?
Matthew Maddox: Sure. The valuation allowances is related to some deferred taxes assets that we had on our books, I think. Most companies in America are going through this exercise right now. Because as Steve pointed out, tax bill is very beneficial for everyone in the U.S. And that was really the guidance is not clear, but that was where we came out with EY and our accountants and we're going to continue to work through that over the year.
Craig Billings: It's very mechanical, Sean. So very accounting oriented. No real change in terms of our tax position, our cash tax position.
Stephen Wynn: It will save us some money.
Shaun Kelley: As that will be on a go forward basis as well, generally speaking?
Craig Billings: Yes.
Stephen Wynn: Yes.
Shaun Kelley: Great. And then maybe just to turn back to Macau then, you guys clearly characterized what you're seeing on the mass market side, which sounds exceptional and you're continuing to take share. Can you just tell us a little bit what you're seeing on the VIP side there was? I think people are surprised that the mix they saw in Q4 in terms of mass growth accelerating and VIP decelerating, are you seeing that in your business and what are your junket partners telling you right now?
Stephen Wynn: The junkets remain strong for us. The market gyrates constantly and people get nervous with a bad week. The junkets are talking very positively going forward. There is a lot of anecdotal happiness about Chinese New Year around the corner. There is a lot of money coming in. So we're looking forward to continuing strong business in the junkets and VIP and on premium mass and mass in general. And as we continue to modify Wynn Macau and Wynn Palace, we'll continue to capture more and more of the market.
Stephen Wynn: I think one of the really modern absurdities is the people that wait to see what the monthly number is from the DGIC and then immediately start play in the stocks as if they were in a casino themselves. If I can do anything constructive, I'm going to say, if anybody's interested in vesting the gaming industry, do not, do not, I repeat, bet against Macau. You will be losing your money.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your next question comes from the line of David Katz with Jefferies.
David Katz: I wanted to ask about the Palace in relation to Wynn Macau. And I recall, I guess, it was nearly two years ago, you laid out some potential scenarios where the Palace could reach a level, a certain level of EBITDA and I believe the number was about 630? Can you talk about what has changed structurally within the market or the property that we can measure against that number today? And in particular, when I look at the Wynn Macau and the margin level that it's achieving, there is still a reasonably wide differential between what the Wynn Macau is doing and the Palace? And is the Palace built and structured to achieve the same kind of margin level that Wynn Macau is over time?
Stephen Wynn: Yes. So we've answered this on the last call, but over time, we hope to get Wynn Palace to the margin levels of Wynn Macau, but what people have forgotten about very quickly is in the fall of 2016, we transferred 1,500 people from Wynn Macau to Wynn Palace. And we had a once-in-a-lifetime business opportunity to downsize without affecting the quality of the product or the service. And that helped the margins of Wynn Macau substantially 2 to 2.5 points. And eventually, Wynn Palace will build efficiency, but that's not the focus right now. The focus is on supreme guest service and experience as customers try our property. That's what we're known for. Efficiencies come later. We're driving quality right now.
David Katz: But you mentioned that we -- one stop, we could make $630 million at the Palace. Did I understand you correctly, sir?
Craig Billings: Yes, yes.
Stephen Wynn: We'll blow right through that.
David Katz: Okay. And if I may ask one follow-up? One of the questions that investors raised with us and I realize it's -- it may not be easy to answer in this forum and it may be off in the future is that there are concessions that technically expire at some point in time. Is there anything that you can share with us or tell us to help us think about in the context that we do have high confidence in Macau and the regulatory structures around it, is there anything that you can tell us and how we should think about answering that question when it comes up about concessions expiring in 2022 and in other people's cases sooner than that?
Stephen Wynn: Well, first of all, there is going to be specific guidance according to announcements, comments made by the government -- the Chief Executive in his testimony before the legislature. In calendar year '18, there will be specific guidance because one of the concessionaires expires in '20, at least on paper. However, on a larger sense, we enjoy a good deal of confidence, and we have been given reason to have confidence that our businesses will continue after the initial concession expiration dates. That confidence is based upon the kinds of conversations we have with the government. But on even a larger sense, this very situation was faced by the other special administrative region, Hong Kong. I'll remind everybody that the status of Hong Kong and Macau in the Chinese firmament is that each of those cities is a special administrative region abbreviated to SAR. And in the SAR at Hong Kong, the same situation existed much earlier than it did in Macau. The turnover took place, leases on buildings and properties expired and the central government seamlessly extended those things and accommodated a stable, stable commercial environment in Hong Kong and has done so in the transition of Macau.  The only thing that the central government of Beijing did with the transition from Portuguese Macau to its current status was to buttress and support that city and its fundamental business and roots in any way possible. The prosperity of Macau post the Chinese takeover in '99 and the pre-Mainland Chinese concession period is stark. What China stands for is stability. They don't like to disrupt things. They do like foreign investment. When we first came, I was invited to the capital to [indiscernible] where the center of power is in Beijing. And at that time, the vice premier invited my wife and I as part of their protocol to welcome foreign investment. The atmosphere in China has not changed. And Macau, we are so stitched into that community with our employees and our company that we feel comfortable in the situation. But on the other hand, we do not speak for the government nor can we affirmatively anticipate what they may do. But like anything else, judge people by their past performance. Human beings tend to have an element of consistency to their behavior. And on that basis, we're pretty relaxed about our future and spend our time, and I have encouraged as recently as last few months in meetings with the government to proceed with planning of our Phase 2 expansions. I know that Mr. Adelson feels the same way I do, because I have this conversation with Sheldon frequently. We talk about matters in Macau with MGM and with the Sands on a regular basis. And I think all three of us feel the same way. Jim Murren, Sheldon himself. I know Rob Goldstein shares our feeling on that. How about you and Ian?
Ian Coughlan: Absolutely, yes.
Stephen Wynn: I mean, you want to be really candid about this. We don't want to hold any information that we don't have. We want to share. I know how important this question is to everybody, and it should be. And Craig, any of us want to -- is Linda on the call?
Craig Billings: No. She's actually flying out here.
Unidentified Company Representative: Oh, she is on her way here? well, anyway, the boss is here.
Stephen Wynn: Is Karen here?
Unidentified Company Representative: Karen is not here. Just myself and Frederick.
Stephen Wynn: Okay, so I got Frederick and you.
Unidentified Company Representative: Matt, Craig and I.
Stephen Wynn: That's the latest and the deepest response we can give you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robin Farley with UBS.
Rebecca Stone: I want to follow up on your comments about developing the 38 acres in Vegas. You mentioned, wanting to be open as soon as possible to capture the growth there, but you also referred to it taking 2 to 3 years of design for the properties in Macau. So I guess, just wondering if you could put any rough time frame on design and any sort of preliminary thoughts about budget?
Stephen Wynn: Sure, Robin. First of all, with regard to the area known as the golf course land. DeRuyter Butler and Roger Thomas and the rest of his -- and operations have been involved with the design of the golf course for over two years already. And that led to our satisfaction and the beginning of construction. I have already started the analysis and the planning of the property across the street. The West Wynn property. And I'm here for continuing design conversations on Macau and our adjacent 11 acre developments. Sometimes things move faster than others. One of the really great things about the property, the West Wynn property, Wynn West, whatever is across street, I'm not going to call the Frontier anymore. And I'm certainly not going to call it Alon that was an important project. I'm going to say this, when you are adding to the existing 10 million feet of Wynn, you get a tremendous opportunity to piggyback many of the things that are already built because it's only a 100 feet across the street. We are going to connect with an air-conditioned umbilical hallway. We built the acceptance ramp, the platform and the escalators for that on our side of the street when we built the beach club, there is escalators and a big acceptance platform between Wynn and Encore, where we're going to connect to the property across the street. I always held the conviction that we'd end up with it. So I built the place to connect, when I built the beach club. It's there already. And so what we're going to do across the street is going to go rather quickly, because I have been giving a thought for a long time and sketching with it.  And so I don't think that the design development period is going to be very long on the Wynn West property. And the design process, the creative design process on this eastern development on the golf course has been two years in process. A lot of thought. Tremendous modeling. There were so many options on the golf course because of our water rights. So many possibilities. We exhausted all of them, especially with an eye to how we could monetize everything. Make sure that made a lot of money for us. Budgets, I think that was the last part. We have budgeted our building that's currently -- that we're doing the grading for now, our convention and meeting building that was, Matt, was it 460,000, 480,000 feet?
Matthew Maddox: 460,000 feet.
Stephen Wynn: 460,000 square feet of ballrooms, meeting rooms and convention and catering offices and that sort of thing. And our budget. And we got prices on it and we know where we stand on that. As the final budget on the lagoon is awaiting, we just finished giving a final short plan, meaning the shape and the nuance of the in and the outs, the exact final frozen shoreline shape to the people at Crystal Lagoons. When their drawing comes back, we've got a pretty clear idea what is going to cost. We will have a specific bid from our contractor for that. So as each phase of the development proceeds, we wait till we get complete working drawings. We bid the working drawings. And when we're satisfied with them, we start construction. And we don't start construction until we have a firm price based upon technical drawings of at least 80%. Robin, if you're asking me, I think your question is specific in general, we won't start any job until we have a final price based upon technical drawings. On the other hand, you're wondering if I got any idea what it's going to cost? Am I reading it right?
Robin Farley: Just a ballpark, yes.
Stephen Wynn: Well, Matt, what's our current budget on the convention building about?
Matthew Maddox: About $350 million, just for the convention building.
Stephen Wynn: Yes. And we think the lagoon is going to be somewhere between $40 million and $50 million. And that's an outside number.
Matthew Maddox: Yes.
Stephen Wynn: The 1,500 rooms, casino and the five restaurants in -- I think of the place back here is an oasis, Paradise Park is sort of an oasis. That tower, we're not ready. We haven't finished final -- we haven't given our building estimators and all that stuff for preliminary budgeting. We haven't given that number yet. The high-rise, we got a pretty good idea. I might have described through earlier in the conversation. Every single room in that hotel is a suite. They are all exactly alike, be that 1 bedroom and 2 bedrooms attached to them, connected. There are some villas on the podium roof, but basically, the whole hotel is a suite hotel. I don't think that I'm going to estimate that job yet. When we get into that, we're going to show everybody a drawing of everything. Elevations, from the west side of the street to Paradise Road. We're going to show everybody exactly how this little city works. This tremendous development opportunity that existed on the Desert Inn property. We saw it in 2000. We said we could be developing this for the next 20 years, and that's exactly what's going to happen. And it has more potential and opportunity than any other piece of property did in Las Vegas. We develop the west side of The Strip, all those hotels. I think, at one point, we've done everything, but Caesars between Spring Mountain Road and Tropicana. But that piece of property from The Strip going west to I-15 to Frank Sinatra Boulevard is 2,000 feet deep. On the east side of The Strip, where the Sands and the Desert Inn are, the distance from The Strip to Paradise Road is over 3,000 feet. And it's not backed up by a superhighway with no access, really accepted interchanges, it's backed up by the Las Vegas Visitors Convention Bureau and a major Street Paradise Road that is a straight shot into the door of the airport, which is a mile or two away. So the east side of The Strip has always been the most desirable side. It's why incidentally in the '50s, virtually every hotel was built on the east side of The Strip, not the west. It wasn't too much later when the Stardust, which came later, the Dunes and then finally, Caesars and the Last Frontier, but all of the original hotels from the Sahara to the Thunderbird to the Riviera to the Desert Inn to the Sands, everything was built on this side of the street because the property is so much deeper and has better access on all sides. Yes, I mean, I'm being pretty enthusiastic today about Las Vegas, but this is probably the first conference call we've had when our whole development ambitions have finally matured. We've kept ourselves sort of low key because we wanted to get the other side of The Strip. Now that we've completed our assembly, I'm excited and really having a good time sharing it with everybody, and we'll be doing a lot of that in the next few months.
Robin Farley: That's great. Maybe just one other question. I don't know if the tax law changes have made you think about repatriating some cash back from Macau to the U.S. Is that something that would finance some of this development? Or do you feel like you need to leave cash in Macau because there might be a large payment to be made to renew the concession? I guess, how does -- how do the recent tax law changes make your think about that cash and whether you bring it back to the U.S.?
Stephen Wynn: Robin, if you look at the footnote on our financial statement, we have always been able to bring our money back because we were in an unusual position. The only tax in Macau is an income tax based upon our gaming revenue. So we were able to get tax credit for that because we were paying the tax abroad. We got some shelter here in America. So we keep money in China to support Chinese operations, but we keep most of our money, $2.5 billion or so Matt?
Matthew Maddox: Yes.
Stephen Wynn: Around at the moment, around here. So we don't have a repatriation problem. We were rather unusual and unique company because our only tax we paid abroad was income tax. And all American companies have always got the credit for income tax paid abroad. So we didn't accumulate enormous money abroad as some of the bigger companies have done. Mike, do you want to add anything to that?
Unidentified Company Representative: No, I would just add, Robin, as a general rule, we tend not to keep a bunch of excess cash at any of our operating subsidiaries in Las Vegas or the properties in Macau either. So we patriate that and we would anticipate continuing to do so.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line for Harry Curtis with Nomura.
Harry Curtis: A quick follow-up on Macau. Steve, your comments about developing the 11 acres. Any initial thoughts on the interactions between you and the government on the mix between gaming, non-gaming? And what are you trying to accomplish there?
Stephen Wynn: That's a really good question. I love it. As Ian said, we focus on a certain part of the market, and we love the niche that we occupy. We are comfortable we have had decades of experience there. The property on the south side of our development sits in full view of MGM and SJM. They look down on it. Our water feature and Lake are in the middle. And there is this big piece of property on the south side. It is my intention, with the approval and cooperation of my colleagues, and when I say it's my intention, this is a position I have come to at the urging of my colleagues. It did not initiate with me. But we have decided that we want to create a structure, and this is a non-gaming structure primarily, where every condition in the building, and we're not talking about a lot of rooms, we're talking about relatively few on the grand scale of things, a few hundred. Every room is special with terraces, courtyards, balconies, experiences from a guest point of view that are fantasy-like.  We are taking the position that if we ask people to journey to us and forgo our neighbors that we have to give them a very powerful reason to do so. So we intend to plant this low-slung building of 5 or 6 stories or something like that, and that could change by 1 or 2. We intend to plant this building. I think MGM in Las Vegas and I guess, in Macau, they -- years ago, they come up with the idea of the mansion. It was a very lovely building in Las Vegas with an atrium and 20-odd rooms. And it's been very successful for them, and I know they're going to use that in Macau as well. We are taking that idea of a fantasy-like enclave of special rooms with accompanying food and beverage facilities that are experiential in a way that has not yet been tried in the hospitality business in the world. That's pretty puffy language. And ordinarily you'd discount most of it, but maybe if you consider the source of this company, we have a track record of trying things like that and pulling it off. And I assure you that we know exactly where we're going. And we think that the only place in the world so perfectly suited for this is Macau. Perfectly suited, an opportunity of a lifetime to create an enclave. I'm sure there will be some gambling in it. Rooms for people to play. You know the market, the gaming capacity of the hotels is allowed to grow at a compound rate of 3%...
Unidentified Company Representative: Yes, I mean, it seems sort of a tight squeeze when we all opened up a few years ago. But that pressure is off because when SJM and MGM opened, that's pretty much the story. The normal increase in the growth of the tables will allow us to have much equipment as we need. Remember I also told you '16 that we had enough equipment to make the money we needed. You see our business doesn't depend on thousands of tables. Our business depends on the quality of our guests. And we're going to use our real estate to show some people some new moves. And the idea of doing something like that is really exciting for us. It turns us on. And that's why everybody is here.
Harry Curtis: Just as a quick follow-up. Are you getting initial inputs from the government? Any guidance on what they'd like to see as well?
Stephen Wynn: Sure. They are interested in broadening the invitation of the whole city, number one. And number two, they are interested in having the highest possible amount of advancement for local citizens within the hospitality industry. And I would say probably the second thing I mentioned may even eclipse or trump the first, the idea that the local population benefits both in carrier opportunity as well as money and living standard is a recurrent theme there, which we have recognized. We're the only company where every single company of ours is a shareholder of 1,000 shares at least. So when we say that we're going to build new hospitality accommodations that are really one-offs in the world, that appeals to them, oh, Macau will have something that no other city has. And that's really the grove that I love being in and the gang that I'm hanging with, we all love that. I mean, Ian can speak for himself, but...
Ian Coughlan: I'm fully behind that.
Stephen Wynn: Remember, we recruited the Senior President of our operations in China from the Peninsula Hotel. I mean, that's a tip off right there. We didn't go looking at Motel 6 a long time ago. I mean, when we look for a guy that we could take, a man already in senior leadership. I mean, if you're the General Manager of the Peninsula in Hong Kong, even if you went to Cornell or Northwest or UNLV hotel school, and you have worked for Ritz-Carlton,  Mandarin Oriental, Four Seasons, Peninsula, if you work for any of those highline hospitality companies, when all those kinds of dudes get together, whoever is the GM of the Peninsula in Hong Kong is sort of the guy whose ring they kiss, I mean, that's like big status among that fraternity. And Ian had opened -- had been the Resident Manager. And then when Peninsula in Bangkok needed first aided, they sent him there and it became a big hit. When he came back, he was the GM of Peninsula, that's a long time ago. Resort gaming business now. That's what we're, so the local government likes us doing this kind of....
Stephen Wynn: Thank you, everyone. That's the end of the conference call today.
Operator: This does conclude today's conference. We thank you for your participation, and also that you please disconnect your lines.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-10-26 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Stephen Wynn - Chairman and CEO Craig Billings - CFO Ian Coughlan - President, Wynn Macau, Limited and Wynn Resorts (Macau), S.A. Maurice Wooden - President, Wynn Las Vegas, LLC Matt Maddox - President
Analysts: Thomas Allen - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Stephen Grambling - Goldman Sachs Joe Greff - JPMorgan Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank Shaun Kelley - Bank of America David Katz - Telsey Advisory Group Robert Rossi - UBS
Operator: Good afternoon ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the Wynn Resorts' Third Quarter 2017 Earnings Call. My name is Ronnie, and I will be your conference operator today. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I would now like to turn the conference over to Craig Billings, Chief Financial Officer. Sir, the floor is yours.
Craig Billings: Thank you, operator. Good afternoon, everyone. On the call today with me in Las Vegas are Steve Wynn, Matt Maddox and Maurice Wooden. Also on the line are other members of our management from Macau, Las Vegas and Boston. I want to remind everyone on the call that we will be making forward-looking statements under Safe Harbor Federal Securities Laws and those statements may or may not come true. I will now turn the call over to Mr. Wynn.
Stephen Wynn: Hello. Well, you see the numbers they sort of speak for themselves. I guess, four of us are very happy that Las Vegas had the best third quarter in its existence since 2005 and we're particularly happy, because our non-casino revenue was so strong. And it's the predicate for the development of the golf course, which we'll be talking about today. And we're very happy with the progress of Macau. When we began building the plaza, the Palace rather and we told everybody about it. Matthew mentioned that we're going to trying get to the 1.3 billion, 1.4 billion with those two places. And we would go to from 3 million a day, when we started heading -- my goal was to get to 4 million, I'll be happy with that, before we add more stuff in Cotai, which we will. We will be adding more rooms and things like that as we go along. But we got it to 3.5 million. We've been moving every quarter. In October, we're at 4 million, a little better than 4 million a day, because we had a holiday in the month. But we're very happy with the progress. When we started, we had 9% of the market with one hotel, the Wynn Encore, 1,000 rooms downtown and now we have 16% of the market. Our ability to capture market share is clearly established and that in a manner of speaking sets us apart at least on that kind of a metric for perhaps some of the other places. At any rate, in our own closed world, we're happy with that. Again, I remind everybody that the problems that have beset the Cotai neighborhood that we are in exist as we speak. We have construction on four sites. We own the whole square, there is four roads that surround our 50 odd yard acres and the SJM is not scheduled to open till next year, that's our south side. MGM is scheduled to open some time. The hurricane set them back a little bit. But they are three or four months away from full operation, I would imagine or maybe they will open in part. But they are on our west side. And so is the monorail station, which is still not complete, but I'm happy to say that the city and the builders of the light rail are hard at it, they're doing the street, they've got the bridge open, they're going to -- the cars are about to be tested in the next several weeks the vehicles themselves. And they're headed for a 19 completion maybe they will do better, but perhaps the most egregious part of the blockade, the interference will begin to disappear as we go into the next quarter. We're hopeful of that. And the light rail, of course is on our north side as well. All of this has constrained the traffic flow into the Palace. And you can look at this two ways. You could say it's been a tough break for us to have to live with this, our first year of operation. On the other hand we're doing very well, and it portends a better -- even a better result as our neighbors get up and running and we have the benefit of their connections. And we will be building connections to them that are pedestrian safe, but we got to wait until they get finished with their own work. So that describes my view at least. Maurice is here to talk about Las Vegas. Craig and Matt can talk about the more particulars if you're interested. And then we finally find ourselves at the decision point after two years of design development on the golf course. One of the things that's been so fantastic about this development behind us is there were so many choices because we have a 1000-acre field of water that came with the Desert Inn Water Company. We have this remarkable proximity to our neighbor the Sands Expo Center and of course we have immediate proximity to the Las Vegas Convention Bureau. I think cumulated that's over 5 million almost 6 million feet of exhibit space, one of the largest conglomerations of exhibit space on the planet, and they're adjacent to us on two sides. We're going to play into that wonderful proximity with our development. But I'll give you a chance to answer questions, because I'm sure you have some and then maybe we'll flow into the other discussion. Go ahead take questions Matt. Do we have a call? Have we lost our connection?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Thomas Allen.
Thomas Allen: Good afternoon. So just -- so great results in Vegas and a great ramp at Palace, if we're going to have to nitpick they are going to point to Wynn Macau where it seems like you've lost some market share. Can you just discuss performance of that perhaps a little bit? Thank you.
Stephen Wynn: If someone wants to nitpick, they are free to do it. Ian do you want to comment on -- we look at this one place.
Ian Coughlan: Wynn Macau maintained market share. And if you look at the Peninsula in general, there has been a gravitational pull to Cotai and that has been dropping off while it's been growing as a market. But Wynn Macau continues to do more than a fair market share downtown. It continues to be the market leader. It came off a very, very high comparison with quarter two. But if you look at quarter one, quarter three and four last year and it had good growth. And there have been a lot of discussion about cannibalization of Wynn Macau, and there hasn't been cannibalization. And it's just getting compared to a very, very strong second quarter. If we look at October month-to-date it's bounced right back. So we're very happy with Wynn Macau.
Stephen Wynn: So much for nitpicking. Next?
Thomas Allen: Steve you brought up the golf course can you elaborate on that a little bit? Thank you.
Stephen Wynn: Two years of design development, lot of choices, we finally settled the golf course for the sake of the golfers, [bows] out on December 22nd, earth moving, tree moving and I guess you could call it construction of the buildings begins the day after New Year's on January 3rd, I think it is on Tuesday this year. And we're moving trees and doing the grading of the property so that we can get started with the foundation on the 450,000 odd feet of exhibit space. And then when we get finished with the convention of the jewelry show in June, or the end of May we will be demolishing the North Villas where the 1,500 room high rise is going to go, and the casino and the restaurants and the notion, this lagoon is 1,600 feet long and 650 to 750 feet wide. And it's surrounded by a boardwalk that's a mile long. And along this boardwalk on the north and the south side to the north which is towards Desert Inn Road. Just for those of you who are familiar with this building, when you're in the Wynn Hotel and you look at the golf course you're looking from west to east. The strip is the west, Desert Inn Road is north, Sands Road is south and Paradise Road is the eastern boundary of our property. The lake goes from just past the Fairway Villas, the lake goes 1,600 feet to the east and it has an irregular shape. It has the first seven to nine acres is waisted like an hourglass from 600 or 700 feet down to 250, there's a pavilion on the south where all the big convention building is for outdoor events that's over 30,000 feet with a roof and columns although it's open to the outside air. That's an outside, in addition to 450,000 that 30,000 feet is an outside pavilion because we have a lot of events that want outdoors. And opposing the pavilion is another little promontory that comes out, that's a carousel that's a 103 feet in diameter and the horses go and you go on this carousel by walking on the -- from the boardwalk out on a finger dock. And you can step on to the carousel on a 20 foot wide finger and the carousel goes around and there are booths, you know the pollen booths alternating with horses going up and down. There're two rows of those and the center is a bar and 330 degrees of this carousel are out in the water, this bar rotates with the music and as a classic carousel and it poses with this beautiful lit roof, the pavilion on the other side. And then there are a number of other things that we call in "midway". We have decided to take the theme of carnival and turn it on its edge and make a series of attractions and interactive experiences that in some ways have their roots in what all of us grew up with carnivals, but are not really that, they're far more. For example, the notion of bumper cars, remember that when you were a kid. Imagine that there are a whole lineup of bumper cars like in a pit in the Indianapolis. You get into the bumper car, but the entire skin is LED lights that are controlled by a system that is linked through contact with the car. So that -- and then we have this rally every 10 or 15 minutes. And you go around and around in these cars and if you touch another car it triggers an enormous audio response and an electrical response. So all of these cars are flashing and exploding in color and making crash and explosive noises. Now you go around this oval, and if you win, you get a price. But there are three Keystone Cups that have their bumper cars, which are dressed up like police cars with flashing red lights and they are in costume. And if you get in the lead, they smash into you and cause tremendous crashes. So in order to win the rally, you have to overcome our policemen and our traffic cops. Anyway, it's bedlam in audio visual interaction. Now I give you that one example and there are a number of others. Because it's the notion of carnival, but also we've taken the word carnival and we have put an E on the end as they do in Rio de Janeiro and its Carnivale sort of high [saluting] way of saying that. Because every night at the far eastern end on the southern eastern end there is a ramp that goes to a building of 40,000 odd feet that is our housing for our floats. And we have taking the notion of Carnivale and Rio and with the help of a number of wonderful consultants and collaborators like Michael Curry, who did the puppets for Lion King and has done work for us in Macau with our Golden Tree, the Lake of Dreams here. We have these floats, these 10 or 12 floats that come out in an audio visual parade every night right after dark. And that parade is a musical and visual extravaganza, but it's not the Rose Bowl parade. It's a much edgier kind of thing with huge spiders with spider webs and King Kong and the Devil and these things are 25 or 30 feet tall and they're animated. But what's wonderful is that people 10 or 12 people can pay and be part of that parade and get on the floats. They're self-motivated floats. They can drive down the ramp with wheels and then they can work through the water with their propulsion system. But any way, there is a kind of a parade every night. There are zip lines and fireworks and a host of other things that populate the boardwalk. But it does leave 40 or 50 or 60 acres of undeveloped property at the far east and north towards the convention center for development in the future as we go forward with several applicants or possibilities that are already in negotiation with us. But Phase 1 of our convention center and our hotel and our casino and our restaurants and all that sort of thing that goes along with the full scale destination hotel. This building on the north, where the North Villas are now is a 47-story 1,500 room hotel, with a new room idea that we've come up with that I think is going to be very well received. And there are suites and there is villas, there is all kinds of that kind of stuff. And everything looks over the lake, and the boardwalk and everything is interactive. That's sort of the way it is. I think probably sometime this spring maybe I have another conference and show everybody the final model of what we'll be building at the time. It's taken us some months of delightful design development to work through and get to the options that would be easy to monetize. And it's like any other creative process. It's sequential and you'll get to the best part towards the end of the process. And we're happy with where we are, so we're ready to start building stuff. And we'll put budget numbers and all of that sort of thing on probably in the next 90 days. The Board of Directors is going to see it in a week. And all of us in management have signed up on it, so we're very happy. And we're ready to go on some of the buildings. As I say we've -- we're in final stages of getting our building permit to get going. We should be in hard construction by April, March or April I would say. After we move these trees and the earth -- the site Las Vegas is the whole valley here slopes from west to east downhill 1 foot per 100. So the strip is a 2,075 the Paradise Road is 2,045. You can't see a 1% drop, but its 30 feet down across the length of our golf course. You could see it if you go to Bellagio, you come into the backdoor of Bellagio on grade, but if you go to the nightclub they call Hyde, you can look down on the water and you could see that the strip is lower. So we had to pick a level that where we wouldn't have to bring in thousands of truckloads of dirt or take out thousands of truckloads of dirt which would then add to a lot of costs. And the water level is at elevation 2,060, the boardwalk is at 2,062. Wynn the hotel and Encore are at 2,086 because we have back of the house below the casino. So you'll be looking down on the boardwalk about 20 feet and that allows us to have boardwalk buildings that are below the casino level and below the hotel level. And I think that's probably enough information for now. It maybe was more than you wanted.
Thomas Allen: No, sounds amazing. I'll let my peers ask more questions, I'm sure. Thank you.
Stephen Wynn: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Stephen Grambling with Goldman Sachs.
Stephen Grambling: Hey, thanks for all the details there. Maybe shifting back to Macau, one of your competitors mentioned some reinvestment is required as the market has matured. Are you seeing any change in the competitive behavior in Macau? And what's your perspective on additional growth opportunities in that market?
Stephen Wynn: It was matter of fact it was Sheldon Adelson and I spoke to him, because I saw that announcement and it was interesting. It shows how progressive and how dedicated to doing the right thing all of us are. Here is a case where Sheldon and his staff want to make [provision] better and update anything that they find that's weak or that could be better. And what's fascinating is that today in Macau, an operator as big as The Sands, says okay, we're going to do something and improve something and if we have to spend a $1 billion we've got that much faith in the future of the market. I was glad to see it, so much so that I called Sheldon and talked to him about it, and he was elaborating on it to me. So it's a good thing. It shows that we never -- you know in our business sort of like the theme park business, if you're not growing you're shrinking. If you're not getting better you're slipping. It's a capital intensive business, but what's wonderful about our business is those capital investments are well rewarded. For example, this year we closed after the final four last year in March. The next morning we closed the whole north end of the casino where the race sports book were located and our delicatessen Zoozacrackers. We closed it off spent $11 million and then opened it up the day of the exhibition games in August. New screens of the most advanced kind, a brand new restaurant called Charlie's, new bar, new everything, brightened and opened the whole north end of this casino for $11 million. Well we've now assessed it for several months. It looks like we're going to increase our EBITDA by 5 million. Now when we keep a couple of billion dollars in the bank, we can make 2% maybe, but when we can invest in our own business and have a return of 40%-50% actually double digit returns there's no comparable use of our money. We have a dividend program, but the same thing happened when we moved poker over to Encore and turned Botero into Jardin. There we invested 5 million and we made an extra 1.5 million in EBITDA. So like The Sands, in this case they're doing it on a rather larger scale. We invest in our own business continually to give our guests a better experience and it's a good investment.
Stephen Grambling: Very helpful, I'll jump back in the queue, thanks so much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joe Greff with JPMorgan.
Joe Greff: Hello everybody. Two questions, one can you talk about what trends, what kind of recovery levels that you're seeing in Las Vegas? We've heard comments obviously from LVS last night and Caesars made some comments about Asian play earlier in the week. And then my second question for Craig, if you could just give us the [hold] adjusted EBITDA for the properties in Macau and Las Vegas that'd be helpful? Thank you.
Stephen Wynn: We don't have any, the hold adjustments are not really significant here.
Craig Billings: 10 to 15 in Macau.
Stephen Wynn: Yeah. There're not significant so.
Craig Billings: At Wynn Macau you can see the 3.37% VIP holdout adjustments between 10 million to 15 million.
Joe Greff: And at Las Vegas?
Stephen Wynn: Two or three, nothing serious. It's just that we had -- we've had all those business before. You know, we've always been the principal recipient of international high end business and it's verily true in the pit with the table games. It's true about the hotel and the restaurants, it's the kind of clientele we have, and it's one of the good things about running a sort of a higher end operation. There's good news and bad news of course with every segment in the market but we've enjoyed this kind of international play for a long time, starting in 1989 with The Mirage and we haven't really lost that in spite of whatever location we've been at since Mirage, Bellagio and then it came over to Wynn and Encore. So it's really nothing new to us. We changed our business plan three years ago in July '14 was it, Maurice?
Maurice Wooden: Yes. It was '14.
Stephen Wynn: '14 in July. We lost $150 million in Wynn, when the campaign of corruption came in Macau. We lost $150 million in Las Vegas, which was about $40 million, $30 million in those days of EBITDA. Well, Maurice Wooden and I and the gang we all sat down and we redid our business plan. No one had changed the price of gambling in 50 years in spite of the increase of cost of running the business. But we thought it was time to take another look at it. It involved changing the location of the equipment on the floor. Primary locations, we put higher yielding equipment. Secondary locations, we put in lower yielding destination things. We took the crap table from in front of the elevator put it over on the side, we put higher yield games. We took 50% of our blackjack and went 6 to 5 on blackjack instead of 3 to 2. We went to double odds instead of a higher multiple of odds, unless someone was playing in a high limit game. We took away the casino block from the hotel and instead of the casino out in the block, they had to good back. The hotel had the block to sell for cash and the casino had to ask for the rooms. We stopped giving discounts in craps and blackjack or any other exceptional promotional allowances. We changed the criteria from average bet and linked the play in all those traditional metrics that casino marketing people for decades have -- half a century have run hotels and we went to EBITDA per foot with a cold blooded attitude that promotional allowances would only be issued on current play, not on what you did last trip or the trip before, but what was your activity now. And we told our customers, look, if you want to say you will be treated like a prince, just give us your credit card. We treat everybody that way. But if you expect to get free room, free food or any of those things, we're just a business and it's based upon if you gamble at a level that's acceptable well then of course we won't charge you for your dinner or your hotel room. But if you don't, don't expect us to give it away free. Now that's a soft way of putting it, but I assure you that the applications hurt as hard as a diamond. We don't [con] people that don't play, period. And therefore, our margin on table games, which historically has been below 20 in this city, it's 50. We had the same margin with table games virtually now as you do with slot machines and our rooms. So maybe we have a little less business, but we sent a lot of non-productive customers over to our neighbors. And because we love our customers, we send them over to our neighbor in a Rolls Royce.
Maurice Wooden: And Joe the first part of your question is like everybody we saw increasing cancellations, et cetera, after the event. But we are pretty much back to normal booking trends here at Wynn for the end of this year through next year.
Stephen Wynn: Actually one of the groups that cancelled was 200 rooms, they rebooked at a different date.
Maurice Wooden: Yeah.
Stephen Wynn: So if you're going to ask us what effect did the tragedy at Mandalay have on us, none that, we can measure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Carlo Santarelli with Deutsche Bank.
Carlo Santarelli: Hey guys good afternoon. My question is for Ian or Karen whoever maybe available to answer. But it seems as though you guys kind of hit your stride on the mass floor at Palace in the period. Obviously your role -- both role and revenue were up mid to high-teens. Obviously slots were up nicely on a sequential basis. Could you talk a little bit about maybe the experience there and is this more just a function of obviously maybe some seasonality, but also kind of hitting your stride getting a better sense for who your customers are and what's really having the impact there that allowed you to outperform the market?
Stephen Wynn: And mention the new construction of the Red 8 and what a big deal that is. Go ahead.
Ian Coughlan: So this is Ian, at Wynn Palace you're seeing the fruits of our labor in terms of the first half of the year. And we were looking to gain momentum particularly in the mass casino and we've done a lot of reworking of services in the mass casino, we've changed a lot of our player programs. We haven't overinvested compared to our competitors, but we've been very focused on service levels and introducing new players. And players get sticky over a couple of visits. It takes times like Chinese New Year to make Golden Week to introduce new players and make them comfortable with the property. And we're seeing the benefits of all that work in the first half of the year. We've also significantly ramped up events at the property. We're holding concerts on a monthly basis and we've introduced at Wynn Macau also. And that brings in a lot of players. We do events for up to 1,000 people and we do a lot of food and beverage events associated with the casino. So it's really, in addition to the market lifting, we're also gaining momentum from the initiatives we put in place. We continue to work on new food and beverage offers. We opened Buns & Bubbles in the late summer which is a mid-entry point offer for families. It's got indoor, outdoor dining space of our retail outlet. So that's proven to be very, very successful. And we have a number of other projects coming up primarily Red 8 which will open -- the new Red 8 in just before Chinese New Year 2018. Some other family section as well, it's a larger restaurant with presentation cooking. The existing Red 8 space will be re-conceptualized of the casino into a caf. We also have a fast piece of pasta restaurant coming in our retail arcade. So we're really focusing in the customers that are in the building providing them with more variety in food and beverage experience.
Carlo Santarelli: Great, thank you that was really helpful. And one thing you guys didn't mention on the call and maybe your feel is it didn't really play much into the quarter, but obviously that the typhoon was a bigger deal assumingly on the Peninsula than it was on Cotai. I'm assuming everything is kind of back to normal at the property today. But any kind of color you can give on maybe the impact that might have had at Peninsula over the period?
Ian Coughlan: It would certainly, I'm sorry. 
Stephen Wynn: I just said for example we closed the Macau the original 600 room tower for a period, you go ahead Ian.
Ian Coughlan: So it had a much bigger impact in Downtown Macau just because of the nature of Downtown Macau being the older part of the city that was less prepared and Cotai features a lot of new properties which didn't have as much damage as Downtown. We had a lot of services that were cut off Downtown. Clearly the focus was on taking care of residents and areas like the hospitals, et cetera, in terms of power supply and water supply. So we were affected Downtown, more off the image of Macau was affected for a period of time and that did affect bookings, we had tour groups that were essentially cut off from Macau for nearly two weeks, so we did see an impact. It's hard to quantify what it means in EBITDA terms but there definitely was a lull probably for two to three weeks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Shaun Kelley with Bank of America.
Shaun Kelley: Hi good afternoon. Ian maybe we could stick with the same kind of line of questioning but wanted to dig in a little bit more on the gaming operation side as you are key to ramp up Palace. Any kind of things that you could tell us about what you're doing either on the junket relationship side or how you're configuring the mix between premium mass and grinder base mass right now in terms of to what you saw in terms of player behavior in the quarter and how you can really see the building ramping from here?
Ian Coughlan: Well taking mass first, the lift in mass will be in all segments of mass, and as a consequence of the growing market and all the initiatives I described earlier. On the junket side it's kind of a situation where the players within the junkets are demanding to come to Wynn and we're seeing the benefit of that and junket played roles as the property matures and gets older and people become more comfortable with it. Interestingly we had a lot of strong junket interest at Wynn Macau also where we have a couple of new junkets that are interested in joining us and we've got expansion of the existing junkets. So the junket world is very stable, the growth is very measured and we're getting the benefit of it being having two properties that cater to the higher end of the market.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Katz with Telsey Advisory Group.
David Katz: Good afternoon everyone, Steve you've been -- you had been after the tragic events in Las Vegas you know made some commentary about issues such as security and the like and I appreciate your comments that business is back to normal and so it seems as being present in the market at that point in time. Have you made any changes or has the industry or the Strip as a group had any discussions about you know preparedness or security going forward you know that would -- that we could know about?
Stephen Wynn: Short answer is yes, I believe that the self consciousness about security has been continuous with all of the operators in Las Vegas for some time. Now the nature and the particular nuance of each of these companies' reactions to the threat, I'm not an expert on. I know what we did here because as one of my competitors described it, Wynn is paranoid and two years ago between Thanksgiving and Christmas we had a series of repeated consultations with consultants including Greg Kelly from New York, the people from SEAL Team, from the development group, SEAL Team 6 as they are known to some people, a lot of people came. We beat the bushes to find out everything that was -- that we could throw at this problem to harden this as a target. With the idea that someone was looking at the hotel, they would see that we had meet the threat level on a number of ways and they'd move on someplace else, because this would be a tough place to survive from more than 3 minutes if you had a gun on you. That included every door, profiling, dog sniffers, all the stuff and it become operational in the 1st of May, the end of April of '16. Since then we invested all this money, it was close to 6 million or 7 million a year beyond our normal security. For payroll equipment and all kinds of -- without going into details, we did an awful lot of stuff that we never ever would have thought we would have to do. Because I personally felt that we were exposed. And that we should send a clear message that there was very little chance of being unnoticed in this building. Now having said that, we knew this particular fellow that did the shooting at Mandalay, he has been a customer here since '06, first started coming, we first picked him up on our records as a typical slot player with a modest credit limit of $50,000. And I got to interview -- and in the last three years been coming frequently with this lady companion of his and I interviewed -- I had a chance to interview the people in the high limit slot area, he plays video poker, he did. At a $20,000, $30,000 level and he never owed a dime. He had a $50,000 credit card. He doesn't owe a dime in Las Vegas. He played Mandalay and Caesars and here. He was a winner at Mandalay. He was a loser over the six or seven or eight years here. But he never owed any money. He didn't meet the profile of a problem gambler or any like that. He was a very controlled person. And he and his lady ate dinner and played the poker with the slot machines in a high limit room before in the afternoon and they went to dinner tipped very well, went -- played after dinner, went to bed. They were served by people in this organization over a period of years and can only be described as the most vanilla, unexciting, totally typical couple that has ever walked in this building. When I interviewed the employees that knew them, they were stunned, mystified, that the person they knew could have been a person that tried to assassinate hundreds and thousands of people and succeeded in killing 58 of them. My employees were stunned. We looked for and the police in [indiscernible] looking for a motive and can't find it. And it's a super fine kind of event. One of the young men that works for me outside the room Tyler Tracy took one in the shoulder and one in his back. Fortunately he's home and up on his feet, but he got shot twice. Both of the employees that were wounded are back are going to survive and be healthy and not have any long-term consequences. The industry is getting together. We're taking complete inventory of all the damage that was done to the people there. We want to separate minor injuries that were done as people ran, from people who actually took fire or got seriously trampled. The gaming industry is taking a complete inventory of what -- of the damage done to humanity and the people that have long-term disability and life changing problems, so that we can give some help to them that's real in long-term. And we're sort of operating as a group, some of us talking to one another like the Sands and MGM. And but, we have nothing to add to the explanation of why this maniac did what he did, other than he just had a screw loose that snapped or something. But is that -- what other hotels are doing, I am sure that in every executive suite up and down The Strip and in Reno and everywhere else and in hotels around the country, everybody is trying to figure out is there a way to use local parlance to lower the odds of a repeat. I know that even at the level we're operating on for past two years, Matt Maddox is sitting next to me, told me that yesterday he spent the afternoon in a discussion with some technology people that showed him an extraordinary thing that we could do that was unknown to us about what technology will allow in identifying without actually walking through a metal detector. But stuff they can identify what's on a person and identify where it is on a person on television. My guess is this sort of thing and vendors that sell this sort of equipment are going to a good investment if you're a stock bigger. Matt do you want to mention it?
Matthew Maddox: Yeah, I think you're right. The technology is getting there and it's catching up. So I think that everybody will be looking to enhance security with better technology.
Stephen Wynn: We had a program for training our employees for two years; room service, housekeeping, audio-visual people that go and fix the TV or touch screen. They've all been trained for two years. They inspect the rooms, they look at the people. We profile everybody. We sniff the baggage in the baggage room. We don't interfere with people that have pull-along luggage when they come in, we just watch them and look at them and think about them. And if there is anything about them that meets our various criteria, they're immediately tagged and followed and observed. We have a whole routine that we do here that's transparent as far as a guest is concerned but highly articulated on our side. Now if you're a bad guy and you were looking at the vulnerability of this hotel, you'd probably spot a lot of the things that we're doing. And that's okay with us. It's all right if they see what we're doing in part. Maybe that's a good thing. But we don't flaunt it, it's just there.
David Katz: Thank you for that. And if I can just ask one brief follow-up with respect to the development on the golf course and the detail thus sound exciting as expected. When we think about what that project can do in and of itself in terms of revenue and profits, apart from what it does in driving business to the property, against the existing property. Can you talk about the different elements of it that will be revenue and profit centers in and of themselves within it? Yeah, thank you.
Stephen Wynn: The hotel that I described has 1,500 rooms, that's a complete -- it's not just a tower we're adding. It is a complete -- we're arguing about the final naming of it, as we speak but it is a complete destination hotel. It has spas, suites, restaurants, gaming, entertainment, showrooms, all that stuff and in addition it's on the water, on the boardwalk with all of that attraction and [its] things that I described that go from zip lines to a carnival parades and midway and convention facilities. The 1,500 rooms has its own convention component, in addition to the 450,000 foot building that's going on the Sands side and the 30,000 odd outdoor pavilion that's going on the Sands side. The hotel on the north side is a complete destination hotel, so it's a profit center unto itself, and of course it's connected very conveniently. If you look at the -- and you will all know it when you see it, we have a tower on the north called Encore and a tower on the south called Wynn. The new tower is dead in the middle of them. If you were to walk down to showroom, walk down the hallway towards the Encore showroom and you go straight ahead you'd be right in the lobby. So this new tower, this new hotel is dead in the middle of the other two, and the whole 1,500 rooms is closer to our convention facilities than the two existing buildings are. But it has its own convention facilities, meeting rooms, ballroom, and the full complement of things you would expect to find if you're building a free standing hotel. So it's a profit center. And the boardwalk and all of its attractions support all three buildings but also the residual real estate that is adjacent to the boardwalk, takes on an enormously enhanced value per acre and is very attractive. Imagine being able to develop on the boardwalk, on the water with its beach and its parades and water attractions and lake surfing and all the boating thing, imagine that and being directly across the street from the Las Vegas Convention Bureau. How good a location is that? Or how about being directly across the street from the Sands Expo Center? How about being directly across the street from the new forum that they're getting ready to build? We've been in meetings with the folks from Madison Square Garden, the Venetian and those folks have reached agreement. They're getting ready to start construction there. They're in the process of getting building and going through that sort of thing. This whole complex of ours is intensely surrounded by major attractions. That Madison Square Garden attraction is 18,000 theatrical seats, it's not another arena for hockey or basketball. It is Irving Azoff and Dolan's idea like the forum in LA as the major entertainment venue for Las Vegas. And that is directly across from us face to face on the street and we own the corner, we own both corners that surround the Madison Square Garden construction. So all of this stuff is going to become very interactive, between now and 2020 and 2021, be a lot going on here. Not to mention the football stadium, not to mention the fact that finally it appears as if our resort world is going forward with the construction of their resort that was on the side of the former Stardust Hotel. I'm sure that someday something will happen on that frontier property across from us. Even though it sort of stumbled for the past several years, I would imagine that somebody will pick it up and do something constructive with it. It will be happy to hook-up with a bridge of they want to. So I'm feeling really great about Las Vegas for the next 20 years. And my company intends -- my Board of Directors is committed to maximizing the non-casino touristic profile of this complex known Wynn in the next five years. We'll be in construction continually. A lot of this stuff will come on within the next 18, 19 months, hopefully. But there will be things happening in my view until 2021 sequentially. That's not to mention, if somebody shows up that wants to make a deal with us on some of our other property that is on the boardwalk. That too much information for everybody today?
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Robin Farley with UBS.
Robert Rossi: Hi guys. This is [Rossi] on for Robin. Just a couple of quick questions for me. On Macau, this is maybe more for Ian, what you are seeing on the promotional side for higher end play in Cotai and Peninsula and do you expect any changes to that dynamic in 2018 with new competition?
Ian Coughlan: I think everybody has seen [very] measures, as Studio City, if you arrived in the Studio City [indiscernible] that people didn't shift off their investment rights, it's been very steady both Downtown in the Peninsula and in Cotai.
Robert Rossi: And then just outside of that, can you talk a little bit about Japan and your thoughts on that opportunity?
Stephen Wynn: Maddox.
Matthew Maddox: Sure. So it looks like the political environment is continuing to be -- it's stable now after this last election. And we think that there is gaining momentum for the IR Legislation for sometime next year. We also know that once legislation is passed, there is a long process of setting everything up. So we are monitoring it carefully and spending time there developing relationships and over the next couple of years, I think we'll understand the potential opportunity.
Operator: And there are no more questions at this time.
Stephen Wynn: Thanks everybody. Talk to you in the next quarter. I appreciate your time.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-07-25 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Craig S. Billings - Wynn Resorts Ltd. Stephen Alan Wynn - Wynn Resorts Ltd. Ian Michael Coughlan - Wynn Macau Ltd. Matthew O. Maddox - Wynn Resorts Ltd.
Analysts: Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc. Joseph R. Greff - JPMorgan Securities LLC Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Thomas G. Allen - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Shaun C. Kelley - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Robin M. Farley - UBS Securities LLC Harry Curtis - Nomura Instinet
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Jennifer, and I'll be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Second Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. Thank you. And I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Craig Billings, Chief Financial Officer. Sir, you may begin.
Craig S. Billings - Wynn Resorts Ltd.: Thank you, operator. Good afternoon, everyone. On the call today with me in Las Vegas are Steve Wynn, Matt Maddox, Kim Sinatra and Maurice Wooden. Also on the line are other members of management from Macau, Las Vegas and Boston. I want to remind everyone on the call that we will be making forward-looking statements under Safe Harbor Federal Securities laws and those statements may or may not come true. I'll now turn the call over to Mr. Wynn.
Stephen Alan Wynn - Wynn Resorts Ltd.: Well, everybody has seen our numbers and I'll confine my remarks to the most relevant points that I can think of at the moment. Construction in Boston has been  our job has been bought out. The budget is fixed. The work is now approximately 11.5 months old. We are a little ahead of schedule. We are on budget. We're very happy with our builder and that project is moving quickly towards completion in April and May of 2019. And we're very optimistic about that situation and delighted with progress to date. The results in Macau need a little interpretation. A whole percentage was high in one hotel and low in the other, but what is clear is that things are moving along. Our VIP business has picked up in both hotels and the mid-market is growing. We still suffer the walk-in, the dislocation of our walk-in potential because of the extreme construction that surrounds us. There are two things about the construction that are worth noting. We concluded our financial agreement with Leighton Construction when we opened the hotel last August 22. However, we retained 100 or more million dollars to finish work yet to be completed and any defects. Leighton has accepted complete responsibility for that. They struggled a little bit with their own control of the job, but as a result, as they fixed things that had to be fixed and finished. We have taken 180 or more rooms out during the week, each of the past several weeks, and we get them back up on weekends but we've had them down a week. We think this clean-up operation, this completion that Leighton was obliged to perform, that phase is coming to an end by the end of August, which interestingly enough is a year after the place was opened, which gives you some notion of the complexity of these massive integrated resorts and what it takes to really polish them off. It had no financial impact on us in terms of our relationship to Leighton. That had been concluded. And there were more than adequate funds in the retention to cover it. But it did impact our performance by taking rooms out during the week and certain other discomforts that are associated with the fact that you still have a builder on the property. We're hoping that will come to an end at the end of August and September. But the second part of the construction aspect of the conversation has to do with our neighbors. We've discussed this in the past, but MGM in these final stages has enormous neighborhood implications. Streets have been blocked. Barricades are up. And our conversations with our neighbors at MGM indicate that maybe this November, part of the building at least  I don't want to speak for MGM, but in terms of our interest in talking to them, we have been given the impression that there will be a partial, if not  that these obstacles will be removed when they commence operations this fall. And that will open up one side of our property, the West side of our property, which is the fronting side on the lake in the gondola and our entrances. On the South side of our property, the SBM Company  SJM, rather, they had a fatal accident with a worker three weeks ago, and as part of the post-accident procedure, the Government of Macau stopped work on that job. And as of yesterday, three weeks later, they still have not recommenced their construction of that hotel. So, its opening date, and therefore when the neighborhood clears on the South, is still undetermined. We also have construction on the North side of our property with the light rail or the monorail transportation link, which is one of the most powerful aspects of our company because the  it travels around two sides of our property, looking at our lake and our hotel, our fountains and then the first stop with escalators down to the sidewalk is directly at our gondola station in the middle of our fountain feature. So, that the completion of the light rail is not just a removal of a negative, but it provides an enormous positive for our traffic and the mass market. We look forward to that. It is being completed in a much more efficient and expeditious way than it has in the previous two years, even three years. We even have the potential for a walkway to be completed in a matter of days that would allow us to use the bridge that's part of that station to get to the other side of the street, even before the train or the monorail is in operation. And that could happen  Ian, you're on the call. When do you think we'll be able to use the elevated crosswalk and the escalators?
Ian Michael Coughlan - Wynn Macau Ltd.: From an infrastructure point of view, it's due for completion in the next four weeks, including the escalators. We need government approval to be able to use it because it is connected in part to the station, but we believe that there's support to get it up and running as soon as possible. It's a safety issue when crossing the road, so I think we'll get support with it.
Stephen Alan Wynn - Wynn Resorts Ltd.: Without it, we have virtually  it's virtually life-threatening to get across the street to our gondolas and our entrances. So we have been able to make money and have satisfactory progress in spite of these rather unique and unprecedented obstacles that we've faced. But nevertheless, our business grows and we've settled one question beyond a shadow of a doubt in the last 10 months and that is the cannibalization that was expected, and the cannibalization that seemed to have occurred with other companies, including The Sands when they opened on Cotai. The downtown place took a hit. In fact, we've continued to grow in our original Wynn Macau and Encore complex, and I'm very happy to see that. Ciaran has done a great job in running that place. He's on the call if anybody wants to ask Ciaran about Macau, the original Macau facility, and Ian is on the call to answer questions that are more broad-ranging and those concerning the Palace. Finally, as we have the opportunity to do these on these calls every 90 days, we are proceeding with our finishing our drawings and getting our planning and building permits to begin the development of the golf course with our Phase I lagoon, our lake of 20-odd, 27, 28 acres and our 450,000-square foot addition to our meeting and convention space, fully integrated into this facility, this 10 million square feet that we have already in this building, and we are proceeding with our planning and our development of the 140 acres behind us. The real estate behind in Encore, 10 million feet, is unquestionably the most powerful latent asset that this company owns. Its adjacency to the Las Vegas Convention Bureau, The Sands Exposition Center, and most importantly, its integration with the 10 million feet of the Wynn and Encore, makes that piece of real estate without any possibility of debate, the most precious piece of real estate in the resort industry in Las Vegas. And we have a lot of confidence in our ability to take that forward in the near future. We've had expressions of interest from a number of companies who want to come on this property and participate either in the form of joint-ventures or ground leases and other financial arrangements. And those conversations have been very exciting, and give me a lot of optimism about how we are going to take advantage of this asset in the next four years to five years. And I think that pretty much is my take on the situation on this day. And we'll take questions now.
Operator: Our first question comes from the line of Felicia Hendrix with Barclays.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hey. Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my questions. So this is kind of for the whole team in general. Was just wondering after digesting these results, what your post mortem per property is, because as we are analyzing it, certainly, Wynn Macau you did beyond fantastic on the VIP side. Wynn Palace was kind of close to our expectations, and in both properties, mass was kind of lower than what we would have expected. So, as you guys digest this and look at it, what's your thought per property?
Stephen Alan Wynn - Wynn Resorts Ltd.: I'm going to take that first. It's very important when you're looking at this industry, whether it's ourselves or our neighbors like MGM and Venetian. It's very important that you don't get caught up in the very short-term myopia that your professions demand in many respects, because it's the big things that determine the long-range viability of these places. And you know, the history of our company, it gives undeniable proof of that. When you build better facilities, when you invest in human resources, this is a business that remains viable and growing over a long period of time. So, it's decisions that are not so much in the immediate analysis frame that matter. So when we look at the numbers that you're looking at to answer you directly. We say, the train is on schedule, the future of the company is being built intelligently with a strong foundation. And we take that as our principal responsibility. When you deal to the kind of customers that we deal to, when you deal at the level we do. In the gambling build room, which is only less than half of our business, there's volatility. But for example, in the last four days, Friday, Saturday and Sunday in this casino, just 10 or 15 international players contributed $12 million in a slow month. That's besides the full occupancy of the hotel and all the non-casino revenue and the slot machines and the race book and the poker. The power of these enterprises are defined by their ability to answer the real issue with Las Vegas. Can you come to a destination resort and fulfill your expectations of living big and exciting experiential moments? Those kinds of moments take time to create, but once they are created, they endure. So, you're talking to a group of men and women in this company  incidentally, we took  we did a count-up of all the most high-paid people in the company and 65% or 70% of them are women. When you talk to the group of ladies and gentlemen of Wynn Resorts, you will find a high level of consciousness of what we are about and what really defines our short-term and our long-term success. And these are sort of chewy, laden-with-detail conversations that define these big moments of experience. Wynn has emerged, the Wynn Encore facility has emerged as the most celebrated hospitality installation in the world in terms of the awards and recognitions it receives for product and service. I don't say that in a braggadocios way. I mean all you got to do is look at Harvard Business Review, Fortune, Forbes Travel Guide, Barron's Magazine, Cond Nast Traveller magazine. Every conceivable measurement of quality of product and service, we've managed to obtain a high level of success. And as we build these additional non-casino attractions, we have to do the same thing again and again. And you know that's pretty much our whole story. You have been listening to me for a long time, most of you. It never changes. The way we define that challenge, the details of modernity, using technology, using social media and all the  this hotel is the first one that is all verbal. You can walk into our rooms and tell Alexa to turn on the lights, open and close the curtains, play The Eagles or Beyonc or Frank Sinatra. You can do all that. Change the temperature in the room. You can do it verbally. So, we take advantage of technology. We try and stay ahead of the curve. We're told by the people at Facebook that we're the most advanced of all casino companies in our use of social media. Our Nightlife people, headed by Sean Christie and Alex Cordova, are up to their ears in the use of those techniques. So the tactics change, the overall strategy does not. Any of you folks want to add to that? I'm sort of...
Craig S. Billings - Wynn Resorts Ltd.: Sure. Just in  I'm sure you can see it, but in terms of market share at Macau, because I think that's the question you're asking, what you see from first quarter to second quarter is we actually, in Macau in total, increased our market share in VIP, mass and slots, sequentially. Not going as fast as we had hoped 12 months ago, but the programs are in place and we feel good about the direction that we are going.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. So that's all helpful. Thank you for that. If we could just kind of grill down to Wynn Palace and perhaps talk a little bit on the mass side and some of the programs that you have implemented there, given conversations throughout the quarter and even talk with things that you commented on last quarter, you know I would've  and I know the market on the mass side was down sequentially. I just thought that you guys would've done better given some of the changes there. So perhaps you can just talk about that segment at Wynn Palace.
Stephen Alan Wynn - Wynn Resorts Ltd.: The mass is really affected by the physicality of the neighborhood. I've said it so many times, I'm thinking I'm boring you, but mass has an awful lot to do with access. And I've laid out the obstacles we've faced. Incidentally, I mentioned the west, the south and north side of our property. I didn't mention the east. Well, that's under construction too because that's the service yard and the whole headquarters for the light rail system. We're literally surrounded on four sides by things that are under construction that will all add to our mass. One of the reasons our mass numbers is so impressive downtown is because we're in the middle of everybody. Right now we're on the edge and surrounded by fences. We're on the edge of everybody. When we get surrounded again by SJM, by the monorail, by MGM and we have our connectivity, the picture's going to change dramatically. And if you go to Macau and you look at this firsthand, you'll grin and shake your head and you'll say, it's amazing this place does as well as it does. We've dealt with a severe handicap here. Now, when I say we dealt with a short-term severe handicap, we have an overwhelming advantage, and that is that we're in Macau to begin with. And Cotai as well and that's a privilege that long-term is sensational. Ian?
Ian Michael Coughlan - Wynn Macau Ltd.: Can I make one point, Steve?
Stephen Alan Wynn - Wynn Resorts Ltd.: Sure.
Ian Michael Coughlan - Wynn Macau Ltd.: Sorry, Steve. One other severe handicap that we've had, particularly at premium mass level is the smoking issue where there are spaces in town that have been grandfathered in. They were formerly VIP and now they're being used for mass high limit. And people are allowed to smoke in them and are competitors. And that all goes away at the beginning of 2019, on January 1. Everybody has a level playing field. We will be the biggest beneficiary of that because we're operating handicapped right now.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. Thank you. And just quickly, just looking at the rolling chip turnover at Wynn Macau, is there anything you want to talk with that? Was there anything extraordinary or out of the ordinary, rather in that?
Stephen Alan Wynn - Wynn Resorts Ltd.: During the quarter? Yes. At Wynn Macau we had probably the most unique statistical anomaly in my 50 years of doing this. And this is my 50th year. And that is that with enormous volume, one of our leading outlets lost money for the entire month. Not only did they not hold correctly, they went minus. That's an outlet that in both downtown and at Cotai performs beautifully all the time. But April, the bottom fell out and all the players won millions of dollars. And I think we ended up the month minus $10 million or something? What was  yes, minus $10 million or $15 million.
Craig S. Billings - Wynn Resorts Ltd.: Out of Wynn Palace.
Stephen Alan Wynn - Wynn Resorts Ltd.: Yes. Forget about plus $50 million. It was minus $10 million. But look, on a whole, percentages are right but during that quarter, in April, we had a statistical anomaly. Now you know, we also had counterpoints to that in our history but we did have one during the quarter in April. But other than that, we have nothing to say. Normal volatility, even if it's exaggerated.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joe Greff with JPMorgan.
Joseph R. Greff - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Good afternoon, everybody. Craig, maybe this information was given, I just didn't hear it there at the end. But did you break out what property level EBITDA was on a hold adjusted basis at Wynn Macau and Palace? And if you didn't, could you provide that now?
Craig S. Billings - Wynn Resorts Ltd.: It was about $20 million low at Palace and about $20 million high at Wynn Macau. They offset each other.
Joseph R. Greff - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Great. Thank you for that. I was hoping, sticking to Macau, can you talk about your premium mass business? Can you talk about  I don't know if you break it out this way, but what percentage of your total mass revenues or profitability relates to premium mass? And can you talk about the relative growth rate between premium mass and even though you referred to a little bit of what you characterized as mid-market between mid-market mass? But if you could talk about those relative growth rates in both Macau property, that would be I think helpful to understand.
Matthew O. Maddox - Wynn Resorts Ltd.: And, Joe, this is Matt. Everybody, all the competitors want to know what your breakout is of premium mass relative to mass. So we really don't want to get into percentages of where we are driving our business.
Stephen Alan Wynn - Wynn Resorts Ltd.: We don't want to tell, Joe.
Joseph R. Greff - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Fair enough. Maybe a way to ask this question in kind of a generic way, for you, Steve, then to give a high-level view, would appreciate your views is when you look at the Macau market now, say, where it was earlier in calendar 2017, and you look at where it is the now. Are you seeing the market being driven more by VIP here in the 3Q and the 2Q versus the 1Q? I know the 1Q if you adjust for that revenue classification from the government, it has been more mass driven. Does that reverse here in the 2Q? Or has it reversed here more recently? And if that's the case, what do you think is driving that change?
Stephen Alan Wynn - Wynn Resorts Ltd.: Actually, Joe, I'm not the right guy to ask the question. I've had my nose down on work in the backyard here. Really. Ian or Craig? Either one of you guys want to take that? I'm not trying to slip the question, Joe, I'm just not up on that detail.
Ian Michael Coughlan - Wynn Macau Ltd.: We opened Wynn Palace with very strong VIP business, particularly in the junkets, and that strength has continued, and the remarkable aspect of everything is, we didn't cannibalize our business downtown at a VIP level in the junkets particularly. So that's been an area of strength. It continues to grow, sequential growth in junket business downtown has been significant three-quarters in a row. And we are built to take care of VIP customers at all levels, and our properties serve the VIP customers very well, we're known for that. So when that area of the business is growing, we do well.
Stephen Alan Wynn - Wynn Resorts Ltd.: The lack of cannibalization, I want to point out hastily, is again a reflection of when you build these places with a solid foundation, physically, programmatically and in terms of Human Resources, the notion of cannibalization doesn't really apply.
Craig S. Billings - Wynn Resorts Ltd.: And, Joe, I know the question you're trying to get to is what happened to mass in the second-quarter for the market? And I think that you know that in the second quarter it is seasonally slow for the market in June. So we are not going to sit here and predict which direction mass is going after 90 days. The business still feels good across our properties in both the premium segment and in the regular mass segment.
Joseph R. Greff - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thank you, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Carlo Santarelli with Deutsche Bank.
Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hey everybody. Good afternoon. Just to follow-up on Joe's question. Matt, you kind of made reference to growing share sequentially from the 1Q to the 2Q at both properties kind of across all segments. I was just wondering in terms of when you reference that, are you referring to mass and VIP in the way that they have historically been categorized by the operators? Or more looking at the DICJ quarterly metrics?
Matthew O. Maddox - Wynn Resorts Ltd.: The DICJ quarterly metrics.
Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Understood. And then, Ian, if I could, you guys seem to have had a streak of very good luck, obviously some bad luck at Palace this quarter, but over on the peninsula if you look over kind of the last five quarters, the property has been holding over 3.3% on close to $65 billion of rolling chip volume. Has anything changed there that kind of created this run?
Stephen Alan Wynn - Wynn Resorts Ltd.: Ian, Ian, I want to join in that answer.
Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Sure.
Stephen Alan Wynn - Wynn Resorts Ltd.: It's important for the investment community to understand that one of the consequences of the type of buildings we build, and the money we spend on Human Resources. Our properties have a stickiness, an attraction, to a caliber of gambler that, to a certain extent, we enjoy to a greater extent than our competitors. When you talk about whole percentage, observe Wynn Las Vegas. We always hold in the mid-20s%. Enormously more year-in, quarter-in and quarter-out than our neighbors. That's not an accident. It isn't about luck. It's part of this program. It's highly self-conscious and highly articulated. We have more profitable casinos, pound for pound, foot per foot. I mean, if someone has nine casinos, we obviously with three don't compare. But when you compare any single operation of gaming in Macau, casino floor for casino floor, you'll see that we always hold higher. It's because people play longer, and they're wealthier and they have more discretionary income than others. And that results in a different business plan. I can't stress that enough. When you look at us, you have to understand it and you've got to be conscious of the history. Take a look at casino performance in terms of whole percentage and stuff like that at the Wynn. It's easy to look at that because the numbers are easier to compare because we don't have the chip roll and the repurchase, which is a complexity and people buying chips at the cage in China in the mass casino sort of distorts. But when you use a traditional form of measurement, Wynn Las Vegas answers the question if you're asking about Wynn Macau. We always hold higher. It's one of the goodies that has to do with our program. Ian, you can take it from here.
Ian Michael Coughlan - Wynn Macau Ltd.: What we've seen with particularly hold in the junkets is when we have extremely high volumes, then we do seem to hold better. When you have less volume, we have higher volatility, which has been an issue at Wynn Palace on occasions. And usually these things over time sort themselves out.
Stephen Alan Wynn - Wynn Resorts Ltd.: That's right.
Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Great. Ian, thank you very much.
Ian Michael Coughlan - Wynn Macau Ltd.: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Thomas Allen with Morgan Stanley.
Thomas G. Allen - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hey. So last week there were some stories about junkets asking their customers to remove deposits. How are you thinking about the strength or longevity of the junket system at this point? Thank you.
Stephen Alan Wynn - Wynn Resorts Ltd.: We don't pay attention to the minutia. I mean what we're saying is that people who go on vacation in America and China and decide to go to a destination resort that includes a gaming room, those people tend to have the money that provides them choices in life. And they don't usually allow their preferences to be altered. They overcome changes. But they do what they like to do. Golfers find golf courses. People who like to gamble and want to go to a fancy resort find a place that gives them what they want. And they've got the money to deal with change, and they do. So the nuance of moment to moment developments doesn't change human nature. And, therefore, it doesn't in the long term, ever change us. So we heard what you heard. We said, okay, that's interesting. Next case. We didn't pay much attention to it.
Thomas G. Allen - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. Thank you. And then just your occupancy continues to rise. How are you allocating rooms between cash and comp rooms at this point? And how are you thinking about it going forward? Thanks.
Ian Michael Coughlan - Wynn Macau Ltd.: Which property?
Thomas G. Allen - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: So I think Wynn Macau is up 600 basis points. And I think it continued to be pretty, still pretty high at Wynn Palace too. So both properties would be helpful.
Ian Michael Coughlan - Wynn Macau Ltd.: Occupancy is in the mid-90s% at both properties. We allocate rooms to the most valuable customers, and downtown Macau has been pretty consistent in allocating over 80% to our casino customers, and the rest is cash. Over in Cotai, it's a different market. We are up to close to 60% in comp rooms at the moment for casino and we plan to give even more rooms over to comp.
Stephen Alan Wynn - Wynn Resorts Ltd.: And we would like very much in phase two in Cotai to add a whole bunch of rooms so that we can improve the mix for everybody. And as soon as the government lets us, we'll build some more beautiful hotel towers, with or without gaming. That's not the most important thing. We just want the people to stay in the hotel, to have their meetings there, shop, eat in our restaurants. If they want to gamble, that's their business, but we'd like to have more rooms. We were constrained by a height restriction because of our proximity to the airport. So that location had good news and bad news attached to it, where the first stop from the ferry terminal and we're right next door to the airport and all that stuff, but we couldn't go as high as we wanted to, so 1,700 rooms was all we could get in that first structure. But we have property on both sides of our land concession that  and already we built the connections to those sites, to the additional real estate so that we can add more rooms. And depending on our  on the permissions that are in the latitude given to us by the government, we would erect beautiful hotel towers with convention and meeting space at the minute we were allowed to do it which would change the mix. That's the end of my answer.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Shaun Kelley with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Shaun C. Kelley - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hi. Good afternoon. I think a couple of the questions here have been sort of trying to hit on the same topic, which is the sequential  some of the sequential figures we're seeing at Palace. So I guess my question is this, I mean, if we look at the big sequential growth you saw this quarter at the Peninsula, do you really care or are you concerned at all with the fact that Peninsula at the moment is growing faster than Palace? Or do you kind of even plan and run the business that way or are you happy to sort of service the customers where they want to go right now?
Stephen Alan Wynn - Wynn Resorts Ltd.: Yes. You're right what you just said at the end. We don't care. It's all one big thing. You know? It's one integrated resort in two locations. To us, it's six of one, half a dozen of the other. You already know why the Palace is a little retarded because of the neighborhood. But to us, it's all one thing. Same ownership. It's all just two locations. Could care less where the money comes from.
Shaun C. Kelley - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: And, Steve, when we look back on this three to five years from now, do you think we are going to be looking at a Palace property that is getting  that sees a much bigger ramp from here in the mass market, given some of the factors you mentioned? Or do you still think that there is room for the VIP and the higher rent players through comping appropriately and just getting to discover the property? Is there still more growth and more potential there?
Stephen Alan Wynn - Wynn Resorts Ltd.: I think we'll look back and see Macau grow and prosper. With that growth will come concomitant growth in the mid and premium market levels as well as VIP. As the market gains traction and receives broader visitation in the Pacific Rim and from Mainland China and from everywhere else, Taiwan, Japan. As the market grows, all those segments will beef up. You know it always happens sort of proportionately. Unless someone restricts a certain part like we had the restriction of the VIP then of course you see the relationships change. But under normal conditions, it proceeds pretty much pari passu. At least that's my take on it. I don't know. Matt, do you look at it differently?
Matthew O. Maddox - Wynn Resorts Ltd.: No, no. I think you're right. One thing about Wynn Palace that we also haven't talked about is we are building some new amenities that are going to be great attractions for the mass market. They'll be opening next year. More restaurants are coming in the next nine months that are going to continue to add to that.
Stephen Alan Wynn - Wynn Resorts Ltd.: For Chinese New Year.
Matthew O. Maddox - Wynn Resorts Ltd.: Yes.
Stephen Alan Wynn - Wynn Resorts Ltd.: Incidentally, what Matt just said is true at each of our hotels all the time.
Matthew O. Maddox - Wynn Resorts Ltd.: That's true.
Stephen Alan Wynn - Wynn Resorts Ltd.: We never leave any of them open. For example, in a week or so on the fourth of August, we redid the whole north end of Wynn Las Vegas where the Race Sports Book were  that were located and where a big casino bar and delicatessen are located. We closed the whole north end of Wynn, decided that we wanted to make it more exciting with new gorgeous screens, a brand new bar, new VIP seating sections for race and sports people. We've updated the restaurant and we're going to  this Friday morning, we're going to take the wall down and everybody is going to be dazzled because the entire north side of Wynn is going to look different than it did when we put the wall up the day after the final four. None of these hotels stays the same in  we think of ourselves, if we're not growing, we're going backwards. If we're not adding new and exciting nuance to each of our properties, for our repeat visitors, then we are not keeping the promise that is the backbone of this corporation. So, what Matt just said about things are going to open between now and Chinese New Year, well that is going to be true in Las Vegas. And you be damn well sure that when Boston opens up, we will be tinkering with that. We buy more real estate so that we can grow Boston. We are buying up the neighborhood to make Everett a destination convention and entertainment element of the metropolitan area of Boston and central Massachusetts. We never leave these things alone. That's one of the reasons why we hold a higher percentage of fixed tables, and why our room rates stay high. So these places never get static. We don't allow that.
Shaun C. Kelley - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robin Farley with UBS.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Securities LLC: Great. Thanks. Just circling back to Wynn Palace. You outlined a couple of the challenges for the property and kind of different timelines for when some of the work inside the property will be done, in a month. MGM opening by year-end, maybe a light rail and SJM further out. When we think about the ramp up of the property, how much of the difference between what the property is doing now and what you think it can be doing when all is said and done? How significant are the changes that happen by the end of this year, versus maybe light rail and other things that might take longer? Just to sort of manage our expectations about the ramp up.
Stephen Alan Wynn - Wynn Resorts Ltd.: Interesting question, Robin. Got to think about that one. Wow. That's the kind of question I ask myself. Any of my colleagues want to help me out with this one? That's a very provocative question.
Ian Michael Coughlan - Wynn Macau Ltd.: Robin, my take is, like we said last quarter, actually, the ramp is going to take us longer than what we told you guys at our Analyst Day last April. Those forecast are still what we project, but we need the infrastructure in place. Our programs are moving forward, and so we are big believers in that property and in Wynn Macau. But we have to get through really the next as we said, 2017 to see a lot of these things start to happen. So that is what we said last quarter and that's still how we feel.
Stephen Alan Wynn - Wynn Resorts Ltd.: For example, if they turn on those escalators, that's an item. You can't get across the street now. It's very tricky to understand that. We can look at the numbers from our neighbors and compare ours to them per table, I guess, Matt? And say, well, suppose that if we're less per table, I don't know? Are we? Than one of them? Will the number per table change?
Matthew O. Maddox - Wynn Resorts Ltd.: It should. We are right at fair share right now, and our properties have always been 1.2 to 1.3 fair share, and so I believe that is where Palace is going to go.
Stephen Alan Wynn - Wynn Resorts Ltd.: There you go, Robin.
Matthew O. Maddox - Wynn Resorts Ltd.: It has all of the elements in place.
Stephen Alan Wynn - Wynn Resorts Ltd.: Yes. If we are one to one on revenue versus  our percentage of the revenue versus our percentage of the equipment in the market. If we are one to one, that's the only time it has ever happened in my career in 50 years. In New Jersey we were 1.58, and the more hotels that opened, we increased the margin of excess margin over one to one. If so we are one to one Matt, right now, and the neighbors are one to two. We've always have been 1.2 and 1.3. Look at Wynn Macau. Then that would be a bare minimum, and that building, the Wynn Palace is the fanciest thing in China by far. So -
Robin M. Farley - UBS Securities LLC: And I wasn't questioning that you would grow to a premium to your fair share. I was just thinking about timeframe. And so it sounds like maybe from Matt's comments, that a lot of things by year-end sort of will  a lot of the biggest hurdles for you will by the end of 2017, is that fair?
Stephen Alan Wynn - Wynn Resorts Ltd.: I don't know Robin. It depends. What are they going to do with the light rail? What happens when MGM  is MGM going to open in November? And when they open, will there be a complete opening? A partial opening? Will there be blockades left? What really is going on with SJM. They ask us if we would link SJM to us. Well, on the empty land on the south side of our property, the corner of it is directly opposite the corner of SJM. They want to have a connection. Well, I say great. Let's do it, because it goes right into our retail. Boom. Build a hallway that's air-conditioned and we're in business and we're connected to their 2,000 or 3,000 rooms. Same thing with MGM. I'm a little confused about the timing on those properties and I'm a little confused about the improvements of the neighborhood and how they affect us, but I have got complete confidence that the Palace will be the show pony both financially and physically when these questions are resolved. I'm just frustrated with giving you the kind of answers  because your question really meant that I had to know how it was going to come in chronologically. And I don't, Robin.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. No, fair enough. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Harry Curtis with Nomura Instinet.
Harry Curtis - Nomura Instinet: Hi, guys. I had a general question and then a housekeeping item. The general question is, the VIP growth of 35% according to the DICJ in the quarter, was pretty exceptional. And years ago, maybe 6 to 8 years ago, I recall a rule of thumb that the government was fine with a 15+% , a growth rate around 15%, and I'm specifically referring to the VIP segment. And to the best of your experience or knowledge, is there a growth rate that the government is comfortable with? Or can the junket business grow at an over-20% growth rate without the government's objection as long as its customers and liquidity sources are legitimate?
Stephen Alan Wynn - Wynn Resorts Ltd.: The regulatory agency has tightened its controls and supervision of the junket operators. I think that's the form of expression that has been adopted and we don't know of any arbitrary number that is in government thinking on this subject. Only thing we do know is that they wanted to improve the standards of probity and investigative activity, and they have done that. And the main operators sailed right through, as they always have. I remember when we were being licensed to Massachusetts, the question was, well, Macau has a reputation that may be questionable in some quarters, especially in Massachusetts. And I remember that we said, wait a minute, let's put this matter to rest. We told each of our operators that, in addition to being licensed in Macau, they had to go to the organized crime criminal division of the Hong Kong Police Department and get certificates of clean bill of health certificates. They actually would investigate someone and then come to a conclusion and make a statement in writing that that person was free of any criminal association. And every one of our operators went instantly and did it without hesitation. And that impressed the folks in Boston. We were happy to do it because we wouldn't want to do business with anybody that couldn't pass such an examination. So, the regulatory issue is the one that I think is at stake here. I don't know that anybody has an arbitrary number about growth rates.
Harry Curtis - Nomura Instinet: Is there  maybe a different way of asking the question is, is it the fact that or  junket liquidity, do you think that that is maybe more of a relevant question versus government policy? And where I'm going with this is, junket liquidity seems to run in cycles and, in your view, now that we're in an upswing again, what could slow it in the next year or so?
Stephen Alan Wynn - Wynn Resorts Ltd.: What do you say, Matt?
Matthew O. Maddox - Wynn Resorts Ltd.: Harry, as you know, we've been through all of these cycles together. So there are the macro issues we all understand and then there are the changes in regulation that could slow down liquidity. But to try to guess what might happen in the future I think is not the right thing. What I would tell you is that we are seeing the same faces and new people in our VIP rooms and in our premium area. So that is a good sign about the health of the market. But I really don't want to guess on what could slow down liquidity in the future.
Operator: And, ladies and gentlemen, we have reached our allotted time for questions. And I would like to turn the call back over to your presenters for any closing remarks.
Stephen Alan Wynn - Wynn Resorts Ltd.: I thought today's questions were well thought out and insightful, especially as all of the investment and analysts wrote for and reach out for the kinds of information that will predict the future. And I know that's the job of analysts and advising the public on their investment decisions. We do the same thing in protection of our shareholders. Read the tea leaves, so to speak. Try and anticipate the future. And the most certain part of the future, which is change, and how to build these enterprises so that they are equipped to handle change. They have the agility, the flexibility that's necessary for any commercial activity in today's world. And I want to go back and say that in answer to all of the detailed inquiries that were brought up in today's Q&A, what will determine the future, believe me, will be the same fundamentals that have done it decade in and decade out. How carefully are your buildings and your facilities designed and executed with care and professional input. But most importantly, what is your human resource profile? Because only people make people happy. And these places, their agility is measured in terms of the morale and the attitude of the people who engage the public every day in these buildings. If you want to have an insight, beyond the questions and answers you get from us on a quarterly basis, go to these hotels. Interview employees. Feel the vibe. Eat the food. Stay in a room. Talk to the employees. See if they're proud. See if this job they have is a measure of their own self-esteem. Do that survey. Do that inquiry, and you can predict the future. Because when you get that information, you will know who will control every market and out-perform the competition. And that is all we got to say today. It's fun to have these conversations. Talk to you the next time. And thanks.
Operator: Thank you for your participation. This does conclude today's conference call. And you may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-04-25 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Craig Billings - Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer Stephen Wynn - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer Ian Coughlan - President, Wynn Macau, Limited and Wynn Resorts, S.A. Ciaran Carruthers - Chief Operating Officer, Wynn Macau Maurice Wooden - President, Wynn Las Vegas, LLC Matt Maddox - President
Analysts: Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank Joseph Greff - J.P. Morgan Stephen Grambling - Goldman Sachs Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Thomas Allen - Morgan Stanley Robin Margaret Farley - UBS Investment Bank Daniel Scott Adam - Instinet LLC Adam Trivison - Gabelli & Company Shaun Kelley - Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Operator: Good day. My name is Lavarielle [ph], and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the First Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Craig Billings, Chief Financial Officer. Please go ahead.
Craig Billings: Thank you, operator, and good afternoon, everyone. With me in Las Vegas is Steve Wynn, Matt Maddox, Kim Sinatra, Maurice Wooden, Ciaran Carruthers. Also on the line are our colleagues in Macau, Las Vegas and Boston. Just a reminder for today, we will be making forward-looking statements under Safe Harbor securities law and those statements may or may not come true. With that, I'll turn it over to Mr. Wynn.
Stephen Wynn: Okay. You can see the numbers. Business is good for us. We've been joining a research and sub activity at the top-end in China. Our hotels there - we're enjoying the continuing prosperity of Wynn Macau and the steady growth of Wynn Palace pursuant to plans and the expectations we've had since the inception of that project. When we opened the hotel in Cotai this past August, we had 9% of the market. In the first quarter, we went to 13%, and now we're moving past 16% of market share. So that's in spite of the fact that we are still surrounded by barricades and construction. Now, it happens to be sort of a mixed message. The construction interference in traffic and the isolation of our hotel is at an all-time high. But it's at an all-time high, because the level of activity has increased, I'm happy to say, immeasurably, especially in the monorail, light-rail station that is right in front of our hotel and provides the greatest obstacle to movement of people. But they are installing the escalators and there is a new contractor. And they seem to have a whole new energy and vitality in getting the transportation system of - the transportation system that benefits us enormously. The new ferry terminal is about to open, the monorail goes from there, the light-rail goes from the ferry terminal and all of that, straight into Cotai. And it goes around our property on two sides, and we're the first stop. And the people in it experience our lake and our fountains, and then they stop right at our gondola. That construction has been a tremendous barricade, I mean, literally a wall. And now that seems to be getting to the stage where not only will it be completed later this spring, that part of it, but also the pedestrian crossover which is part of that construction will be available to us. At about the same time this summer or this fall that MGM opens their construction activity and the blockage of the street is in an all-time high, which is associated with the end game, the last four months of construction or five months of construction that MGM is experiencing and the activity on our south side at SJM has also accelerated. So we are blocked out, but on the other hand, there is good news ahead as the time between our suffering and our relief gets shorter. The hotel at Palace has been turned out from a guest point of view very sticky. People stay with us coming back again, and again, filling the hotel and we're happy about that. So Macau is a story of our neighbors and surrounding construction. Everything is moving along well. Ciaran Carruthers is here in Las Vegas with me, runs Wynn Macau. Ian is on the telephone in Macau. And both of those men and our financial people are available for answers. In Las Vegas, Maurice Wooden is sitting next to me. And we had the biggest hotel quarter in the history of the company. Our revenues were up 9%. And our cash was up and we had a really good quarter. And we come to a final decision that I'll discuss in a few minutes, and about the golf course and that development. Bob DeSalvio is on the call in Boston. We started construction in July. It's a 34-month job. They're slightly ahead of their schedule. We're eight months into it and - seven or eight months into it. The job is bought out. The GMP is finished and the project is bought out. And we're on our way to April/May opening in 24, 25 months from now. And again, men are available for questions. So I'm going to take a moment and bring everybody up to date on the project that has occupied a great deal of our attention from the last 12 months. And that is redevelopment of the golf course. The golf course rose $7.3 million, netted [$3.5 million, $3.3 million or $3.5 million] [ph]. 46 people played golf. And that's very nice. It's a beautiful [indiscernible] golf course. But as a business, it's always a placeholder, since we bought the place in the desert in the 2000. That period is now concluded. It is no longer a placeholder. It's a development site. Construction will begin in December and January, and the first phase of it will go rather quickly. What we decided after a year of development of fanciful and really imaginative ideas that include a mountain and features and gondolas and restaurants and nightclubs and hotel towers. As we realized that we had a pressing issue in the company now, we have a very, very healthy convention and catering business in this hotel, and we get a big premium for our space. And we have our shows that are stationed, that headquarter here are getting bigger every year and they are outgrowing us. And my colleague, Chris Ann-Flad [ph] who has been with me since the Mirage deal days, when we built Mirage, and she came from Caesars. Chris has been asking for more space. She wanted just under 100,000 feet of convention, ballroom space 86,000 feet, and she wanted another 60,000 or 70,000 feet of meeting rooms. And in order to accommodate the business that we are dealing to now, and it had a certain profit level because of the catering cost plus business, it had a certain impact on our occupancy of 8% or 9%. And when feathered into our retail food and beverage, and casino business it had a certain worst-case impact on EBITDA of $50 million or more. So we said, all right, we got all these great ideas that are going into this lagoon, and this beachfront property, but what should we do to take the most conservative but dynamic approach to this property. And after all of the studies and the pricing, we came to this conclusion. That we were going to build, we would master plan the entire event, but we would build the beachfront meeting space, ballrooms, cabanas and pools that represented the certain need we had at the moment. Build the lagoon, 1,500 feet long and 800 odd feet wide with 4,000 foot boardwalk with white sand beaches and water-sports and attractions, bar and food service. Build that first. That would energize the real estate that the 130-odd-acres that is the golf course with its water rights. And we would put this 20-odd-acre lagoon in the middle of it. And then we would build our meeting space, leave room for our new tower that could be a couple of thousand rooms. We would leave room for everything master plan it, but build at first the park that would immediately power up our existing restaurants, our existing casino, our existing convention meeting and catering operation. With an absolute certain return on that investment of excessive 10% or 15%. We have no better use for our money, we keep $1.5 billion or $2 billion in the parent company. And this would allow us to take the most conservative, but the most dynamic approach to creating this. We can affect this tremendous uptick in the value of our surrounding real estate. And that's what we decided to do and that's what we've committed to plans and that's with the Board of Directors has approved, and that is now a project. And hard construction will commence in six or seven months because we are doing the drawings as we speak, and we've been for a month or two. But we'll do this with complete drawings and firm prices with guaranteed maxes and liquidated damages and all the other things we do to protect ourselves. So that's the formula and we'll spend between $400 million to $500 million on it. And we'll get the lagoon and these things up pretty quick. By start at the beginning of the year, we should be in shape within a year or so, it goes very fast. And that's pretty much the state of things. I think I'll let the rest of this time today be left to answering questions directed either at us or China or Boston. So go ahead with questions, Ma'am.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll pause for just a moment to compile the Q&A roster. And your first question comes from the line of Carlo Santarelli with Deutsche Bank.
Carlo Santarelli: Hey, thanks. And thank you for the explanation on Paradise Park. And as you think about the master-plan longer term, I know when you guys originally kind of proposed the idea back in April at the Analyst Day, a hotel and kind of broader scope was attributed to it. Could we kind of look at it today and say, okay, Cotai is up and running, Macau is doing a little bit better, but - and you guys are being a little bit more conservative with this spend, going forward with the elements of the project that you think have high-return associated with them in the near-term and then could potentially branch into something larger with potential additional hotel towers more similar to the original contemplation down the road?
Stephen Wynn: I couldn't have said it better myself, Carlo.
Carlo Santarelli: Okay. Okay. That's easy then. And then on
Stephen Wynn: Would you, if I may?
Carlo Santarelli: Yes.
Stephen Wynn: This idea, if you build it they'll come, has been something that I've done for the past 40 odd years. But I've never had an opportunity that was so rich in options in my entire career in Las Vegas. This golf course and this lagoon and the beach-run property, every time we turn around someone else comes to see us to do something else with it or to buy a piece or to rent a piece or to do a JV. And it's been very exciting. So I say, well, before I build my idea of a thing to go on that section, let's put it out there, let's feel it, let's live with it for a while, let's give everybody a chance to appreciate how dynamic this location is and how powerful the opportunity is. Maybe we miss something. Every once in a while, when you're a wide-eyed developer like myself, and my colleagues, it's good to take a beat and so we did.
Carlo Santarelli: Understood, and then if - maybe somebody could help out here. Obviously, you guys had some favorables on the VIP hold side, maybe a little bit of light mass hold that looked like at Peninsula. But when you look at each of the three assets, could you guys kind of give us what your sense was for normalized property level, EBITDA metrics?
Stephen Wynn: Nothing in China and a few million bucks in Vegas.
Carlo Santarelli: Okay.
Craig Billings: All right, the direct hold was low and the junket hold was high. So when you look at it, there really was no hold impact on the Peninsula.
Carlo Santarelli: Okay. And now, that was - so the three-three you were saying on the junket side is the junket side plays favorable, the direct side played weak and kind of mitigate it.
Craig Billings: That's right.
Carlo Santarelli: Okay. Okay, great. Thank you, guys.
Stephen Wynn: Sure.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Joe Greff with J.P. Morgan.
Joseph Greff: Good afternoon, everybody. Just so we maybe can get a sense of how to think about normalized margins on the Peninsula. I know there was a collection benefit and you had them from time-to-time and I understand how you reserved for outstanding credit. But can you talk about what that impact may have been at Peninsula in the 1Q, just so we get a sense of how to think about normalized property level EBITDA margin?
Craig Billings: Hey, Joe, it was about $5.5 million.
Joseph Greff: Got that. Great. And is it your sense that the rate of outstanding credits being paid off and [that is that's] [ph] benefiting for you and others on the VIP side at Macau, is that starting to plateau or is there - do you feel that sustainable?
Stephen Wynn: You can answer that question.
Ian Coughlan: This is Ian in Macau. We've had some favorable collection of credit. And it certainly seems to be tied in with the stronger credit market in general and it has benefited for us for a number of quarters.
Joseph Greff: Okay. And maybe just a big picture for you, Steve, you referenced obviously a resurgence in the high-end, the top-end in China. It surely manifested in the numbers you reported tonight. What do you think as driving that? And how sustainable are those drivers from here? I don't know if anybody has the right answer for that, but if you can share with us your view.
Stephen Wynn: I have a picture - I have an opinion on that. And of course, it's just my opinion. But I've said in these calls in the past that it would be a mistake to misunderstand the primary underlying driver of the Chinese economy. It is a massive thing and when you say that as I have in the past that we have a very positive and bullish look forward into our long-term position in Macau, at some point the long-term vision and the short-term begin to meld as they are now. The suppression of the VIP market was something that was the result organically of a process that the administration of President Xi Jinping thought was appropriate for the country, the elimination of corruption. And it had secondary effects on high-end products like shopping, and automobiles, and gaming was part of that. But having made a corrective move in China there comes a point when the corrective move, it sort of finishes. And although corruption is still a major item in the PRC, the initial impact has softened, because so much of the work that they thought had to be done, was done. And so people begin to return to normal spending habits, and they are not so strongly influenced by public policy issues that involve public officials. So the people are settling back into routines that they're comfortable with, and that includes going to Macau and buying a new car or shopping at Louis Vuitton. And we've always been part of that cycle, and it wasn't going to be permanent, and we've said that before. Long-term strength of the Chinese concession is one of the most precious assets in modern day. And we are just been seeing it. And another thing, they limited the expansion of Macau in a number of ways. First, by the real estate that is available. The last hotels to be built are being built at the moment, SJM and MGM and that little sort of [squired project was Louis the XIV] [ph] or something, the guy with the red Rolls Royce's building on Colovon [ph], so the little boutique place. That's it. The new tower, the rooms that were added at City of Dreams is coming into the season. And then that's it, the door sort of closes on more supply. And then we are just left with the enormous demand of China. And that's sort of coming into play now again. And I think you can see it continue. That's my opinion.
Joseph Greff: Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Stephen Grambling with Goldman Sachs.
Stephen Grambling: Hey, thanks for taking the question. Maybe a quick follow-up to Joe's last one, just how do you think about the ultimate size of the demand from VIP longer term? And as you referenced VIP returning, how much of the recent strength has come from existing players versus new players? And are you seeing any changes in that customer base based on either sourced industries or geographies at the two properties? Thanks.
Stephen Wynn: What do you say, Ian, Ciaran, what do you say?
Ciaran Carruthers: We're seeing - we are very cautiously optimistic in terms of how the business in the VIP side is going on moving forward. We've obviously seen some good growth over the last quarter, quarter-and-a-half. Initial, early signs are out that that's going to be sustainable in the short period. For how long that can be sustained really is too early to tell. I'd like to see another quarter or two of some good solid growth. The upside of course is that with properties like ours we obviously benefit the most in the marketplace being that preeminent product for service and luxury. So as that new liquidity enters into the marketplace the premium master rates in junkets, we benefit more so them anybody else. So cautiously optimistic, but I think a little bit too early to call as a long-term sustainable story...
Stephen Wynn: Do you see, Ciaran, do you see - he asked an interesting question. I think the same old people come back, or they're new ones that you're seeing?
Ciaran Carruthers: We are seeing some new ones, but we are seeing a lot of the old players come back to us as well. We are seeing some old faces that are coming back into the marketplace. We've seeing some junkets that have been fairly stays over the last 18 months, 24 months, start to rebuild. We recently had a junket at Wynn Macau during this quarter.
Stephen Wynn: And another one is coming up this week?
Ciaran Carruthers: That's right. At Wynn Macau, this junket went from two tables to ten tables. About six weeks ago, when they have been very solid through that period, they continued to show good strength. So again, early indications are positive, but cautiously optimistic looking forward.
Stephen Grambling: That's very helpful. And maybe if you turn back to Las Vegas, Steve, can you just talk about any impact you're expecting from the Raiders move there and how that may or may not play into what you ultimately pursue at Paradise Park?
Stephen Wynn: Love the Raiders coming. And I even spoke before the joint session of the senate and the assembly in Carson City, along with Jim Murren and the folks from Harris were there. We are very, very happy. This was whipped cream and cherry on the cake, I mean, getting professional sports into Las Vegas is a perfect thing. I spent Easter on vacation at the Bahamas. And one of my guests with me was Dan Snyder that owns the Redskins. And while, I was there at Baker's Bay, Robert Kraft was onboard, and so is Steve Bisciotti that owns the Ravens. And we were all talking about how certain the owners were - we had 31 out of 32 votes to move the team here, how certain everybody is that NFL games in Las Vegas are going to light it up. Super Bowl without the game actually here is as big as New Year practically in this town. Now, when we have these home games or exhibition games in the city, and we will have a stadium big enough for Super Bowl, and the Super Bowl will be here, more than once, this place will go bonkers. And speaking for our own hotel, we figure to get a big share at the top end of that business. So we believe that it's a tremendous impact of the football team to the strip first of all regardless of where the stadium is built. And I think that I know where it's going to be built. Mark has an auction on piece of property just on the other side of I-15, just opposite Mandalay Bay actually of Russell Road is a site that he is auctioned. That may or may not be the final location for this big installation. But I suspect we are going to have football here in 2020. And I can't wait for it to happen. What it's impact will be on my development of the golf course is another story. We are building the golf course to power up our existing assets and to allow us to expand in non-casino ways, the power of Las Vegas. I want to repeat once again that a casino is a passive place, every slot machine and roulette table in the world is identical to every other. What drives people, what moves people are the non-casino directions. And that's why in spite of the fact that we've had the most financially successful casino in the world other than Singapore and Macau, right up until today, never in my company's history and that includes Mirage Resorts, Palazzo, Mirage all the rest of them, Atlantic City, Biloxi or downtown Las Vegas, the casino revenue has never been equal to 50% of the revenue it's always been less. And lately, it's almost two to one. So what moves people are the adventures of a vacation, great service and choice of activities. The development of golf course is a direct aim at that mentality. And the football team is just like adding into a symphonic orchestra the strings and percussion. So we got T-Mobile Arena that MGM and Phil Anschutz built, AEG. My guess is we'll end up with an NBA team before this is over. We've got a hockey team. You fast-forward 36 months or so, and Las Vegas is I believe will be a sports capital how about that.
Stephen Grambling: That's all great.
Stephen Wynn: Now, with 160,000 rooms where is it better than here for that sort of thing. And everybody wants to come here anyway from every city and other countries. And we'll use that football stadium for soccer before it's over or my name isn't Steve. So I think that recent developments portend very positively for Las Vegas.
Stephen Grambling: Great, thanks. I'm looking forward to going bonkers of the game too. I'll jump back in the queue.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Felicia Hendrix with Barclays.
Felicia Hendrix: Hi, thanks for taking my question. Ian and Ciaran, this will probably get directed to you. So just wanted to first compliment you on the great performance in Macau in the quarter, and on the VIP site both properties beat us nicely. But on the mass, depending on the property they're either in line or slightly below our expectation. So I'm wondering now that you have the VIP piece of the puzzle in place. What's the plan to drive mass growth and I know for you guys it's primarily premium mass. And then, how would you describe that piece in the quarter relative to your expectations?
Ian Coughlan: This is Ian. So looking at the premium mass portion at Wynn Macau it was really post opening of Wynn Palace about maintaining service levels and keeping the stickiness of the customers that we had downtown. And we've been very successful and doing that. And over at the Palace it was about continuing that slow steady build of premium mass players from a quite distinct market. And I have to say on both accounts it's being successful. The ramp-up period of Wynn Palace is not as quick as we'd like it to be. But it's been very steady. There is momentum. And on the premium mass side we continue to build new players for Wynn Palace. And as each weekend and each holiday period goes by, we pick up more people. We've done a lot of internal building of key host for the marketplace. And we are out there hunting for players and making them happy and keeping them.
Felicia Hendrix: And how are you seeing the promotional side of the business in that segment?
Ian Coughlan: As referred to on previous calls, Cotai is more heavily promotionally driven. And we are in that game and we are competing with everybody else. We are not doing anything untoward. We are not changing the dynamics of the market. We are just competing fairly, and we've got the nicest probably in Cotai. Similarly, downtown we still command the Peninsula, so we're delivering on our promise both properties are in great condition, and the player council building.
Stephen Wynn: Can I add something to this. If those of you on the call have been there, if you can visualize the physical layout, our benefit downtown has been at the Wynn Macau that we were in a cross flow of the people from the surrounding casinos both SJM's place, the Arc, MGM, and one on the corner Star World. In Macau, we were on opening day in August at the end - the east end of Macau - of the Cotai. When we get through with next six to 10 months, we are in the middle of SJM, MGM, and surrounded by the light rail, the monorail. So now, we get this brand new center of energy called Cotai East, for lack of a better term. That has a tremendous impact on our walk-in mass business. Not only do we not enjoy this at the moment, but we are blocked on our west side by barricades, and construction as I mentioned so many times before. But understand, that when it finishes we are in the middle again. And that's why the Peninsula hotel has always had such a terrific mass business, because they walk across the street and boom. I mean, when SJM opens their 2,400 rooms, we are literally across the street from them, and across the street from MGM, and across the street from the new tower at City of Dreams. And all of that connectivity comes to bear as we move forward in the quarters ahead. Lot of things that mature, that we thought they would be done by the time we were done. I literally thought we are going to be last at one point. And of course it turns out we were first not only with the transportation, but the existing hotels in our neighborhood. So it's been a challenge to deal with that handicap. But that comes to an end here, pretty soon. And then it swings the other way rather dramatically, and we've got extra real estate to build more rooms. And we will add to our room total, because we know that we can fill them at a good rate.
Felicia Hendrix: So that's helpful. So it's sounds like to taking everything together what you offset maybe to assume some sequential growth just from some of the programs you're doing, but really the real growth in the premium side will come in all the construction has gone?
Ian Coughlan: Right. That's what we believe.
Felicia Hendrix: Okay.
Ian Coughlan: You just summarized management and Board's conviction on this matter.
Felicia Hendrix: Great. That's helpful. And Steve, your comments earlier on the growth of the market particularly on the VIP side are very helpful. I think a lot of people are also a little cautious about is, in the past Wynn growth came in - when GGR grew too fast or perceptively too fast. We would see the government either steadily or not so steadily make different policy changes to run in growth. Do you think there is a risk of government interference at this time? Or do you think this is a new normal given the new supply that needs to be absorbed?
Stephen Wynn: We don't based upon our conversations with the government and our perception of things they've said to other people. We do not see any negative impact by central government or Macau government activity matter of fact we see quite the opposite support and encouragement.
Felicia Hendrix: Great, super. Helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Thomas Allen with Morgan Stanley.
Thomas Allen: Hi, so just on the Wynn Macau, the Peninsula property. You are able to improve your market share by over 1% versus the fourth quarter. I heard your comments to the last question around the strength in VIP and the stickiness of your customers there. But is there anything else you're doing differently to support that improvement in market share? Thank you.
Stephen Wynn: Yes, we hired Ciaran Carruthers.
Ciaran Carruthers: Next question.
Stephen Wynn: At the end of the day, it's about people, isn't it? And we are constantly strengthening the human resource side of this company, and under Ian's leadership, we've done so on number of levels. Now the way it works over there. If somebody that we admire and is willing to come to work for us, and we can't do a meeting of mind. And if they are in the market they have to give notice, and then they have this sit-out, cool-off period that's imposed by the laws of Macau. So some of these people that are coming to us, have had - their arrival has been stunted by the law. On June 1, we get another tranche of some of our new recruits and they are in training outside of Macau to join our company, and to pick up on our culture. But have a steady program of muscling up, marketing, food and beverage, casino and hotels. One of the men that's coming to us is a five star executive, he starts on June 1. Tony is coming from the Bangkok hotel, where he got the five star, he is joining us. Our new food and beverage, Vice President is finishing his cooling off period as well as several other people. And I'm not quite sure how public I should get while they're in the cooling off period. But I will tell you that come June 1, we power up even more our executive leadership of the company.
Craig Billings: Steve, there was one of the gift we gave Ciaran when he joined us in January. We added some tables to Wynn Macau. We had it over-steered a bit in terms of table movement. And now we've calibrated both properties for optimum efficiency and that's certainly help the quarter at Wynn Macau in the mass side.
Stephen Wynn: And as you can see everybody, this old business of the amount of tables was overrated. It's a thing, I said in August, and you can see that it's not up the amount of tables, it's who's at them the matters, and how long they stay that's the game we are in, not the gross amount of tables. We've never been the biggest at anything, we've always been the one that captures the quality end of the market, and those are the kind of buildings, we build and those are the kind of people we hire. That are join together, because of a common desire to be part of high quality operation.
Ciaran Carruthers: Into that point, if I can add, across all of our business segments through the first quarter, we had our average daily volumes exceeded the period and it may lead up to Wynn Palace Ultimum [ph]. So we've been able to regain - not only regain the business that we may have lost through Palace Ultimum, we've grown on that as well as the market is lifted.
Thomas Allen: Congratulations, definitely seeing in the numbers. Just moving onto Vegas. Revenue was up 6% in the quarter, EBITDA obviously up 23%. How does that market feel obviously there are one time things or it's supporting the first quarter in the market in general. But is that market feel like it's starting to improve and maybe it's specifically around high-end Asian player would be helpful? Thank you.
Stephen Wynn: Mr. Wooden is here.
Maurice Wooden: So again, I think the first quarter was a perfect balance of all areas. You look at our gaming, hotel, food and beverage, so we were perfect position where all those areas actually performed much better than they did last year. Looking forward our convention pace is outperforming outpacing any future historical metrics that we use. And so we are on a really strong pace of 2018 and 2019 for convention bookings as well. So here Las Vegas, we are optimistic that we'll continue to look at REVPAR growth, somewhere in the 45% for the year. And looking into the future with respect to the kind of convention business that's really important to us, we see tremendous growth there as well.
Stephen Wynn: We will be constantly adding and developing a convention of the market, especially the part where the money is, which is the catering and meeting room and banquet business as opposed to the exhibit space itself. For that we're right across the street in the sands. We're right across the street from the Las Vegas Convention Bureau, both of these entities are aggressive, and we are in the crossfire, so we love it. And we are feeling good about our Asian business as things improved in China, we've always been the principal beneficiary of Asian baccarat relentlessness in Las Vegas. Even before we open the Mirage and the best Chinese business, then Bellagio at the best part for our business, and then when and on core at the best baccarat business. And we feel almost just quickly as they're doing Macau, we feel that here in Las Vegas. Up until including last night and this morning, where baccarat numbers, and given shift are $2 million stuff like that. This place gives that business every week, and it's pretty cool, and also we enjoyed that. You may ask yourself, why would Asian people, with so many casinos in their home territory fly 15 hours to Las Vegas, and stay at a place like Bellagio or the The Venetian. It's because of the choices you have here, it's because of the non-casino venue that gets back to football team to basketball, hockey and conventions and shopping, restaurants. This place, this town is a real safe bet. We ask our [Technical Difficulty], we say is anybody on the Board of Directors believe that Las Vegas would not in the next 15 to 20 years be one of the major destination tour cities in the world. And no one has ever answered to that question. And that's what we feel so good about our real estate and our opportunities here. And then we are going to open this place in Boston in two dozen months. And we are going to have a case study of how grand hotel in the major metropolitan city can change the neighborhood for the better. And be the largest private investment in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, and the second largest employer in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts behind Mass General Hospital. So I like the direction we are in, and I'm feeling comfortable about the pace of our growth. And I don't feel like anybody is after us. We're moving along exactly the way we should be. And my colleagues joined me in that conference.
Thomas Allen: Helpful. Thank you.
Stephen Wynn: You're welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robin Farley with UBS.
Robin Margaret Farley: Great, thanks. One Macau question and one question about the U.S. operations. The Macau question is kind of similar to other folks has been asking about that when you look at the greater number of rooms that you have on Cotai versus Peninsula. When do you think that the mass drop there, we'll get to exceed what you have on the Peninsula?
Stephen Wynn: Good question, Robin. I'm not the guy could answer that. I know that Linda is on an airplane, because she was here with me last night. She is on her way - Linda Chen, back to Macau. Ian and Ciaran, can you deal with Robin's question?
Ian Coughlan: We've got 700 more keys at Wynn Palace, and the waiting of casino rooms versus cash rooms is a lot lower than it is on the Peninsula. Downtown on the Peninsula it's been virtually impossible for 10 years to get a room in Wynn Macau, because it's been so heavily casino driven. Cotai is a slightly different market, but we have lots of room to grow casino customers and continue to hold high occupancy at Wynn Palace. We've lifted occupancy at Wynn Palace from the low-70s in the third quarter to mid-90s in the first quarter of 2017. And there is quite a lot of activity in tour and travelling cash business, but we have lots of rooms with casino market. So as we gain momentum and continue to ramp up those rooms, we'll got to mid-tier and premium mass customers.
Ciaran Carruthers: And when that happens, as soon as we straighten out the concession business, we'll add several thousand rooms to Cotai.
Robin Margaret Farley: Okay. Great, thanks. And then my question on the U.S. operations, if you look at your budget for Boston, kind of two quarters ago you were talking about kind of $1.9 billion to $2.1 billion. And then it sort of moved to the $2.2 billion range and now $2.4 billion. So when you look at that
Ian Coughlan: That's the end of it, $2.4 billion. It's bought out, that's the number.
Robin Margaret Farley: And, well, so that
Ian Coughlan: With a big contingency.
Robin Margaret Farley: And that was one question; it was like is that final now. But then also, I think originally when you were talking about the project in Vegas, you were talking about a $1 billion budget. Is it sort of just a coincidence that the Boston budget - that the Vegas budget has gone done by the amount that Boston budget has gone up? Is there anything to be read into that?
Stephen Wynn: No, it is a coincidence. I tried very hard to explain why we're handling the lagoon and the golf course the way we are. And it was function of the EBITDA certainty of phase one. And the fact that we have so many options about what to do with the rest of the real estate on the waterfront that we want to see it first. So - and the fact that that budget went down is a coincidence entirely. The fact that the budget went up in Massachusetts is a function of the surprisingly expensive bids we got from the subs. I did change scope about eight months ago, wasn't it, Matt?
Matt Maddox: Yes.
Stephen Wynn: When we added more convention space. I added more convention space on our property. But it really - the GMP is at $1.310 billion. And we were surprised for a couple of hundred million, 150 to 200, Matt?
Matt Maddox: Yes.
Stephen Wynn: And we took a lot of bids. And we went back and value-engineered, because we didn't like the bids and we cleaned it up some more. But, boy, I'll tell you, building in Boston is expensive. The subs have a lot of work. They - we were cross-bidding four and five different outfits on things like HVAC, electrical and plumbing. And those numbers stood. And it's not just that it's a union town, because we've always built union buildings out here. It's the building trades are busy in Boston and the cost of living is high in Boston. Now, that's a gate that swings both ways. The cost of living is high in Boston, so wager levels are higher in Boston, but so is the average income in that magnificent metropolitan area. It's matter of fact, the average income in the metropolitan area, the four-point-eight-or-nine million people that we are going to serve by ourselves so to speak is one of the highest per cap metropolitan areas in the United States, if not, the highest. Is it the highest, Matt?
Matt Maddox: I don't know. It's one of the highest.
Stephen Wynn: Yes, I mean, we've never been in a city where the per cap income is as high as this, not to mention non-stop air service from every single capital in the world to Logan Airport, including Hong Kong, Beijing and Shanghai, Geneva, London, Mexico City, Buenos Aires, Rio de Janeiro, Tokyo, Seoul, non-stop service to Boston on a daily basis. And we've never been in a city where we're 12 minutes away, where our hotel is 12 minutes away from an international airport with non-stop service from every capital on earth, the first time for us. We've always had to go get the folks in LA and fly them over here in one of our jets, but not this time. We're 12 minutes from Logan Airport. I was there last week. And that's how long it took me to get there. And we're 12 minutes from Boston Garden. We're in Everett, which is its own city, with its own Mayor, a wonderful fellow and a wonderful city council. But we are surrounded like an island by Boston and its suburbs. And on the edge of our property, if you take three steps to the right you're in Boston. You take three steps to the left you're in Everett. And that's on three sites. So we're an island in that metropolitan area, and happy to be there. So it was coincidence. It was a coincidence.
Robin Margaret Farley: Okay. Thanks for the color. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line Harry Curtis with Instinet.
Daniel Scott Adam: Hi, this is Dan Adam for Harry Curtis. Thanks for taking our question. In Macau, looking at demand trend so far in April, we are wondering if you're seeing a continuation of the strong 18% market growth that we saw in February and March follow through into April. Thanks.
Stephen Wynn: Well, I don't know that we want to get into the next quarter.
Ian Coughlan: No, I don't think so. We're usually - it's too early right now to be talking about the second quarter.
Stephen Wynn: Yes, I think - I don't think that - I don't want to give people false expectations or anything like that, so I think we'll be off that little concern. But it was throughout.
Daniel Scott Adam: Yes, fine. Thank you.
Stephen Wynn: Dan, is there another question?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Adam Trivison with Gabelli & Company.
Adam Trivison: Hi, thanks for taking my question. Steve, can you give us your thoughts on the opportunity in Japan and how you're approaching it in the context of your other investment opportunities?
Stephen Wynn: Could you repeat the question please?
Adam Trivison: Could you talk about the opportunity in Japan and how you're approaching it in the context of all your investment opportunities?
Stephen Wynn: Matthew Maddox can handle that and I'll take all the
Matt Maddox: Sure. So we've been monitoring Japan for the last decade pretty carefully. And for us right now this is actually a really exciting time. It seems like all the right people and corporations are now focused on moving the IR implementation go forward in the next 12 months. And the Wynn focus on quality, and what we do we think fits quite well with what Japan is looking for. So we are ramping up our efforts and really excited about the opportunity.
Adam Trivison: Okay, great. That's helpful. And then, the second one, Maurice, you touched on this a little bit. But in Las Vegas REVPAR was very strong, first quarter. Can you talk a little about the way that played out over the quarter, I guess, particularly with a lot of it in March or what's the pace in there?
Maurice Wooden: Well, really, January and March. So we got out of the gate very strong with CES and then there was from a convention and transient segment. The entire quarter had a lot of strength. Obviously, in March, we didn't deal with the Easter holiday and the Passover holiday that occurred in 2016 in March. This year it's in April, so there was a shifting of that holiday period. And then we had one unique group that comes every three years, CON/AGG, CONEXPO in March, and then also helped the [city with city-wide event] [ph], a great group to have. And so, but really the strength is both transient and convention, so really then translates into cash revenue.
Adam Trivison: Okay. Great. Well, thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Shaun Kelley with Bank of America.
Shaun Kelley: Hi, good afternoon. Maybe I just wanted to go back to the ramp up at Cotai. And I guess it's probably a little bit difficult to analyze, given that January and February were so impacted by Chinese New Year. But when you kind of look back at the quarter, did you see, I guess, some continued sequential ramp up, at least across the quarter in some of the key metrics or KPIs that you guys are watching at the property?
Ian Coughlan: Yes, business has been growing in all segments, non-gaming and gaming. It hasn't been outstanding in one particular area.
Shaun Kelley: Okay. Thanks for that, Ian. And then, I guess, just as a follow-up is - we talked a little bit about the promotional environment in the mass and premium mass segments, which appears still competitive in Cotai. But could you talk a little bit about the VIP business, either what you're seeing from junkets right now, some of the interest in either extending credit from your standpoint, adding rooms, things like that, because it doesn't feel like many other people in the market right now are actually targeting this business from a competitive standpoint?
Ian Coughlan: With the type of product that we provide and service in the marketplace lends itself to being very attractive to junkets. An interesting stat is that, when Macau and Wynn Palace combine junket volume was 2.5 times our junket volume for the 60 days prior to the opening of Wynn Palace. So we are very attractive to junket operators. There are types of players. Our direct program continues to grow between the two properties. And in addition to being a great place for mass players, Wynn Palace and Wynn Macau lead in terms of VIP service and quality.
Shaun Kelley: Thanks. And maybe just a last one, Ian, are you seeing I guess new junkets or new sub-junkets like some of the signs of I guess early credit formation? Are we kind of at that part in the cycle there?
Ian Coughlan: So we certainly - we've seen junkets that have been quieter, rebuild a lot of their business. Ciaran referred to one junket that's grown from two tables to ten. We also - that's downtown Macau. At Wynn Palace, we have a new very strong junket starting in a couple of days. So there's continued interest from existing junkets and want to grow their business.
Matt Maddox: Shaun, it's Matt. One thing I think you'll appreciate is we're generating about $8.5 million of VIP revenue a day between the two properties, which is similar to the 2014, 2015 levels with less than half of the advances. So this is not a credit driven liquidity revenue like we've seen in the past. It feels very healthy.
Shaun Kelley: That's great, Matt. And then, maybe if I could, just one more on that would be, you sense a similar type of environment for the junkets themselves? Are they extending as much credit or are the customers more flush with cash as well?
Stephen Wynn: It's a tough question to answer, but it's an interesting question.
Shaun Kelley: Yes, I guess, maybe you could see it little bit in the collections, right? In the past it's been as short as 15 days, sometimes that period lengthens out a little bit, probably the only way to give any sense really.
Matt Maddox: You know what I would say is, when you talk to the junket operators they'll tell you their liquidity is much better. And what that means is they're collecting more of their debts than they were in the past on top of raising additional funds. So they're not getting the liquidity from the operators. They're getting it from better collections and from outside investors. So I think that's a good indication that the health of the junket market is much better than it was.
Stephen Wynn: It's such a good question. I'm going to ask some of the junket of that, [I didn't thought to ask them] [ph].
Shaun Kelley: Great.
Stephen Wynn: [indiscernible]. We're not given
Craig Billings: There is a general sentiment in the market at among the junket operators that they are managing to collect on debt that's owed to them and they're able to put it back into the market.
Shaun Kelley: Perfect. Thank you very much, everyone.
Operator: And there are no additional questions at this time.
Stephen Wynn: Well, thank you very much everybody. Talk to you again in 90 days or so. Appreciate your interest. Have a nice week. Bye.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude the conference call for today. We thank you for your participation and ask that you'd please disconnect all lines.

===== 2016 Q4  (2017-01-26 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, ladies and 
 gentlemen. Welcome to the Fourth Quarter 2016 Earnings Call. My 
 name is Ronnie, and I'll be your conference operator today. 
 [Operator Instructions] 
 I would now like to turn the conference over to Steve Cootey, 
 Chief Financial Officer. Please go ahead. 
Stephen Cootey: Thank you, and good afternoon. Joining the call on behalf of the 
 company today are Steve Wynn, Matt Maddox, Maurice Wooden and 
 myself here in Las Vegas. Also on the phone are the operational 
 management teams from our Las Vegas, Macau and Boston properties. 
 Before we get started, I just want to remind everyone that we 
 will be making forward-looking statements under the safe harbor 
 federal securities laws, and those statements may or may not come true. 
 And with that, I'm going to turn the call over to Mr. Wynn. 
Stephen Wynn: Very nice to have this call. You've seen our numbers, up. I have 
 a couple of comments. We opened the Palace in Macau on August 
 22nd. We opened the Wynn Macau on Labor Day of 2006. It took us 
 about a year to get that property to produce operating profits of $1 million a day. We were able in the -- in September, October, 
 November, December to get to over $800,000 a day. And the way we 
 operate, we tend to ramp up and put very little marketing 
 pressure on a property to find out what its baseline strength is.            
 I've said this before, but it's worth repeating because I'm happy 
 to say that since the 1st of the year -- and during that period, 
 the Macau and Encore properties maintained their levels of 
 revenue without being negatively or adversely affected by the new 
 hotel in Cotai and so that revenue was additive. 
 However, in -- since the 1st of the year, without Chinese New 
 Year, which is going to begin today, we were able to have the 
 Wynn Palace come up to a $1.6 million a day, and Wynn in Macau in 
 $1.4 million a day. So the 2 hotels have been throwing off about 
 $3 million a day, and I'm very glad. It means that our situation 
 is right on target, right on schedule. As a matter of fact, we're 
 a little ahead now, with our hotel occupancy at the Palace, ahead 
 of our predictions. We're running in the 90s at rate, and we're 
 pushing rates upwards in our occupancy, which has caused us to 
 have very good mass market success in Cotai. 
 We're still barricaded on 4 sides by construction by both by the 
 city's light rail system and by construction on 2 sides, by SJM 
 and MGM. And at this point, we're not really clear on when those 
 properties will open. But we are pretty clear that the light rail 
 and our barricades, that have interfered with foot traffic, will 
 be relieved by the spring. 
 So I think if you're planning and looking at our operation in 
 Cotai, you can pretty much figure that we're going to be 
 barricade-free by the second half of this year, sometime during 
 the second quarter. So the fact that we're experiencing this good 
 mass market activity is a function of our high occupancy at 
 Cotai, which produces a higher end customer consistent with our 
 position in the market, both in the Macau original downtown area 
 and the Cotai area. 
 Our fourth quarter was satisfactory in Las Vegas, and January is 
 operating ahead of last year as we head into Chinese New Year, 
 which kicks in pretty much tonight, tomorrow and this weekend. So 
 we expect a happy ending or at least a vigorous ending in terms 
 of casino activity at the end of January going into Super Bowl in 
 February and the holidays in the first quarter. 
 That's pretty much my take as an overlook on our operations. 
 We've been in construction since July in Boston. Bob DeSalvio is 
 on the telephone. One of the most unusual parts about our 
 business is that our 2 Chinese op -- our Chinese operations are 
 run by 2 Irishmen. And Ciarn and Ian are both on the call. And 
 Matt and I are here with Maurice Wooden, who runs America, to 
 answer any of your questions. And we'd be happy to take them now. 
 Questions? Ma'am, you can begin to take questions on this call if 
 I'm still on it. Does nobody have any questions today? 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we have a question from the line of 
 Felicia Hendrix. 
Felicia Hendrix: So the color you just gave us in the opening remarks were very 
 helpful, where Wynn Palace has ramped to on EBITDA per day. And I 
 was just wondering if you could just talk to us about what has 
 happened to that property since the last quarter to get there? 
 Has it been more tweaking the product, more proactive marketing? 
 Has it benefited from the growth in the market? All of the above? 
 I just think it would be helpful to get some details around what 
 has been driving that. And then in line with that, regarding the 
 margins that you're generating at the property, the EBITDA 
 margins, like, have you gotten to above 20%? How long does it 
 take to get to normalized margins at the property? 
Stephen Wynn: You know what? I think that Ian is perfect. He is -- he got up at 
 5:30 in the morning to talk to you, and I think we ought to let 
 him do so. 
Ian Coughlan: Felicia, we've done a significant amount of work at Wynn Palace 
 after the property opened. We completely reconfigured our main 
 casino floor, and that's driven much greater animation and 
 excitement. We've added 2 themes, slot sections, a high promotion 
 -- high-energy promotions area, a new poker area. We've also 
 increased accessibility to our high-limits area. We're 
 constructing a new noodle restaurant on the floor, which has made 
 the casino smaller and also helps with the energy. We have 
 increased our marketing activity both from an awareness 
 perspective and also with general players that are visiting. And we have increased headcount. We've become a member of the much- 
 fabled Cotai Connection, which is bringing in just over 1,000 
 extra people a day. And the ramp-up in occupancy from the low 70s to mid-90s has been a big help in animating the property. And just generally, we're finding after you get through the chaos of the first 6 to 8 weeks, a property settles and the true players in Cotai are finding our property and discovering it and visiting 
 us. We were very much helped by exposure over the October Golden 
 Week. And particularly, Christmas and New Year was a very busy 
 period for us. So people are experiencing the property, the right 
 type of players are coming and they're finding it to be their 
 home. There has also been a very, very active program of 
 reenergizing inactive players, players that had either split 
 their play from Wynn Macau into the new properties in Cotai or 
 had moved over to Cotai completely. And we've reenergized a lot 
 of those players and they're coming to our property. So we've 
 been helped by a lift in the market also, but it's pretty much 
 everything that Steve covered earlier. 
Stephen Wynn: One of the things that is being demonstrated, once again, it's 
 not the amount of tables, it's whose active, and we're probably a 
 perfect example of that. Wouldn't you say so, Ian? 
Ian Coughlan: Yes. 
Stephen Wynn: Yes, I don't know what our market share is going to show, but I 
 suspect that it will climb from the last quarter. 
Ian Coughlan: Chinese New Year is a great exposure opportunity for us as well. 
 It's the first prolonged holiday period. So we expect very, very 
 high visitation from people that would normally attend other 
 properties. 
Felicia Hendrix: And if we did our quick math correctly, it looks like VIP versus 
 mass mix is roughly 60/40. Where do you want that property to end 
 up? 
Stephen Wynn: What about that Ian? 
Ian Coughlan: I mean, we're growing all segments of the business. We've seen -- 
 the interesting thing in the split between Wynn Macau downtown 
 and Wynn Palace is the strength of our junkets and also the fact 
 that our mass play downtown hasn't been affected a drop. So we're 
 continuing to grow all segments at Wynn Palace. But where the 
 split works out, we'll see. But I think it will be healthy and 
 pretty similar to our operation downtown. 
Stephen Wynn: Right. And it could -- I should add this. Because we get such big 
 play, volatility plays a role month-to-month in that sort of 
 thing, probably more so with us than with some of our neighbors, 
 and that's also true in Las Vegas. But having mentioned that, 
 volatility is a factor when you look at our company compared to 
 our colleagues up and down the street here and abroad. But 
 remember, that volatility factor does have a concomitant benefit. 
 We always, year-in and year-out, run a higher hold percentage 
 than our neighbors. And that's a historical fact, and it has to 
 do with the kind of people that come to a place that is geared 
 toward the top end of the market. Even though we have more 
 volatility, we still settle at a higher level than everybody 
 else. 
Felicia Hendrix: And just on the EBITDA -- the margin question? 
Stephen Wynn: 30% in Las Vegas. And Matt, what is it China? Very close? 
Matt Maddox: Yes. I mean, it's -- Wynn Macau has always been in that 30% range. 
 And your question was when can we get Wynn Palace ramped up over 20%? 
 I think that is certainly going in that direction right now. So 
 we're seeing [indiscernible] on everything. 
Felicia Hendrix: Yes, that's what I was asking. Like so -- are you over 20% now? Not 
 in the quarter, but through this? 
Matt Maddox: Yes, yes, yes. 
Stephen Wynn: Yes, we're on our way there. So... 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Carlo Santarelli with 
 Deutsche Bank. 
Carlo Santarelli: Matt, just quickly in terms of Peninsula low mass hold, high VIP 
 hold, looked a little lower on VIP at Palace. The net effect of 
 all of that stuff with respect to EBITDA, any kind of guidance on 
 that? 
Stephen Cootey: It's about -- this is Steve. About $6 million light. 
Stephen Wynn: 6 -- we're $6 million light. We just had another $6 million. 
Carlo Santarelli: Would have been another $6 million. Okay, great. And then, Steve, 
 on your comments regarding kind of October, November, December, I 
 think $840 million a day was the EBITDA at Palace. You said over 
 $800,000 a day for -- was that for each of the 3 months? 
Stephen Wynn: I -- Ian, is that -- is it? I didn't look at that, that way, or 
 at least I had forgotten. Matt, [indiscernible] 
Matt Maddox: It's around... 
Ian Coughlan: In consecutive months. 
Carlo Santarelli: Great. Okay. That's helpful. And then, Ian or Ciarn, and just 
 whoever wants to opine. But in terms of what you guys are seeing 
 in the market right now, and I'm speaking more so towards the VIP side. Clearly from the DICJ results for the fourth quarter, VIP has meaningfully changed. What is your opinion on that as we look out to 2017? And do you think we're at the beginning of a 
 sustained rally in that market? 
Ian Coughlan: It's been fits and starts throughout 2016. People talked about a 
 VIP recovery, but we really have seen a recovery over the last 
 2.5, 3 months. There's a lot more confidence. There appears to be more liquidity in the market, particularly with the junkets, and it's being sustained. So the outlook is pretty promising. 
Stephen Wynn: I have said this before and I want to repeat it again. It is very 
 important to keep a long view of China. The leadership of that 
 country, and this is also true of Macau, it is a meritocracy and 
 there are smart people running the government. They don't move as fast as we do in the United States, especially these days with our new administration, but there is a steady program afoot. Xi Jinping decided that it was a priority of his administration to 
 eliminate the perception of corruption that was held by the 
 people with regard to government. And that effort was vigorous 
 and protracted and it did have an effect. But it seemed to be the right thing to do for the right reasons, and it had an effect on luxury brands and -- such as gaming and Louis Vuitton and Chanel and Mercedes-Benz and that sort of thing. But the long-term thrust of China is inexorable and undeniable. And that's why we build what we built, and we're going to build more in the future 
 because we have real estate to do it. We have a very, very 
 bullish, bullish attitude about China long term for our company. 
 And as we manage our properties, we -- in anticipation of that 
 kind of movement in the general economy, we're being rewarded. 
 And I think it's probably a sound way of looking at China and our business long term. 
Carlo Santarelli: Great. And then, if I could, just one follow-up. I know you 
 mentioned Bob's on the phone. It looks as if costs for Boston are up maybe $300 million at the midpoint. Could you talk a little bit about maybe what that relates to? 
Matt Maddox: Yes, the -- this is Matt Maddox. So we're working through our GMP right now. The previous budget had been in there for a number of years. We put a fairly conservative estimate out of -- in our 
 current earnings release. And I think over the next 90 days, 
 we'll have much more clarity as we nail our -- as we finalize our 
 guaranteed maximum price contract. 
Stephen Wynn: But it's moving along. I mean, they're proceeding at pace. We've 
 been in construction since July, and we're satisfied with the 
 progress. 
Matt Maddox: It's -- we've spent about $467 million to date. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joe Greff with JPMorgan. 
Joseph Greff: Just a question on Wynn Palace. I think it was Ian who mentioned 
 about some of the physical changes that you guys are making to 
 the property. Amongst some other things that you're doing is 
 maybe marketing differently or to different customers. Can you 
 talk about marketing expenses? Are they elevated relative to what 
 you think might be a normalized level? And to what extent do you 
 think they might normalize over time over what time frame? 
Stephen Wynn: That's an interesting question. Ian, do you want to take a crack 
 at that? You or Ciarn? Or [indiscernible] 
Ian Coughlan: Sure. Linked with the opening and marketing expenses were in the 
 range that we anticipated, but they were slightly higher than 
 what we'll have as a run rate for the remainder of the year. 
 We've already seen the marketing expenses start to come down. So 
 they're within the Cotai range. It's a different market place 
 than downtown. Marketing reinvestment is generally higher than 
 Cotai, but it's where we anticipated it to be. 
Joseph Greff: Great. And, Ciarn, welcome to the fun conference calls here. 
 Maybe you can talk about, since you're new, where you see the 
 opportunities for Wynn Palace to improve? And Steve Wynn, maybe, 
 Steve, you can talk a little bit about maybe some of the 
 opportunities that are more obvious now that were less obvious 
 upon the opening in terms of ways to improve revenue and 
 profitability there from here. 
Ciarn Carruthers: Go ahead. 
Stephen Wynn: Go ahead, Ciarn. 
Ciarn Carruthers: Thank you for the welcome. I'll let Ian talk to the opportunities 
 there for Wynn Palace as my fault as now is going to be to 
 continue to maintain the position and the performance of the 
 downtown Wynn Macau property. Obviously, the Peninsula remains a 
 very solid proposition for the very core market of high-level 
 game as they're coming into Macau. And I think the performance in 
 Q4 is solid as that has been despite the opening of Wynn Palace, 
 despite the opening of some of the other new properties on Cotai. 
 All is very well moving forward into future. Obviously, work to 
 be done to continue to maintain that position and maintain the 
 service planners and so on. It's been incredibly welcome and 
 enjoying the property and seeing just how much commitment there 
 has been, both from Las Vegas in terms of the spend to maintain 
 the physical property and also the commitment and the hard work 
 of the team of professionals that are there and -- that provide just 
 excellent service. We've just got to continue to build on that. 
Stephen Wynn: Look, the way to look at us and that'll give you the insight to 
 project us, we have a very definite approach to this whole notion 
 of the gaming business and integrated resorts. And our approach 
 is based upon 2 solid truths. Number one, better customers. 
 People who have the money to choose, who engage in visiting 
 hotels and facilities of this type have a common thread that is 
 undeniable. And that is they go where they're treated the best 
 and where the facilities are superior. If you are a player who 
 attends these places, you have a choice and you always go -- in 
 the long run, always go with the rooms are better, where the 
 facility is immaculately maintained and where the staff has had 
 invested in it tremendous amount of energy for training and 
 personal attention to the guest. That is to say, we're very 
 customized in the way we treat our people and the way we present 
 our facilities. In the long run, that garners the strongest 
 possible clientele. And again, I point out, it's who's in the 
 building, who's sleeping in the rooms that determines the 
 results, both in gaming and non-gaming results. It is true that 
 there is a second approach to this business, which is more akin 
 to Walmart and the mass approach. And the Sands and the Galaxy 
 and the Melco people do that beautifully. We come to these people 
 with a different message, that if you have the money and the 
 inclination to visit such places, ours offers the most luxurious 
 environment and the best service and the best food. And in the 
 end -- and our shops are catered to the kind of people we expect 
 to be staying in the rooms. That's to say that our facility is, 
 at the end of the day, truly integrated, but it's integrated with 
 a philosophy that's integrated. And that tells you our story. 
 That's the Wynn story plain and simple. It's never been any 
 different, whether it was the Golden Nugget downtown, the Golden 
 Nugget of Atlantic City, Beau Rivage in Mississippi, the Wynn and 
 the Encore in the central part of Macau or the new Palace at 
 Cotai. And that will be exactly what happens in Boston. And 
 that's going to be our story, and it won't change. And you've got 
 a long history of our operations from Rivage and Bellagio and the 
 Golden Nugget to the buildings that we're operating today. There 
 is nothing mysterious or secretive or in a certain sense, 
 particularly cunning, about what we do. It's very 
 straightforward, right out in the open where everybody can see 
 it. Our competitors choose to approach their challenge in a 
 slightly different way, and it's certainly valid based upon the 
 earnings and the results of those places, but we slot in 
 somewhere else. And in the long run, it gives us tremendous 
 stability and performance that a room for room, foot by foot in 
 any building that we built, they tend to over-perform. And we're 
 comfortable doing this. I would say that we probably -- our 
 management team is a collection of men and women who are 
 attracted to the pursuit of excellence. We share a common 
 understanding of who we are and what we present to our guests. So 
 we're at least consistent, but we're definitely different in our 
 approach than some of the other places. And that's not to say 
 that their approach is less valid than ours. But ours is well- 
 defined and historically consistent. 
Joseph Greff: Steve, can you give us the latest update on Paradise Park and the 
 developments on the golf course? 
Stephen Wynn: Well, that takes up most of my time. And we're very close to 
 having our choices settled in. And we are adding significantly to 
 our non-casino revenue, both in the building of the lagoon and 
 everything that surround that lake. It's a 1,000-feet x 1,000- 
 feet in general terms, close to 20 acres of -- 20 or 23 acres of 
 space, surrounded by a 4,400-foot long boardwalk, that's 18-feet 
 wide and which is ringed with retail food and beverage and an 
 additional hotel rooms, convention and meeting space and various 
 attractions for the 800,000 people a week that come here. And it 
 includes a new big theater, a new tower of rooms, substantial 
 expansion of our convention and meeting space and related 
 entertainment attractions and customer activities that we think 
 will appeal to a broad range of folks. And having the ability to 
 have a perimeter that's white sand beaches and a boardwalk seems 
 to us to be pretty fetching in the middle of the Southern Nevada 
 desert. We have a unique... 
Joseph Greff: What are you thinking in terms of the timetable? 
Stephen Wynn: I hope to take -- Matt and I hope to take the business plan to 
 our Board of Directors in the second quarter and therefore, be in 
 a position to begin work in the fourth quarter of this year. I 
 say that, but we have to have our prices and our business plan 
 all locked down before I go to my board to get their permission 
 to proceed. We keep the board apprised in every meeting and on 
 every telephone call of our latest nuance in that development. 
 But the incredible amount of options that were available on this 
 130 acres with a 1,000-acre feet of private water, the choices 
 were numerous. And my challenge and my design team that had been 
 with me for over 35 years has been to make sure that we make the 
 right choices. And there have been so many of them, it's been 
 dizzying. But I think that we've nailed it down. We've wrestled 
 it to the ground. And Maurice, Matt, all of us have a tremendous 
 amount of confidence that it's the only way forward. I mentioned 
 that last September -- for example, very interesting. Last 
 September, there were 30 days in Las Vegas, for example. We won a 
 $1,870,000 a day in the -- in gaming, and that had to be the 
 biggest number in America or anywhere but Singapore and Macau in 
 the world. And as good as that was, $1,870,000 a day, and that 
 was net of any discounts or promotion allowances, our non-casino 
 revenue was $3,340,000 a day net of comps. That tells you about 
 this causal relationship between non-casino revenue and an 
 integrated resort and casino revenue. It's the non-casino things 
 that bring the folks and determine their choices of where to play 
 the games. And so, when we approach the design of the golf course 
 property, which sits on our books at a cost of 0, that whole 
 parcel, it's -- has been written off in prior development. We 
 think that we want to take our non-casino revenue to enormously 
 high levels because we think that the probability of this 800,000 
 people a week in this city remaining the same and growing is 
 almost a certainty. And that's the fundamental assumption about 
 Las Vegas that leads us to wade in to the convention and non- 
 casino end of the business with a high degree of confidence and 
 entertainment as well. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Harry Curtis with 
 Nomura. 
Harry Curtis: Two quick questions, and welcome, Ciarn. I am -- I wanted to 
 focus on the growth in VIP in the fourth quarter versus 
 sequentially from the third quarter just in the market as a 
 whole. Yet at the same time, the overall trend in mass was flat. 
 And the -- and I'm -- I would have thought that there would be an 
 inverse relationship 3 or 4 months ago. So I wanted you guys why 
 you thought, particularly mass was -- has yet or is slow to take 
 off given the openings. 
Stephen Wynn: Do you understand that question, Matt? 
Matt Maddox: Yes, I do. I think that if you look back over our history, Harry, 
 when new properties open, the junkets ramp up much faster than 
 mass. They get quick injections of liquidity and hit the ground 
 running. The mass market customers with new openings tend to not 
 come right away and then find their way to the market more in -- 
 a little more slowly. But junkets pretty much come out of the 
 gate at 100%. So that's what -- I think what you saw in the 
 fourth quarter was VIP revenue at $4.1 billion compared to $3.5 
 billion for the market. In the third quarter, you saw the new 
 properties really powering the VIP market. 
Stephen Wynn: And then again, with mass, we're still hamstrung, Matt, don't you 
 think by the barriers that surround our property? 
Matt Maddox: We are, we are, and in areas from out the market overall. Mass 
 was -- it was pretty much flat from the third quarter, but that 
 has always, when I look at the data, ramped up more slowly than 
 VIPs with new properties opening for the -- due to what the 
 junket operators, how they inject the liquidity straight into the 
 market. 
Stephen Wynn: Does that get you, Harry? Is that your -- does that answer? 
Harry Curtis: It does. And, Steve, a question for you. You commented about how 
 bullish you were about making incremental investments in Macau 
 and China. If you could put that comment into context versus the 
 -- kind of the rhetoric that's been going on between our new 
 administration and Xi Jinping's Beijing administration, it's been 
 strained. What do you think the implications are for Wynn 
 development in China, given this, at least, initial saber 
 rattling? 
Stephen Wynn: I think that's probably a good word for it. I'm of the mind and I 
 have a reason to believe that this position is shared in 
 Washington. As you know, I am acquainted with the administration. 
 Several of us in my -- in our business, were sitting within 30- 
 feet of President Trump when he took his oath of office on the 
 platform last Friday. We all believe and I mean, all of us, that 
 the most overwhelmingly important event geopolitically for the 
 next 50 years is liaison, a constructive liaison between the 
 People's Republic of China and the United States of America. That 
 truth is undeniable. That dynamic is unquestioned. Now, there are 
 issues that are real between 2 dynamic economies like China and 
 the United States, undeniably. And there's a difference between 
 free trade and predatory trade. The government in China 
 understands that it has to do a better job with intellectual 
 property rights. They do the best they can in China to create 
 jobs and take people out of poverty, and that makes them very 
 dynamic in the management of their economy with that single goal 
 in mind. It affects everything from the way they treat energy, to 
 create plants and factories, to how they manage the currency and 
 the movement of currency and their trade policy. The United 
 States has its own point of view on that subject, and the 
 President has been really clear during the campaign that he wants 
 to protect American jobs. Well, that's what they want to do in 
 China as well. So there's going to have to be a reproach -- 
 there's going to have to be an adjustment. But we basically do 
 have intelligent people on both sides dealing with this. My own 
 feeling is that it will resolve itself intelligently. You can 
 make all kinds of examples. I mean, China controls its currency, 
 but during QE1, 2 and 3, we devalued the U.S. dollar by close to 
 20%. So when the Fed in financing a deficit of close to $2 
 billion a day increases the money supply, well, that's the same 
 sort of thing, we just do it differently than they do in a 
 centrally-controlled government like Beijing. But a lot of the 
 same things are happening on both sides of the ocean, and they're 
 being done to protect the citizens of those 2 countries. Yet, 
 there isn't a leader in America or a leader in China that doesn't 
 understand that when the United States and the People's Republic 
 of China come together on an intelligent basis, the world is a 
 better place. I'm in a position to know that, that opinion is 
 held in Washington and Beijing. And it gives me long-term 
 confidence in spite of what happens short-term verbally. We 
 mustn't confuse long-term United States policy with the short- 
 term conversations that lead to its development. Do I sound like 
 a politician? That's what happens. That's what happens. We just 
 spent 4 days in Washington and you get brainwashed. It's a 
 sickness but it's fascinating and the fact that America is going 
 through a change is probably the greatest thing that's happened 
 in my lifetime because we were so on the wrong track for the past 
 8 years. And I've made no secret about that, and I think we're in 
 for better times for sure. 
Harry Curtis: To rein this back in towards -- or back towards Wynn in China, 
 with -- despite these -- the somewhat strained verbal sparring, 
 you feel confident that additional investment in Macau is coming? 
Stephen Wynn: Absolutely. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Thomas Allen with 
 Morgan Stanley. 
Thomas Allen: So focusing on Macau in the fourth quarter, I'm comparing the 
 Wynn Macau property to Wynn Palace. Your VIP turnover was 
 comparable but your mass drop at Wynn Palace was about 35% lower 
 than Wynn Macau. As you continue to ramp up Palace, how do you 
 think that should change? 
Stephen Wynn: Directly related to the physical barriers that surround our 
 properties, and that only gets better with each passing week and 
 month this spring. That's my answer about that. There's an awful 
 lot of people a few hundred yards from our property, but they 
 can't quite get there, and they will, they positively will, just 
 like they did in the past. Watch it change. I tell you that it 
 will change. You can believe me or not believe me, but it's as 
 simple as that. 
Ian Coughlan: It's also due to Wynn Macau having had 10 years to build up an 
 incredibly high stable of high-limit players, particularly in 
 Encore and it will take time to build that at Wynn Palace. Seeing 
 is believing. It gets better every week. We're seeing a buildup 
 in our high-limit players and that will continue to grow over the 
 coming months. 
Thomas Allen: All right. And then just, Stephen, December you sold some of your 
 Vegas retail to Crown Acquisitions, can you just talk about the 
 rationale there? 
Stephen Wynn: Matt did that deal which was absolutely perfectly timed for us 
 and I'll let him describe it. 
Matt Maddox: So we looked at it for multiple reasons. #1, the people that we 
 partnered with are long-time retailers and in the business. And 
 so we wanted to continue to control our retail. We sold a 
 minority stake. We thought it was a good capital raise at a 
 multiple that double where we trade on the market. And so not 
 only was it the ability to raise capital to fund future projects 
 at a really high multiple, but we brought in partners with a lot 
 of experience in the luxury retail space to complement what we 
 already do. So for us, it was really a win-win, and we still 
 control it and consolidate the profits of the retail space 
 because we have over 50% of the ownership. 
Stephen Wynn: And Haim Chera and his father, Stanley and his -- that whole 
 Chera family that makes up the Crown organization, they taught us 
 a few things right off the bat. They gave us a few pointers in 
 the nuance of how we do our leases that immediately increased our 
 profitability. 
Stephen Cootey: Yes. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robin Farley with UBS. 
Robin Farley: I wanted to ask about -- you talked about how Palace is going to 
 ramp up. At your Analyst Day last year, I think you talked about 
 a range of kind 6.30% to 8.50% which is a wide range. Is that 
 still where you're thinking it will ramp? And then similarly, I 
 think you had talked about Wynn Macau, that you were maybe 
 factoring in, that it would be sort of 20% or 25% 
 cannibalization. Is that still -- also, do you think that you 
 will maybe sort of ramp to that on the downside at Wynn Macau? I 
 know this quarter was obviously -- it was only down 7% in EBITDA, 
 but just thinking about what your expectations were originally. 
Stephen Wynn: We don't think there's much cannibalization. That 25%, where did 
 that come from? 
Stephen Cootey: That was our analyst presentation showing the Wynn Palace, Wynn 
 Macau market study of over a year ago, back about in April. 
Stephen Wynn: Do you still believe it? 
Stephen Cootey: No. What we've seen is Wynn Macau has held up better than we 
 anticipated due to all the reasons we just talked about, the 
 stickiness of the clientele and the 10 years of history. And the 
 ramp-up of Wynn Palace, as we talked about in our last call, is 
 taking longer. We actually didn't anticipate all of the 
 artificial barriers, the construction, not being on the Cotai 
 Connection, et cetera. So getting to the $600-plus million in 
 2017, it's going to take longer to ramp just -- than that just 
 like we said on our last call, but Wynn Macau is actually 
 performing better than we expected. 
Robin Farley: Oh yes. No, and I wasn't suggesting that, that would be the '17. 
 I understand that the property opened later and the ramp-up 
 issues. I'm just wondering if that is still the range where you 
 think it will ultimately ramp. And then similarly, do you think 
 that as that ramps, the Wynn Macau will maybe get a little bit 
 more cannibalization along the lines of what you had originally 
 thought as well? 
Stephen Wynn: Well, Robin, with regard to the cannibalization, as Macau -- as 
 the Palace has ramped up, we haven't experienced a 
 cannibalization downtown. So what we thought before but what 
 we're seeing now are slightly different in a better way. So the 
 only way that we can really know, Robin, is to watch the ramp-up 
 of the Palace and to continually monitor the performance of the 
 Encore Wynn facility in Macau. You're asking an interesting 
 question. We are pretty much as you are, an observer of this. So 
 far, it's been good news. But the biggest thing we're looking 
 forward to, as these barriers and these obstructions come away, 
 is the ramp up of our mass business. I would have thought, Robin, 
 that the cannibalization would have occurred with the junket 
 operators and that's -- because that's where we thought it would 
 show up, and it didn't as yet. So if the mass market ramps up in 
 Cotai, I don't think it's going to affect the mass market of 
 downtown. That would be -- that would have been our -- that would 
 have been where we looked for at the least. We would have looked 
 for at the most in the junkets. And as you see, that's not what's 
 happening. I think that there's more good news in the mass market 
 in Cotai for sure because of all these other things we've talked 
 about, and I'm encouraged by what we're seeing with the junkets. 
 But I think that the Wynn Palace will get where it's supposed to 
 get. I think Wynn Macau may stay better than we thought. 
Robin Farley: Great. That's helpful. And then 
Stephen Wynn: Is that response... 
Robin Farley: Yes, that's just -- so I think what you're saying is that you do 
 still expect that -- that range that you talked about 9 months 
 ago, it's still the range ultimately that you'll get to... 
Stephen Wynn: With one exception. With the exemption that we may not experience 
 the cannibalization levels we mentioned earlier. 
Robin Farley: Right. Right. No, that's great. And then last thing, just 
 quickly, what percent of rooms are sold for cash at the Cotai 
 property? 
Stephen Wynn: What about that, Ian? 
Ian Coughlan: So what we've experienced is very similar to the Cotai model. 
 We're doing around 60% of our rooms are casino -- directly casino 
 related, more comp-related and 40% are tour and travel, FIT and 
 wholesale. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Shaun Kelley with Bank 
 of America. 
Shaun Kelley: I just wanted to go back to some of the sequential ramp-up you 
 guys are starting to see into Q1. From our seat, it's always 
 getting a little harder to get a sense of what's going on with 
 the market, kind of on a monthly basis. So I guess my question is 
 in terms of that big ramp-up that you're continuing to see so far 
 this year, how much of that would you characterize as the market 
 versus Palace and your properties continuing to take share? 
Stephen Wynn: Ian, do you have a feel for that question? 
Ian Coughlan: Well, we've -- there was a very pleasant surprise at the end of 
 the last year and earlier into this year. We had a very strong 
 Christmas and New Year as a market, a lot of holiday travel, a 
 lot of holiday travel out of China, and revenues were excellent. 
 And the sentiment about Chinese New Year is particularly strong. 
 Last year, Chinese New Year, people were pretty duller entering 
 it, not expecting much, but this year, at all levels of the 
 business, people are anticipating a very, very strong Chinese New 
 Year. 
Stephen Wynn: We are as well in Las Vegas. Maurice is here, and he can address 
 the -- this next few weeks. 
Maurice Wooden: So we've actually continued to see a great trend that we saw at 
 the end of last quarter or the last month of last year, into the 
 earlier part of this year. And our parties and our events are 
 full. And as far as the amount of credit coming in, it's been 
 pretty robust. So we're pretty confident that we've seen the kind 
 of activity that makes us feel comfortable that we've got the 
 kind of business flow that we've been looking and anticipating 
 for this year. 
Shaun Kelley: Great, and maybe just to switch gears for a follow-up. Now that 
 Palace seems to have stabilized a little bit and the ramp-up's 
 looking pretty secure, could you maybe talk to us how you're 
 thinking about leverage targets kind of into 2017 and how that 
 might filter through to possibly looking at the dividend policy 
 again, how that's sort of fits in your pecking order versus kind 
 of growth capital? 
Matt Maddox: Well, Shaun, it's Matt. If you look at our balance sheet, we have 
 significant cash on the balance sheet. We have projects underway. 
 So I would expect debt to remain fairly constant over the next 
 couple of years, but EBITDA is growing. So we're not really 
 interested in paying down a lot of debt right now. At the rate 
 our EBITDA is growing, leverage is very comfortable, and we have 
 lots of cash on the balance sheet for future projects. 
Shaun Kelley: So Matt, does that mean that, I guess, to the extent you're 
 generating positive operating cash flow, there is room to bump 
 the dividend? Or would it be more fair to kind of think about 
 being conservative right now, given just all -- just capital 
 budgets and things that can tend to shift around? 
Stephen Wynn: Well, we have only 100 million shares outstanding, so bumping the 
 dividend conservatively is not a -- doesn't really change our 
 financial posture. We're doing $0.50 a quarter and I suppose it's 
 possible we could go to $0.75 or something, but we haven't 
 discussed that. We've been more focused on: a, working on our 
 Macau operation and getting it stabilized; b, finishing what 
 we're doing here in planning in Las Vegas; and c, putting final 
 touches on everything that Bob DeSalvio is running in Boston. The 
 gaming market in America is subject to change. Things happen and 
 opportunities present themselves. I think that we probably want 
 to take a look in the next few months and see how all that plays 
 out before we tinker with any of the kinds of things you're 
 talking about, like a dividend or anything like that. The 
 market's moving, opportunities may present themselves and then 
 that would have to be folded into our planning financially. I 
 don't think there's just a hell of a lot more to say than that. 
Stephen Cootey: I think that's right. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Adam Trivison with 
 Gabelli. 
Adam Trivison: Given that you have meaningful operations on both the Peninsula 
 and in Cotai, I'm interested in your thoughts on how the opening 
 of the PacOn ferry terminal may affect visitation trends in 
 Macau? 
Stephen Wynn: What do you thing about that, Ian? 
Ian Coughlan: I think any infrastructure that comes online is going to be good 
 for Macau. It allows more visitation. It'll certainly the 
 Peninsula, the current ferry terminal and -- excuse me, it will 
 help Cotai. The current ferry terminal in Cotai is very temporary 
 in nature and not a good arrival experience. So we're looking 
 forward to the opening of it. 
Adam Trivison: Great, that's helpful. And as a follow-up, based on some recent 
 filings, it looks like there were some small changes made to the 
 Wynn Boston Harbor floor plans. Can you comment on those changes 
 and maybe the thinking there? 
Stephen Wynn: DeSalvio, you haven't said anything today. Why don't you chime 
 in? 
Robert J. DeSalvio: Sure. Yes, we actually got some -- I think we got some very good 
 learning off of the opening of Palace, and we've been making 
 shifts in terms of lightening up a little bit on the retail, 
 increasing some food and beverage and meeting space opportunities 
 because we thought that would be the right mix for the property. 
 So we made those adjustments and they're going through final 
 drawings, and we think it was the right move. 
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of David Katz with 
 Telsey Advisory Group. 
David Katz: I wanted to just -- I know it's been asked from a couple of 
 different angles, but I wanted to ask about the VIP business and 
 the degree to which there is market lift. And specifically, how 
 sustainable you believe the -- I think Ian used the word 
 excellent in describing the trends. How sustainable you expect 
 those to be versus how much is the trajectory of ramp-up in that 
 business because you are now open? 
Stephen Wynn: Good question. And I understand why you ask it again. So there's 
 market trajectory and then there's our trajectory. We have an 
 advantage. You remember a few moments ago, Ian used the word 
 sticky, meaning the customer base was sticky at Wynn Macau. They 
 like it there and it's hard to pull them out of that place 
 because it appeals to them on many levels. And what happens is 
 our trajectory is very much linked to the discovery that 
 customers make of the superiority of our rooms, of the whole 
 place and how much fun it is to stay there. So we tend to get 
 stickier with better players with each passing month. And so, I 
 have to say that we only make money by paying attention to our 
 own business. What the market does is very important, of course, 
 because we're part of it, but we're working on our own trajectory 
 and we have a definite way of thinking about that and addressing 
 it. If I understand your question correctly, there's my view. 
David Katz: In other words, you're comfortable with where your trajectory is 
 headed and the market helps to some degree, but it's like... 
Stephen Wynn: Well, sure because we spent $4.4 billion making sure that we 
 could feel comfortable. We didn't really leave this to 
 salesmanship or verbalization by a CEO or any of the other senior 
 people in the company. We did this by putting our money where our 
 mouth is, and letting the property speak for itself. And as 
 people discover it, the property speaks with a very loud, 
 affirmative voice and says -- and beckons to people. When they 
 discover our rooms, when they see the facility, they say, "Wow, I 
 could stay here." Now, it takes a while for them to do that but 
 they do it. They always have done it, in Nevada, in Mississippi, 
 in New Jersey. They'll do it in Boston. It's always been the 
 same. The history of our operations is a straight-line story, 
 very much like the one that I keep repeating on these calls. And 
 it's the only thing we understand. 
David Katz: Understood. If I can just ask one more about the construction 
 disruption that you discussed at the beginning. MGM is on one 
 side and the degree to which they may be having an impact with 
 construction disruption today versus when they open which is now 
 later than what was anticipated. If you can just share some 
 thoughts about sort of how you see that impact or lack thereof 
 evolving over the remainder of the year, that would be helpful. 
Stephen Wynn: Okay. You bet I'd like to comment on that. In 1986, I bought the 
 property that is now known as the Mirage, and I built -- and it 
 was big enough to hold Treasure Island and the Mirage over a 
 period of time. But we built the hotel right up against the 
 Caesars Palace borderline, on the south end of that assembly 
 because we wanted to be near our neighbors. We thrive in a 
 competitive environment. We do much better when there is more 
 people around us, not less because there's a certain percentage 
 of the people that go to these other hotels to which -- to whom 
 we appeal in particular. It doesn't do us any good to be alone or 
 isolated. We want to be snug up against our neighbors because the 
 more rooms that surround us, the more people, the better chance 
 we have of attracting them. So we anxiously await the arrival of 
 SJM and MGM. The reason that the Wynn Macau was such an 
 overwhelming whopping success was because of its proximity to SJM 
 to the Arc, to -- what's the other place, Matt, something world? 
Matt Maddox: StarWorld. 
Stephen Wynn: StarWorld. We're surrounded downtown by these people and it 
 allows us to have an extraordinary, outrageous return on capital. 
 I think we spent $750 million on the Wynn Macau, and we made like 
 $100 million dollars a month at one point there. It's because of 
 our proximity to our neighbors, it's because we're in the midst 
 of so many visitors that we have the opportunity to exploit our 
 competitive advantages of facility and service. So we're dying 
 for MGM to open and SJM to get up and running. We welcome our 
 neighbors. We're willing to build bridges between the properties, 
 easy access. And that's one of the reasons why the Sands 
 experiences such terrific results. It's because of their 
 connectivity and their proximity to one another. And right now, 
 we're not enjoying that but we will, I hope, in 2017 at some 
 point, have the benefit of active, dynamic, well-constructed 
 neighbors who each brings something to the world of visitors that 
 makes Macau more powerful. That's the beauty of this development. 
 Las Vegas and Macau prosper because of the development, not in 
 spite of it. And we ride that wave like a surfer. So we're 
 hopeful that they get open in the fourth quarter or the third, 
 whenever. We haven't anything lately, maybe you have. I haven't 
 heard when SJM is supposed to open. Does anybody in my team know 
 what SJM's announcements are? It's a mystery. Hopefully, maybe 
 when they issue their earnings, they'll talk about it or the 
 investment community will ask them. Does anybody on this call 
 know when SJM is supposed to be finished? Do you sir? 
David Katz: I do not. 
Stephen Wynn: Yes. Ian, do you know what the latest completion dates are on our 
 neighbors? 
Ian Coughlan: Sometime in 2018 for the Lisboa Palace and all therein. And for 
 MGM, they announce the second half of this year. 
Stephen Wynn: But it's '18 for SJM? 
Ian Coughlan: Yes. 
Stephen Wynn: Well, they're on our south border. That's the least... 
Ian Coughlan: What's going to be interesting is we're going to have a quartet 
 of quality on the west side of Cotai, Steve. You'll have 
 ourselves, MGM and SJM, and then with City of Dreams across the 
 road with their new Morpheus Tower, you have 4 high-quality 
 projects all within walking distance of each other. So that would 
 become its own hub in Cotai; the first stop on the light rail 
 after the new PacOn ferry terminal in the airport. So the 
 future's very bright for West Cotai. 
Stephen Wynn: I wish it was true in Las Vegas, across the street from us, where 
 Packard [ph] was going to build and what I think the Malaysian 
 folks are going to do it. We love having neighbors. The SJM 
 facility is on the south side of our property and that's not 
 where the light rail is. The biggest interference we've got is on 
 the west side which is where Melco and MGM and our front door is, our lake and our gondola and all of our other access points. So we get our biggest slug of reliefs when MGM opens and when they 
 take down the barricades on the west side in front of our gondola 
 and our -- in front of our presentation. SJM opening in 2018 
 probably is -- their construction is the least impactful of the 
 problem that we've dealt with this year in terms of the 
 barricades. It's the west side of the property that really is 
 important to us and that's where we're looking for good news in 
 the second half or sooner. 
Operator: And there are no more questions at this time. 
Stephen Wynn: Thank you, everybody. Look forward to talking to you in 3 months, 
 and we'll have maybe more interesting stuff to talk about then. 
 Meantime, have a nice time. 
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's conference call. You may 
 now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-11-05 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Steve Cootey - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President and Treasurer Steve Wynn - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer Matt Maddox - President Ian Coughlan - President, Wynn Resorts (Macau), S.A. Bob DeSalvio - Senior Vice President, Development, Wynn Resorts Development
Analysts: Joe Greff - JPMorgan Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank Robin Farley - UBS Jon Oh - CLSA Harry Curtis - Nomura David Katz - The Telsey Group Shaun Kelley - Bank of America Felicia Hendrix - Barclays
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Karen and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Third Quarter 2016 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn today's call over to Mr. Steve Cootey, Chief Financial Officer. Please go ahead, sir.
Steve Cootey: Thank you and good afternoon. Joining the call on behalf of the company today are Steve Wynn, Matt Maddox, Kim Sinatra, Maurice Wooden, myself here in Las Vegas. Also on the phone are the operational management teams of our Las Vegas, Macau, and Boston properties. Before we get started, I just wanted to remind everyone that we will be making forward-looking statements under Safe Harbor federal securities law and those statements may or may not come true. And with that, I'm going to turn the call over to Mr. Wynn.
Steve Cootey: Thank you and good afternoon. Joining the call on behalf of the Company today are Steve Wynn, Matt Maddox, Kim Sinatra, Maurice Wooden, myself here in Las Vegas. Also on the phone are the operational management teams of our Las Vegas, Macau, and Boston properties. Before we get started, I just wanted to remind everyone that we will be making forward-looking statements under Safe Harbor federal securities law and those statements may or may not come true. And with that, I'm going to turn the call over to Mr. Wynn.
Steve Wynn: On this call today, we're going to be dealing with a good deal of technical information and I will be referring and having input in the call from Mr. Cootey, Mr. Ian Coughlan in Macau, and Mr. Maddox. I personally have been focused very heavily on the finishing touches of all of our construction and fit outs that are associated with the Massachusetts property and stuff that we are doing here in Las Vegas. But I think we should start off today by talking about Macau and Wynn Palace and Wynn Macau, because the Palace is now several weeks old and underway. The first thing I would mention is that, first of all, we are very happy with the way the property turned out. We finished and completely closed the cost of the place with our contractor Leighton at US$4.4 billion and that is now behind us. There is something about our property in Cotai that I want to frame this conversation today. Our 52 or so acres there is surrounded on all four sides by streets. On the east is the staging yard for the light rail system that resembles a monorail that seeks to bring people from the airport and the Cotai ferry terminal to the various hotels in Cotai. That project has been underway for several years, experienced some developmental complexities and problems and delays, and is now scheduled for completion in a few years. The staging area and the construction area for the light rail system covers our entire east side and is across the street from our property, the entire parcel, on the east side. Next to it is the airport. The light rail system goes from the ferry terminal and the airport along the entire north side of our property and then makes a 90-degree left-hand turn and goes down the west side of our property. Across the street on the west side of our property is the City of Dreams, the Melco development, on the right, and then as the light rail proceeds, it passes at the midpoint of our front of our property, a street going perpendicularly west to Venetian. On the other side, representing the other half of our western front, is the construction job of MGM, and then on our Southside we have the construction job of SJM's hotel that is scheduled to open in the future. MGM is scheduled to open this spring, at the end of May or the beginning of June at last check. So what we have is an anomalous situation where all four sides of our property are currently the - being enclosed by either barricades or construction blockades of one kind or another. It has tended to isolate our property on all four sides and it's made access to the Palace temporarily highly encumbered, crossing the street or getting through these barricades that have been erected by MGM and by the folks who are building the light rail system, and it comes to its first stop with escalators and bridges right in the midpoint of our front yard where our gondola station is. And, of course, in the short term it has turned out to be a disadvantage having all the barricades and the construction on all four sides, but in the long term, of course, it is very advantageous to us. But in that context, it has represented a handicap in the access that the public has, both in buses, in cars, or taxicabs. And we have worked in the last month or so in conjunction with the government on trying to mitigate these substantial barricades that enclose our property. And the government has been understanding and sympathetic to our situation and has promised to ameliorate the situation in the next several months. But it is at the moment a handicap for us and one we are forced to deal with. Scheduling for all of this was supposed to be done when we opened at the time that we broke ground on the hotel, but, as I mentioned a moment ago, there have been delays in all of this, both in the construction of our two neighboring hotels and of the light rail itself. With that in mind, I still think it would be constructive for us to review the performances of these properties and address issues of cannibalization of startups and ramp-ups and that sort of thing. I would add to that conversation one other element, from my perspective. For the past 40-odd years that we have been building these hotels, and the Cotai hotel was number 12 for us, we have followed a philosophy of how to open major destination hotels. And I will describe it as follows. We open a hotel without any real marketing support or pressure because we are very curious to see what its naked, un-stimulated kind of revenues are. And then in the months following the opening, we do a low-keyed opening, in the months following the opening. We constructively and with a very targeted approach ramp up and institute marketing programs both in hotel occupancy and casino revenue and that sort of thing in a very layered fashion that allows us to protect our price. By not throwing the kitchen sink at a place when we open, we risk less than dramatic instant results, but we also protect our price and instead resort to a more progressive and orderly buildup of our promotional and marketing approaches, based upon what we see when we first open. With that general philosophical framework in mind, I'll let Mr. Maddox, Mr. Cootey, and Ian Coughlan talk about what's happened since August 22. Matt, do you want to go first?
Matt Maddox: Sure. So, I think as Steve said, the ramp-up at Wynn Palace is clearly taking a little longer than we expected, and likely will, due to the circumstances surrounding the property. But when we look at what's going on at Wynn Palace and Wynn Macau, comparing September at Wynn Palace, which was our first full month, to October, which we just completed, we have seen in our volume metrics that turnover, mass drop and slot handle, those increased sequentially from September to October by about 20%, which was in line with the market that also increased from September to October by around 19%. So Wynn Palace each day is continuing to gain traction in the Cotai market. Wynn Macau also experienced the same increase from September to October in its volume metrics of about 20%. So while the process is taking longer, we are maintaining our share in these markets, and in September combined, we were on a normalized basis roughly 13.5% market share. In October, we didn't hold as well in the VIP segment, but from a volume standpoint we have maintained that share. So, we are happy with the progress, but believe it is going to take longer than we anticipated, due to the challenges in our location. Ian?
Ian Coughlan: We have been open in Cotai for just over 10 weeks. We had a very well-executed opening of all facilities. Customer feedback has been overwhelmingly positive. Rooms and food and beverage particularly are a new standard for the market. Despite all of the challenges that Steve referred to with the light rail and resort buildings around the property, visitation has been good, particularly on the weekends. We are very focused on ramping up premium mass, which we believe is a real edge giver, given our service and our facility. When we look at VIP turn for the two properties over at Wynn Macau and Wynn Palace, we have actually doubled our VIP turn versus the previous 60 days since we opened, so the junkets have managed to backfill downtown very effectively. We have a new junket opening at Wynn Palace on November 5. We are also introducing some casual junkets, so we're building up that side of the business. We are actively bringing back customers that are already in Cotai that were previously Wynn customers, and we're just learning and adapting to a very competitive market. Seeing is believing and people experiencing the property is really going to help us. We have made a number of significant casino floor changes with game mixes. We are watching how people are adapting to the property, what they enjoy. We have got a lot of new promotions to animate the casino that we've been introducing. We are driving occupancy post the holidays; occupancy has grown 10 points in October. We finished at 81%, and we continue to bring the occupancy up. Our food and beverage offer and the variety of offer we are altering and changing, again to meet the customer need. We have been tackling the bus program. We have effectively doubled our buses that are on the road, picking up people from different entry points into Macau and within the city itself. We have introduced a taxi incentive program, which has proved to be extremely effective, and we are going to be coming part of the Cotai Connection, which connects all the properties in Cotai from a bus travel perspective. At the same time, we're looking at post-opening cost base management. When you open, there is always areas that need to be tweaked and cut back on, and looking back downtown at the cannibalization aspect, pretty much what we perceived was going to happen has happened. There has been a fairly significant impact on our direct VIP downtown because we have a lot of Wynn players that wanted to come and experience the new property, the junkets backfill very well, as I discussed already. On the mass, we are less affected. Our customers downtown seem to be very peninsula downtown centric; while some of them have experienced our new property, they have been very sticky downtown. And overall, downtown is pretty settled and we're just growing business uptown. Our competitors are smart people. A lot of the ways that we bring business to the new property is personalized selling, seeing is believing and we will take care of the players that come to the property and bring new people in over the coming months.
Steve Wynn: Thanks. Steve, do you have anything to add?
Steve Cootey: No, I think Ian and Matt covered it.
Steve Wynn: Pardon me?
Steve Cootey: I think Ian and Matt have covered it.
Steve Wynn: Okay. Is there anything else that, I don't know. Having discussed China, I would imagine the questions about China would be appropriate at this moment, but I want to remind everybody that Bob DeSalvio is on the call in Massachusetts and can update us on that. Bob, you want to take a moment before we take questions to tell us where we're at.
Bob DeSalvio: Sure, thanks, Steve. We have gotten off to a really good start on construction. As most everyone knows, we began on August 3, and at this point the foundations are done in the areas of the central utility plant, the garage, the hotel, the casino sections of the building, and we have now started the mass excavation of the dirt from the parking garage area. That represents three floors below the main section of the building and that has gone very well. We are starting to pour the slabs in the back of the house, in central utility plant areas, and we expect on-site steel deliveries in December and by first quarter of next year, we will be standing steel in those -- the back of the house and the central utility plant area. So, so far, a very good fall construction season. Weather has been great. Very -- actually, a little bit of rain, and so that has helped us move things along. So, about 325 workers now currently on site and we are running right on schedule. So all good news on the construction front, Steve.
Steve Wynn: We have been polishing the invitations, and in the food and beverage promenade and all of those things, we have been able to interest some very substantial local personalities with various forms of food and beverage. And we are in the process of making room for them to join in so that the facility is very locally oriented at the top end with the kinds of people that are very popular in Boston, with the Boston public already. And we think that adds to our general appeal as we go forward in a couple years with that project. So I think generally that's what's going on. I have spent my time in continuing the planning and the refining of the development of our real estate in Las Vegas, and that planning process is continuing. One of the most interesting things in the 49 years I have been doing this is that the golf course and the available real estate in the company present so many options that making these final decisions and choices has been extremely challenging and an awful lot of fun, too. With our land, our water, and our location, we are seeking to come to a final layout of all of our facilities that put us in a much stronger position to be a very dominant force in all aspects of non-casino revenue. I think that I want to share something with the people on the call. Ever since 1989 when we opened the Mirage, the facilities that we have built have always broken the record for casino revenue in Las Vegas and in America. Our casinos have won more money than any other gambling floor in the United States and in the world, with the exception of Asia, Hong Kong, Macau market, and Singapore. I have made this point in previous phone calls that in spite of the fact that we break the annual revenue for casino numbers in Nevada, we have always had more non-casino revenue, starting with the Mirage. When it went through $500 million, we had $600 million in non-casino revenue. When we did $700 million sat - $600 million, rather, at Bellagio we did $800 million in non-casino revenue. And at Wynn when we went through $700 million, we had $800 million or $900 million in casino revenue, and then, finally, over $1 billion with the Encore Wynn facility when the casino revenue went through $800 million. So, therefore, there is always been this pattern of 48%, 47% casino, 53%, 54% non-casino. In September in this hotel in Las Vegas, I saw something that was even surprising for me, but very encouraging in a point that I will make in a moment. In the month of September, our casino revenue was $1.870 million a day, well over $50 million in that 30-day period. That was probably the biggest number in the world, except for Singapore and Macau, $1.870 million a day. But what was dazzling to me privately and personally was that our non-casino revenue was $3.340 million a day, and if you normalize hold percentage, because we played a little lucky, the ratio of gaming to non-gaming in the number one casino in Las Vegas was 2 to 1. I take that development as follows. It tells us that these 43 million people a day -- a year that come to Las Vegas, 800,000 odd people a week, are spending more money and have more disposable income for the non-casino aspects, which are really the drivers in our industry. And therefore, I am heartened by the fact that we have almost unlimited possibility of expanding in convention and other related business on our property in Las Vegas. And that has made the design development process even more challenging and exciting as we exploit our undeveloped real estate in various parts of this assembly on the strip in Las Vegas. Having made that point and hopefully shared that insight with you, I'll turn the questioning over to the folks on the call.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of Joe Greff of JPMorgan.
Joe Greff: Good morning. Just on the topic of Wynn Palace, and Steve, you talked about how you're dealing with the handicap of having construction impediments on all sides of the property, in your earlier comments you talked about having discussions with the government. Can you share with us how the government can help here? And then, with respect to work that you can do without perhaps the aid of the government, does that require meaningful additional CapEx or OpEx to work around those issues?
Steve Wynn: Well, a good question. In our conversations with the government, we have demonstrated with photographs and examples of how critically impaired the whole front approach was from the body, from the mass body of Cotai development, and they understood that completely. And we've offered some suggestions on how, especially on the west side, which is where all the other hotels are at the moment, how they could help us out in creating crosswalks and opening these barricades and stuff like that. And I think Ian, you have been -- you have received a favorable response?
Ian Coughlan: So, what has actually happened, Steve, is the construction work that was taking place on the light rail system directly in front of our property had completely stalled, but the government had been assisting us and they fired up the contractor to finish that aspect of the light rail system. There is a station right across the road from us as well, which requires a lot more work, but the actual light rail viaduct is being finished as we speak, and that causes a lot of havoc on the road beneath. So I believe in the next six to 10 weeks we will see quite a bit of progress. So the government have been listening and they are helping us out with the frontage of the property.
Steve Wynn: The second part of your question, about significant CapEx, I spent the month of August there and I have been back again since, and my take on this is that one of the facilities that we have downtown that is extremely well received, called Red 8, which is casual dining, we did in Cotai, but we did it on a scale that, based upon the customer reaction, is not adequate. So what we are doing on one side of the mass gaming area is building a larger Red 8 to handle the demand that we have had, and that is going to take several months to install, but we had the room to do it and we're going to increase that. So as far as a project goes, that restaurant modification represents what I think is an investment we're going to make of several million dollars. It is not earthshaking, but it is very significant. We have also added -- we had two spaces in our retail area that we held to ourselves so that we could do exactly what we are doing now, and it's a pattern we've followed. We always leave a number of spaces either unassigned or temporarily occupied so that we can react to the surprises or the things we learn after the place opens. And so, we had some spaces and we filled them with things that we could move easily that were our own, like a luggage store that we operate ourselves. We actually left 15,000 square feet empty. But shelled in a critical location and hid it with a false wall so that we would have that capacity and that element to resort to if we wanted to, because each one of these hotels takes on a personality of its own that is, in many cases, surprising or unexpected after the public gets possession of it. So, the casual dining additions that we are adding don't represent serious capital in the scheme of things, but there are alterations we're going to make in terms of casual dining in the months ahead. Matt, did you have anything you want to add to that?
Matt Maddox: No, I think that's exactly right.
Steve Wynn: Okay, is that
Joe Greff: And then that answered my question. Thank you. And then as a follow-up not related to Wynn Palace, there has been recent press in Japan about some desire to restart the casino proposal, which I know has gone really nowhere in the past. Can you give us a sense what your sense is where that might be going now with any? Thanks.
Matt Maddox: We're following it carefully, Joe, and there does seem to be more momentum now than there has been in the past. The parties seem to be coalescing behind the idea and there seems to be momentum. I can't really tell you if it's going to happen or not, but it does feel like there is definitely more action in Japan now than there have been in the past six Diet sessions.
Joe Greff: Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from Carlo Santarelli of Deutsche Bank.
Carlo Santarelli: Afternoon. Just as it pertains to the Palace and you guys think about the ramp from here, when you think about the VIP business in the 3Q, as well as your mass business, is it fair to look at the VIP segment and say this obviously will ramp faster and we should expect similar drop per day metrics going forward or do you think with some junket tweaks and stuff there is a lot of room to move there? And a similar question on the mass side, just in terms of how you guys expect to build that business going forward, obviously, with some of the construction and some of the other marketing that you will start to turn on now, how do you anticipate that ramping?
Matt Maddox: So, Joe, this is Matt. I think clearly the VIP business at all openings ramps the fastest, just given the nature of the junket operators and then bringing their customers in and the liquidity in that business that is immediately injected. As Ian laid out, we are planning on growing that business going forward by adding a junket operator and some casual junkets in the relative near term. On the mass side, we are very focused on capturing our fair share, which is -- or exceeding our fair share of the premium mass business, which is what we've always done. And that is that hand-to-hand combat, acquiring the Cotai players one at a time. And so, we are very focused on that. It will take longer to ramp that business up, but as customers come in and experience Palace, we believe they're going to become Wynn Palace customers.
Carlo Santarelli: Great, Matt, and then if I could just follow up on that. When you think about kind of the delta between promos on Cotai relative to the Peninsula, I think you guys were about 25% on Cotai of mass revenue in the quarter. Is that how you are thinking about the strategy there from a promo and discount standpoint with respect to Palace?
Matt Maddox: Carlo, I'll let Ian jump in, but with only 40 days in the quarter under our belt, we plan on growing both significantly. VIP ramped faster than mass, and Cotai is little more promotional than the Peninsula, but it's not a lot more promotional.
Ian Coughlan: Yes, I don't think there is a huge - there isn't a huge variability between what we've been doing downtown and what we are doing at Wynn Palace. We're seeing what works and what doesn't work as well as we thought, and tweaking it, but I don't think it involves huge additional expenditure.
Carlo Santarelli: Understood.
Steve Cootey: Carlo, this is Steve. Year-over-year promos are effectively flat between Wynn Macau and the Palace.
Carlo Santarelli: Yes, I was referring more to just the level at the Palace in the future and how you think about that run rate going forward, but I think you guys answered.
Steve Wynn: Next?
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Robin Farley of UBS.
Robin Farley: Great. I was wondering if you could talk about whether the results in Macau will impact the timing and/or budget for your Las Vegas development, the Wynn Park, just kind of how we should think about that relationship?
Steve Wynn: I don't know, Robin. From my point of view, they're completely separate conversations. Design development in Macau took place years ago, and although we tweaked the property as we go forward, it is fairly mundane compared to the conceptual exercise on the kind of thing we're talking about with Wynn Park.
Robin Farley: I guess I meant not so much from a design perspective as just that Macau's cash flow would be what is financing Wynn Park, and does that therefore change your budget if the cash flow is not coming in at maybe where you would have thought it was
Steve Wynn: Oh, I see. I see what you mean. Well, since Macau is in its -- the Palace is in its infancy and just beginning to get rolling, I must  I've got to remind you that the lead time on design development on a thing like Wynn Park is substantial. I mean, we spend as much as a year or two getting to the point where we can budget and start to break ground, and I'm in that six months. There are parts of the Wynn Park development that are going to kick in very early. There is - if we go according to plan, and that has to do with the addition of meeting rooms and ballrooms on property that is part of Wynn and Encore now and not on the golf course, as we up our convention profile, our meeting space, convention, and ballroom profile substantially. And then there is the lagoon, the new rooms that are going to be available on both the north and south side of Wynn Park, and the other features that go around the lake. And then the issue is adjacent properties that will be available for smaller operators on Paradise Road and the potential for exhibit space. So, balancing all of these things, I don't have a scheduling problem as much as I have a planning problem, but each of these things on our early investigation have overwhelming self-justification financially. So we don't really worry about financing them, if that's the direction of your question.
Robin Farley: Okay, great. Thank you.
Steve Wynn: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jon Oh of CLSA
Jon Oh: You were carrying roughly about $100 million of annual excess cost for the Peninsula property before you opened Palace. Could you tell us that, the opening cost for Palace, are you -- have you fully shifted the additional cost load over to Cotai already?
Matt Maddox: Yes, we have. The Wynn Macau daily run rate is now about $1.1 million and Wynn Palace is in the neighborhood of $1.5 million, and if you look in the past, Wynn Macau was closer to $1.4 million.
Jon Oh: Okay. Thank you. And if I could follow up with a question on Palace, we have seen some chatter of late that perhaps the VIP play in the Palace picked up a little bit and that partially explains what we saw in October. Could you comment on whether or not you sense that this is a structural pickup in VIP play or is this just a temporary event that is driven by the euphoria of a new opening?  And could you also maybe comment loosely around some of the recent events we saw in China that we saw one of your competitors in Australia, where they have gone through some issues in China as it relates to VIP marketing. How do you stitch all these mosaic together and how do you read the VIP business as it stands right now? Thank you.
Steve Wynn: That's a good one, but I think it's two parts. And the first one was, was the step-up in VIP, the junket business, euphoric or was it structural? I think that part was the first part of your question. Who wants to take a crack at that one?
Ian Coughlan: There is - both of the elements are correct. When you have new openings in the marketplace, you do get more VIP business, and there does appear to have been a lift in VIP generally. We have obviously seen our junket business downtown backfill as we open new junkets with the same operators at Wynn Palace, so it is certainly stronger. How that maintains over the coming months, we will see. The opening of new property certainly adds to the euphoria, as Jon described.
Steve Wynn: We are very close historically to the events you have asked about to have a lot of perspective on them. Time is going to straighten out, I think, the answer to your first question. The second one has to do with the remarkable events where 28 people were detained from Crown in Australia. I know very little about that, and I think I speak for my colleagues, and because we know so little and because these processes are opaque in many cases, I think the only people that can give you intelligent fix on that would be the folks at Crown. We have known -- I can add this. We have known for many years -- we have been there 15 years now -- that marketing and promotion in mainland China is not permitted, so we don't have our employees doing that. So, other than that, I know what I read in the paper and I think that is the same thing you read the paper, and I don't have anything constructive to add to it.
Jon Oh: Okay, thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Harry Curtis of Nomura.
Harry Curtis: Good afternoon. I wanted to go back to your marketing expectations. For the Palace, do you have any plans to begin dialing up your outreach to wholesalers, groups, associations?
Steve Wynn: Yes.
Matt Maddox: So, Harry, we are, if you look at Wynn Palace, about 30% of the hotel business right now for us is cash business, and we are actively engaging travel agents and wholesalers and putting together great packages, not based on price, but based on combining food, spa, et cetera, because the Cotai market is between 30% and 40% retail. So, we're actively moving on that front.
Harry Curtis: Okay, and then
Steve Wynn: We didn't do it when we opened; we did it after.
Ian Coughlan: Seeing is believing. We have scheduled 600 FAM [ph] trips on the property since we opened, between opening and the end of the year, and our tour and travel business is growing very nicely. We ran 81% in October and we believe we can lift that even further.
Harry Curtis: And my second question just has to do with if you might maybe give us some way of developing expectations for sequential margin improvement for the property. It was a little lower than we thought at the outset, but that can be explained by just incremental opening expenses. What expectations do you have for margin lift over the next nearly 6 six to 18 months?
Matt Maddox: Harry, I think 6 to 18 months, that's the right time frame to look at this. So, come positive, Wynn Palace's makeup will be lots of premium mass and high-margin cash non-gaming business. So, we would expect our margins to get closer in line with our downtown property, in that high 20s EBITDA margins, but that's going to take us time and Ian is doing a lot of work on rationalizing the expenses inside the property as well.
Harry Curtis: Okay. Very good, I appreciate it. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of David Katz of The Telsey Group.
David Katz: Hello, everyone. I wanted to ask about the setup for the Palace and, Steve, I appreciate your description of the situation at the beginning. When did it become clear or obvious that the issues that are going on, on each side were evident, meaning they sound like things that would have been - that are long-term projects that have been in place for quite some time, and would we have known about them six months or 12 months ago, and essentially what has changed?
Steve Wynn: We certainly knew all during construction that the light rail was under construction. The sequential delays that took place and the problems the governments have had in resolving their own problems with the light rail construction have been a moving thing. And so you know, and we knew that and we certainly saw that everybody knew that SJM was under construction on one side and MGM on the other. MGM thought they were going to be done earlier, as did a lot of the people in our neighborhood. I don't know that it's a bad thing that they are going to open when they open, instead of earlier. But we never had terrific insight as to the status of our competitors' scheduling. We can read what they say on their quarterlies, but they are subject to the same kind of contingent events that we were with regard to construction and completion dates in China. So to that extent, we looked around us and everything that was happening was fairly obvious. There wasn't anything we could do about it. There was no dynamic action that was available to us, and we were hoping that the situation would improve as we approached the summer months when we were getting ready to open the property. I myself didn't realize how critical the blockade was until I went there in August. I was there in the month of August for three or four weeks before the place opened, and I didn't realize how critical it was until I tried to go across the street to City of Dreams, and you took your life in your hands trying to get through the barricade and cross the street because of the traffic. There is no crossing. All of that is tied up at the moment at the middle where the construction is taking place for the escalators. See, there is a big terminal for the -- a big stop right in front of our hotel on the light rail. As I mentioned, it is the first stop from the ferry terminal, and they have built a bridge that goes from the west side of the street, which is MGM and City of Dreams, to the east side of the street, which is us and our gondola station. I didn't realize how big the holes were and how -- the primitive state of the construction with the walls they built. And I guess there is nothing to say except it is what it is. We weren't in charge of that construction. We didn't have a dialogue going with the builder. This situation happened -- when we were opening the hotel on the Peninsula, on the east side of our hotel between us and StarWorld and Arc, there was a street that originally was a sewer canal, and they were going to make a street out of it and cover the sewer canal. And five months before our hotel opened, it was still a canal, an open trench. And then, all of a sudden, in a space of 12 weeks, a street emerged. It was an amazing rapid transformation, which proved that the Chinese people could do -- the Chinese government could do pretty much what it wanted at a speed that was quite remarkable under certain circumstances. Apparently with this light rail, they haven't been able to get the same kind of acceleration, and I believe they are trying to get that fixed up. But I didn't really know what to expect as I looked at the construction during the -- of the surrounding properties and the light rail while we were building our place. We were heavily focused inside on our own problems. I don't know if my answer is helpful to you, but does that deal with your question?
David Katz: It does. And if I can just follow that up in a two-part follow-up, I assume -- it sounds as though you are pleased with or there is nothing that's changed on the inside of the property. And as we think about the ramp-up that will have a little different trajectory than we may have thought. If you could just talk about the balance between generating revenue and profit and profitability as this trajectory evolves over the next five, six quarters, just so we can think about our models the right way, that would be helpful. Thank you.
Steve Wynn: Well, okay, here's the way I would approach that. When we opened the Wynn Peninsula, we got to $1 million a day on the 12th month, and starting at $500,000 a day, $600,000 a day in EBITDA. And it was slower getting to $1 million a day, but it was much quicker getting to $2 million a day or $3 million a day. And the reason is s that this in our kind of property, the acquisition of clientele, of customers, is done sort of one at a time. There is an old phrase, eagles don't flock, you got to catch them one at a time. So laying the groundwork for building the clientele for a hotel that is exemplary, that is unique, and the Palace turned out to be the most beautiful job we have ever done by far. The rooms are exquisite. The place is absolutely magnificent physically. Now, you introduce such a property to people and they like it or they don't. You asked yourself, who are the customers, who do you build the place for, and you do so with a conviction that when people see something wonderful and special that they will like it and they will be loyal to it or they will come back again and again. So the exposure of the building at first aggregates. It compounds on itself. And we got to -- the first day we opened the place, we made $1 million and we're operating at $500,000, $600,000, $700,000 level or something like that in October. And I expect that to climb on a steady basis, because I believe that the people will respond to our product, as they have for the past 49 years in Atlantic City, Fremont Street, the strip in Las Vegas, the Peninsula in Macau, and every place else we have ever been. This property is following the same pattern that I have observed in our developments over the years. I guess you have to use your own arithmetic when you do these things. I don't want to make a lot of promises or puffy statements. I make one statement, that it is the most magnificent hotel we have ever built, and clearly, clearly, the most dramatically elegant and beautiful hotel in China, or maybe anywhere in the world, for that matter. Now, what will public acceptance of it be? Well, based upon our experiences so far, pretty good. But tackling the mass market and the premium mass market, as Matt mentioned before, is sort of a sequential process. You have to expose the place to people for them to find out what's in it, but in order to do that, they have to be able to get there. And right now, it is a bit challenging. And that's temporary, of course. It will go away. And these very things that have complicated our launch are the very things that will underwrite its future. Having that light rail and being the first stop is a cool thing. So I'm looking forward to it, but in the meantime we will deal with the shortfall or the inconvenience of the moment as best we can. Am I responding to you properly?
David Katz: Absolutely.
Steve Wynn: I have never spoken to you before and I want to make sure. There is a whole bunch of us. We're sitting around this table. We've got all the information here, and at moments like this when you launch a new project, especially one as ambitious and in a market as complicated in many respects as China, you want to try and give as much clarity as possible to the moment and not exaggerate or feather your nest or make promises. Personally, I would rather under promise and over deliver whenever possible. Ian, I don't know if you want to add anything to it or Steve? You have your own opinions fellas. You can say what you think.
Ian Coughlan: Just going back to the light rail itself, paradoxically the more progress they make, the more painful it is for us. In order to finish it, they have had to close large sections of that road and make the property difficult to access. So we will tolerate the pain until the end of the year or the turn of the year, and then things will improve.
David Katz: By early next year?
Steve Wynn: They are telling us that there are some things they are going to do rather quickly, as far as crosswalks and things like that, but we literally couldn't get across. We had to take a very risky approach and dodge cars for me to get to the City of Dreams. I hadn't expected that it would be at this stage when we opened in August, but there it is.
David Katz: Perfect. Thank you for your answers.
Steve Wynn: Sure.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Shaun Kelley of Bank of America.
Shaun Kelley: Hey. Good afternoon, everyone. I guess during - right after the opening, or not too far after the opening, there was a pretty significant management change in Cotai, and I was just wondering if you could comment a little further on. Is there any difference in strategy moving forward as you think about balancing what's going on at Peninsula and Wynn Palace or is everything, generally speaking, still as you originally planned it?
Steve Wynn: Yes, everything is as we originally planned it. The Cotai property was built to appeal to the most discriminating person that would come to China, the premium mass customer and the VIP and the top end of the mass, even just below what we call premium mass. The idea was that this was going to be the place of choice for people that cared about their choice. And, so, that was always the program. I think if you ask me to be candid about any adjustment that I thought we needed, it was that I wanted to see more -- after the opening, as I looked at our neighbors and I looked more closely at our own trade and the response to various outlets in our hotel, I realized because we were so overrun with the casual dining things that we offered that we needed more of them. I think, if anything, I think I might've underestimated with my colleagues the amount of casual dining that we needed, compared to the other folks. They have dozens and dozens of these casual dining restaurants throughout Cotai. We had two or three, but I found out with the mass of people, it is not enough so we have got to increase that. And we are doing that in two specific locations adjacent to the casino straightaway. Now we have got to get through the approval of the government to do the work, and we're doing the drawings lickety-split as fast as we can to get that job done. As a matter of fact, we're going to put up construction barricades and get on with it immediately, but that's -- I guess if you asked me what surprised or what did I see after the place gave birth and the public came in, I immediately, and the rest of us, Ian, we all recognized we needed to up our casual dining capacities beyond what we originally thought. And it was pretty easy to do, actually, because we had anticipated that there would be something that we wanted to add or change after opening, which is why I left those spaces available for it. And now we're going to take advantage of it, based upon what we learned since August 22. Other than that, it is pretty much the same thing as we thought before.
Shaun Kelley: Great. I appreciate the candor on that. And then, as a follow-up, and I know it's been addressed in different forms, but maybe to ask it outright, Matt, I think you mentioned the expense run rates where you are at today with Palace at $1.5 million a day and Peninsula down to $1.1 million a day. Is that generally a level that you are comfortable with, moving forward, and is there any change in either staffing or promotion that would be material to those dollar numbers moving forward?
Steve Wynn: This is Steve. I would add one thing. We are going to add - we have the tables, but we find that our mass demand at the Peninsula, we need to increase some more dealers because our utilization is too high. So we want to increase the amount of tables that are actually active during more hours. It is not a significant number. But I don't know how much that will affect the run rate.
Matt Maddox: Yes, I think that the $1.1 million down at Wynn Macau, because it is slightly less than that now, will be in range. And then Wynn Palace, we haven't been open long enough. That is currently where we are running, between $1.5 million and $1.6 million, and I know that we are looking at rationalizing some of those expenses, but I wouldn't expect a very large decline from that level. In particular, as sales ramp up in the retail outlets and everywhere else, you will start to see the cost -- the variable cost ramp up. So, I think that those numbers will likely be in line. Ian, do you want to comment?
Ian Coughlan: That's exactly right.
Steve Wynn: Okay.
Shaun Kelley: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Felicia Hendrix. Ms. Hendrix, please announce the name of your company.
Felicia Hendrix: Barclays. Thank you. So, I have a question for Ian and then, Steve, I have a question for you. Ian, so if we take everything that you have said on the call and acknowledged that it's an early read for Wynn Palace, and also the challenges that you face. I am just wondering if we look back to the assumptions that were put forth at the investor day this past spring, how reasonable are those EBITDA assumptions for 2017 for Wynn Macau and Wynn Palace? Can you put those in context with what we know today?
Steve Wynn: Maybe, Matt wants to take that call.
Matt Maddox: Sure, I think what we have clearly said today is that the ramp-up is happening slower than we anticipated, so while those numbers we still believe in, 2017 is likely not the year for those numbers. That should be, if you look at the competitors out at Cotai, where these properties, once they settle in, are able to -- the profit that they are able to generate. But I think until we get the construction issues settled and some of our new casual dining outlets finished, at that point we should start to get to those numbers.
Felicia Hendrix: Okay, that's helpful and definitely kind of an anticipated answer, given everything that you said so far. Thank you for that.
Steve Wynn: Ian, you want to add anything to what Matt said?
Ian Coughlan: No, I think that's fair. It is going to take us time to ramp up. Everybody is aware of that. We will have a better read of it by the end of the year.
Felicia Hendrix: Okay, thanks. And Steve, just kind of a bigger-picture question. I was just wondering if you could comment on the premier visitor, the Premier visit to Macau earlier this month. Everything that came out of that visit sounded supportive. And just among the policies announced, do you see anything that could benefit the gaming industry, per se?
Steve Wynn: Well, the central government always supports the financial health, the employment security, and the welfare of the citizens in the special administrative region, and they repeat that, whether it is the Premier or Xi Jinping himself. My visits to Beijing only reinforce that with the people that I have had the privilege of discussing China with. I go there on occasion to broaden my perspective on China because, after all, Macau is part of it. In terms of the implications to local policy and, to a certain extent, visa policies, I think that you have to look at the arc of all aspects of the central government behavior or actions and take that into account with the local government's reaction and their independent actions. Because if you are in Beijing, they will tell you that the SAR is autonomous, that it is self-governing, and that although they pay close attention and want to support it, that they look to the government of Macau to run Macau. And we have this interaction with them on a regular basis. Usually it is on detailed stuff, like trying to fix the roads and things like that, so we are with different parts of the government. In my conversations with the top level of the Macau government, they definitely want to protect the job security of the people that are engaged, the Macau citizens and everybody else, that are engaged in working at these places. There is a strong preference for protecting the employee base of the industry. When issues that affect them, meaning the employees and the local employees in particular, come up, the government is particularly responsive and on point. When we get to more subtle things that have to do, for example, with smoking, then the matter -- the speed of decision slows down. This conversation about smoking with Secretary Tam and even with the Chief Executive Officer and Secretary Leong has been more protracted. There is competing interests here, the health and safety of employees, the strong preference of the customers to have the freedom to smoke. It is very popular in China still. And then, there is this whole thing about trying to make people healthier, even if it kills them to do so. So when you get to areas like this that are certainly relevant to our - right now, the smoking, I'm using this example, the smoking policy is mixed. Some places have been grandfathered in. Other places have tried to take advantage of the interim policy allowing smoking lounges, but yet the final approval of those smoking lounges has been delayed and nobody is sure whether there is going to be a complete ban on smoking, regardless of any condition within the buildings, or whether there will be a mitigated or ameliorated compromise position. So when you talk about the policies of the government since the Premier's visit, you really have to separate the general support that mainland China and Beijing gives the SAR from the intricacies and the more granular aspects of the things that we are interested in that may seem mundane in comparison, but are not. You get my drift on this?
Felicia Hendrix: Yes.
Steve Wynn: It is not a simple answer to your question. God lives in the details on this one.
Felicia Hendrix: Okay. Well, thanks for the effort to answer.
Steve Wynn: How did I do? You want to have a follow-up on that? Its a tough question that you asked me.
Felicia Hendrix: No, I think it is fair and I think there is still a lot unknown, so I appreciate it.
Steve Wynn: There are a lot of unknowns. The country has 1.370 billion people, and managing it and its relations with the SAR, I don't think the SAR is the primary thing in China every day. I think Xi Jinping and the central government have a lot of problems to deal with, a lot of decisions. The liaison office is closely monitoring everything that happens in Macau. They were at our opening. They are very supportive, friendly and warm in every respect. But, again, there is this sort of unusual relationship between the announced autonomy of the SAR and the sensitivity of the SAR to the general policies of mainland China. So - and it's very hard for us to understand sometimes what everybody is thinking. Its not a bad thing in any way, but it makes answering your particular question a little tricky.
Felicia Hendrix: I got it and I appreciate it.
Steve Wynn: Yes, ma'am.
Operator: This does end the question-and-answer portion of this call. I now turn the call back over to the presenters.
Steve Wynn: Thank you very much, everybody. We will look forward to bringing you up to date in three months. Bye-bye.
Operator: This does conclude today's conference call. All participants may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-07-31 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Stephen Cootey - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President and Treasurer Stephen Wynn - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer Matt Maddox - President Ian Coughlan - President, Wynn Resorts (Macau), S.A. Gamal Aziz - President, Wynn Macau, Limited Robert DeSalvio - Senior Vice President, Development, Wynn Resorts Development
Analysts: Joe Greff - JP Morgan Shaun Kelley - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank Jon Oh - CLSA Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital Thomas Allen - Morgan Stanley Robin Farley - UBS David Katz - Telsey Group
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Nicole and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the second quarter earnings conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Stephen Cootey, Chief Financial Officer.
Stephen Cootey: Thank you very much and good afternoon. Joining the call on behalf of the company today are Steve Wynn, Matt Maddox, Kim Sinatra and myself here in Las Vegas. Also on the phone are the operational management teams from both  our Boston, Las Vegas and Macau properties. Before we get started, I just wanted to remind everyone that we will be making forward-looking statements under Safe Harbor federal securities law and those statements may or may not come true. And with that, Im going to turn the call over to Mr. Wynn.
Stephen Wynn: Hello, everybody. And its very nice to have this call. I think youve seen our earnings that we were happy with Macau. We held a high, but we made $20 million more than we did last year and its another increase in our quarter. And even though we held a high, we were also carrying an equal amount of extra payroll for the Palace, which opens next month. So the increase is real. Well be transferring all those employees in the next few weeks  in the next few days actually. And so, well have a different expense pattern for the Peninsula operation of Wynn and Encore in the months ahead as we equalize the payroll. I think we mentioned table allocations in our press release and Id like to take a moment or two to comment upon those and give some insight to those 160-odd people that are on this call according to the operator. We haven't analyzed, in the past, as we headed towards the opening. Were unable because of the table cap to predict how many tables we would get, so we established, long time ago, various scenarios where we could operate from 100 tables to 280 tables, and new tables, on how to operate both hotels  all three of them actually  efficiently and profitably. Some of the things that you may find interesting, for example, in a recent month  and this is pretty typical  we had 180 tables allocated at Wynn and Encore to VIP to junkets. And then, we analyzed, as we do now, for the past year, weve had a completely different focus in this company about the gambling activity of our clientele. And instead of analyzing the casino on Wynn or turnover, weve analyzed both in the United States and in the People's Republic of China and Macau. Weve analyzed and weve run our business on a completely different model. And that model is contribution to EBITDA, to profitability of each unit in the casino regardless of Wynn or turnover or activity of a gambling customer. What instead we look at is how much money do we make with such pieces of equipment, whether it be a table, a baccarat table or a slot machine. And the results of our inquiry, both in the United States and China, have been very, very enlightening and Ill share them with you. As an example, of 180 junket tables in a month, 60 of them were responsible for all of the EBITDA. The other 120 were either breakeven or, in some cases, losses, taking all costs into account. That is to say that our profitability was limited to a much smaller group than one would have first imagined. And we made a number of very startling changes in the way we laid out our casino, the policies that we employed with regard to the rules of the game  craps, blackjack, and Baccarat, roulette included  that embraced limits. The moments with the client when we would give free promotional allowance, allocations of rooms, food, beverage or airfare, we took a different look at all of that. And since last July 10, a year ago or a little over a year ago, we changed Wynn Las Vegas and Wynn Macau because we were the largest recipient of Asian business in our hotel in Las Vegas. And when that business tailed off, as it has in the industry, we lost $150 million in Wynn at one point  thats how big our baccarat business was that we could lose $150 million  and we were left with a smaller number. We used to give discounts to blackjack players and crap shooters. We dealt blackjack at three to two if you got 21. We started putting in tables where we paid six to five and dealt single decks or double decks. We changed the layout of the floor. We put our higher yielding games in more prominent locations. We put destination-type games, like craps, in secondary locations. We changed the amount of free odds that we gave at dice games from what was commonly referred to as the 3-4-5 game, and that had to do with the amount of free odds you get if you made a line bet to double odds. To give you an example, when someone has a 3-4-5 crap game, the house advantage is 37 basis points, 38 basis points. When you go to double odds, the house advantage is 58 basis points or 57 basis points. Now that doesn't sound like a lot. Thats a very narrow margin of a house advantage mathematically. However, 20 basis points is a 60% or 70% increase in the margin of a dice game, so that the outcome in terms of profitability was based upon a rather granular analysis of each game. We made a bunch of changes; and in so doing, we were able to overcome in terms of profitability what would ordinarily have been a massive loss of top line revenue. So the gaming industry is a little deceptive in many respects. It takes a very sharp analysis and very high degree of self-awareness  because when you take rooms away from the casino block and you can sell them for cash, our margins in the hotel rooms are very high as they are in slot machines. Casino table games, in Las Vegas, if you were to do an analysis, would have a profit margin in the teens at best. We were able to take our profit margins in table games up into the 40s, which I think is unique in our industry. Well, this kind of analysis applied to China is also very enlightening and instructive. Having allocations, having table caps, as we are experiencing in places like Pennsylvania  this week, I stopped at Bethlehem at the Sands facility. And I was watching what an alert management team did to offset limitations imposed politically on the amount of tables. And they used a concept known as stadium games where you use three or four dealers for roulette and blackjack and have 150 automated digital stations for players that allow people  its a much more efficient use of an allocation of tables because you get 150 players with four dealers. And in the case of Bethlehem, when I watched the other day, on Tuesday, they were able to take advantage of that and introduce people at lower minimum table limits to roulette and baccarat who might not have played those games were it not for the low entry-level afforded by this stadium concept. Now, we use those at the Wynn Macau and the  and theyre being used in Singapore and around the country. And I suspect that because of the payroll efficiency inherent in such concepts that were going to see more of it and it allows us to make better use of our staffing levels and offer the opportunity for excitement on a playing level to customers in a manner thats very efficient. Having said all that, we anticipate the following aspects of our business, which will not impact our profitability, that by having fewer games, you get to have a higher utilization. Remember, in most casinos around the world, utilization is less than 50%. Youre sort of keeping the payroll and the games for peak periods, weekends, a few shifts a week. By having fewer tables, you increase utilization dramatically and youre able to control limits. So let's get to the second part of my presentation, which is this, a close analysis of the market in Macau will demonstrate that the bulk of the profitability in business is in what is now referred to as premium mass business. We distinguish between mass and VIP because, in the mass, very much like America, people buy in for cash, they play with regular chips that are negotiable as opposed to the VIP or junket end where we use non-redeemable chips that are purchased by junket operators who supply to us and then the customer is forced to bet that non-redeemable chip and they keep betting the non-redeemable chips and they save the redeemable ones and then either cash out or buy more non-redeemable chips, in which case they get a little discount. My point is this, the money we make and the margin that we enjoy is based upon the vast premium end. And that premium mass end is not a hard line of division. It isn't a question of, well, one guy bets $25 using US currency for a moment, bets $25, and a premium guy bets $500. No, there is a whole range in between where people bet $2000, $3000 a decision, but theyre playing in the mass area of a casino. We refer to those as a more premium customer. Now, the Wynn Palace in Cotai was designed from day one, six years ago, specifically for premium mass business. Some of our competitors, who are very intelligent operators, theyve designed buildings that are specifically designed for the lower end of the mass market. The Wynn Palace is not such a structure. The rooms, the restaurants, the retail, all of the amenities, the layout of the place, its entire conceptual framework was based upon getting the higher type of mass player. So we were always in a position to operate our casino with less equipment than our competitors. Incidentally, to give you an example of that, when we opened Wynn Las Vegas, we had close to 2,900 slot machines and we won $180 million a year. Today, even with Encore, we win well over $200 million with less than 1,800 machines. Technology has played a role in this and it is playing a role in table games as well. So to close this little presentation of mine, we feel positive and comfortable about the hotel and were looking forward to the opening on 22 August. And Im hoping that some of the things that Ive just highlighted in my comments are instructive to all of you.  One other note away from China and the United States  and Las Vegas, for a moment, is, on Tuesday at 5 oclock, we expect to get our final environmental permit in Boston and begin full-scale construction on Wednesday. Although weve had hundreds of people at work already on areas that were not impacted by the environmental permit, work that was necessary to build our building on things like a slurry wall and other preparatory construction aspects of the foundation, but hard construction begins on the tower itself Wednesday morning and we don't anticipate any other interference with that process. I think that about covers it. Matt, Steve  Bob DeSalvio is on the call from Massachusetts and is happy to elaborate on any of the comments that Ive made or any of the questions you may have which you can begin asking right now. Thanks for your attention.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Joe Greff from JP Morgan.
Joe Greff: Hello, everybody. Steve, thanks for your comments, your perspective putting on the top of the table game allocation. Along the same lines, along the same topic, does  the fewer initial amount of table games than, say, 150 to 250 that maybe some people were thinking, does that alter the amount of labor-related OpEx shift from Peninsula to Cotai?
Stephen Wynn: Ultimately, depending on utilization, it will as it always does. You adjust your workforce based upon the demand that you have from your customers. But thats something that you see as time goes by, Joe.
Joe Greff: Got it. And then, just to make sure we all understand this, is there a chance that you could open with more than 100 and  I ask it knowing that Galaxy, I guess, went through a process, maybe got a little bit more to open and then got 50 more and then 50 more after that. Do you have a timetable for when more tables would be released? I guess, with a second go around of additional table games being allocated, would that be more of a 2017 event or could that be a late 2016 event?
Stephen Wynn: Joe, we haven't been formally notified in the manner that the government does such things yet, and I suppose it is possible. What we do in the absence of official notification is we make plans to run at a minimum efficiently; and then, if demand calls for it and the government decides that its a good idea, then we respond when they give us the tables. But they don't tell us, in advance, about such things. And so, the best thing for us to do is not to plan for it.
Joe Greff: Got it. And then a final question for Steve Cootey. Can you allocate the EBITDA impact, the positive favorable EBITDA impact, in Macau from the high hold?
Stephen Cootey: About $20 million.
Stephen Wynn: It was about the same as the extra payroll were carrying, Joe.
Joe Greff: Yep, yep. [indiscernible] just wanted to clarify that. Great. Thanks all.
Operator: And our next question is from Shaun Kelley from Bank of America.
Shaun Kelley: Hi. Good afternoon. Maybe just to follow-up on that payroll comment, so the $20 million of extra headcount that was being carried, thats still  those are all employees that are currently at Wynn Macau, will be shifted over to the Palace. And then, in addition, was there additional staffing thats going  thats feeding the pre-opening line, which is why we saw that expand?
Stephen Wynn: Let me clarify that. We were carrying $20 million to $25 million a quarter of extra payroll in the Peninsula operation for Macau. All of those people are being transferred, as we speak, and they are employed at the current table limit level. The extra tables, were we to get them, would have been reflected in new hires which have not taken place. So the people that we said were transferring, we are transferring and they are employed.  Does that answer your question? I want to make sure Im responding properly.
Stephen Cootey: And I think from an accounting standpoint, what youre talking about, Shaun, is, to be clear, Wynn Palace will have 7,000 employees; roughly, 2,000 will come from Wynn Macau. So when you see pre-opening ramping up, thats the other 5,000 people that are coming on-board right now and came on-board in the second quarter. Thats that $40 million in pre-opening out of the $45 million. It was related to Wynn Palace hires outside of the transfers.
Shaun Kelley: Perfect. No, I understand. That makes perfect sense. And my second question would just be on, we look a little closer at the VIP line, it looks like perhaps the rebate percentage was a little higher than normal. Usually, that may have to do with whats going on in the direct VIP business, but any color you could provide on that?
Stephen Cootey: There was no change in commission structures in the second quarter.
Stephen Wynn: Yeah, you got me on that one. Im not sure what line youre looking at. Linda is on the call or Ian is. Ian, do you have a comment on that?
Ian Coughlan: We haven't altered our commission structure. It remains the same. Were very parsimonious. Im not sure whats being referred to.
Shaun Kelley: No, just sorry. Maybe to be more clear, just asking about, was there any kind of hold outside of the norm on the direct VIP business?
Stephen Wynn: Was there any hold? You mean, did we play lucky?
Shaun Kelley: Yes.
Stephen Wynn: We did.
Stephen Cootey: We did.
Stephen Wynn: We did. I did to the extent  I think we played lucky almost exactly to the extent of the extra payroll we were carrying. So what Im saying is the $20 million increase is real.
Stephen Cootey: We played lucky in both direct and junket, both sides. They make up that combined number of 3.98% or percentage [ph].
Shaun Kelley: Okay. Got it. Thank you very much.
Operator: And our next question is from Carlo Santarelli from Deutsche Bank.
Carlo Santarelli: Thanks, guys. Matt, for starters, you just mentioned playing lucky in both direct and VIP and junket. Could you maybe clarify a little bit what the mix in terms of drop or something is of the two segments at this point?
Matt Maddox: Carlo, we normally don't do that, getting into the mix of direct versus VIP. We always  I can tell you, both held high in the 3.98% on the $11 billion in turnover.
Stephen Wynn: Generally, what is relevant to this conversation is that we have three or four very priced junket operators, who consistently produce for us and produce profitable business for us compared to any other equipment in the building. And theyre going to be both  theyre all established with proper tables in both Cotai and in the Peninsula, in August, at the opening regardless of anything that weve discussed so far. But we also run our own program, very much like we do in Las Vegas, where we give credit to people in Hong Kong where were permitted to do so. And those numbers jump up and down depending on who shows up. To give you an example, in the last week in Las Vegas, in five days, we won $22 million in our own program in baccarat from a handful of customers. So we get this  we benefit from having an extremely loyal, high-end group of customers that come to us in a number of ways, some through junkets in China and some in our own programs here. And they vary  the volatility or the attendance of such clientele varies unpredictably from month to month and week to week. So the reason we don't discuss it is because it would be irrelevant. Its not instructive and its unpredictable.
Carlo Santarelli: Okay.
Stephen Wynn: Which is why we don't give guidance on it because we really don't know what to say other than what I've just told you.
Carlo Santarelli: Great. That's helpful. And then, if I could just understand a little bit more how youre thinking about the positioning. Youll, obviously, open Wynn Palace with 350. If Im not mistaken, your allocation or your table allotment coming, it was like 509 or somewhere around there, plus the 100 is 609.
Stephen Wynn: Its 520 plus 100. Its 620.
Carlo Santarelli: 620. Okay, sorry about that. So youll have 270 at the existing, plus your 350, how are you thinking about the splits between mass and VIP at each of the properties now? Will you try and lean more heavily?
Stephen Wynn: 60 or so in both hotels in the junkets and VIP. And the rest are in mass. So the mass floor is unaffected.
Carlo Santarelli: Great. Perfect. Thank you very much.
Stephen Wynn: The adjustment takes place in the VIP section.
Carlo Santarelli: Understood. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question is from Jon Oh from CLSA.
Jon Oh: Thank you. My question pertains to the 250 tables that you are shifting from Wynn Macau. I think this number is a little higher than what we are modeling generally speaking. So as I am thinking about the cost shift and the expense shift that will be moving from Wynn Macau to Wynn Palace, thats a positive thing. How should we also be thinking about the potential that youre actually peeling off more of Wynn Macau's tables and what it would do to your revenue of your existing Wynn Macau? Basically, I'm trying to understand, this risk of self-cannibalization, which I think, Steve, you brought to point that maybe only 60 tables out of the 183 in VIP are contributing to the profits, so you have some slack to pick up there. But what about some of the mass market tables and premium mass market tables in existing Wynn Macau today that you may have to shift to get Wynn Palace to the right size? How do you feel about this risk of self-cannibalization in the coming weeks as you open Wynn Palace?
Stephen Wynn: Well, thats the good news. The shift is irrelevant because the tables that are left at Wynn Las Vegas are the ones that  and in Encore are the ones that were making the money. Were not touching the mass floor. Thats the point. We had an enormous amount of tables that were idle with payroll in anticipation of the shift to the other place. So, in one way, its fortuitous that were not affecting our premium mass capacity or potential in terms of tables at Wynn Macau and Encore Macau. The adjustment was made in the junkets and sending out the junket operators and the tables they allocated to them. Our mass floor doesn't change. Our premium mass floor doesn't change in either place.
Stephen Cootey: What you see, Jon, is if you look at the numbers, we have some poker games that are more of an amenity that would likely go. Thats about 14. And then, of the 20 or so mass games that would need to be transferred to get to those numbers, those are underperforming games in certain areas that we rarely open. So This may be a fascinating  those of you who watch this industry so closely, and our competitors as well, may find this to be a fascinating observation. When we concentrate this business on the tables that we have predetermined to be the ones that are most profitable and increase their utilization, some of this speculation has to remain as speculation, but I think youre going to see the results quick enough in August, the last week in August and in September leading up to Golden Week. And I think that we might find this very instructive before its over. And we don't do much spinning here. We let the numbers speak for themselves. But I want to point out that the trend in our industry has constantly been to less equipment and more efficient utilization of that equipment. I also want to remind everybody that you cannot get dynamic in a casino. You can only get dynamic in the non-casino area where you create attractions that produce people of a certain income level that make the place profitable. I can't overstate that simple observation more strongly enough. In a hotel casino, in these integrated resorts, the hotel itself is the show. A lot of conversation has been promulgated about the diversification of gaming away from just gambling to non-gambling things, and that conversation has widely and largely been misunderstood. So let me make a point about that now. When you say diversify to non-casino things, you have to understand that isn't a simplistic thing  well, well have more restaurants; well have more shows; well have more this or that other than a slot machine or a baccarat table. Diversification means how well do you make the entire place an attraction from a hospitality and touristic point of view, so that you don't just rely on a baccarat player or a slot machine player. Now, that diversification involves the entire building. We spent, without exception and without any possibility of contradiction, more money on non-casino attractions in Wynn Palace than has ever been spent on any facility of that sort on the planet Earth. And it has been done in the things that really matter to people  the width of the hallways, the height of ceilings, the attractiveness, the decor, the size of the rooms, the elegance and luxury of the retail offerings and, most importantly, the entertainment quotient of each and every food and beverage outlet. The customers of Macau, in the past  since 2002 and even before with Stanley Ho's operation, the customers have a very distinctive personality. They shop, they eat and they gamble. Their attendance to traditional entertainment attractions has been unpredictable and, in most cases, unsatisfactory. We saw a Cirque du Soleil show  remarkable company that we pioneered ourselves in Las Vegas  we saw that show open and close at the Venetian. The entertainment attraction at the City of Dreams is primarily being supported by freebies, when people that go in and are offered the experience complementary. What we have seen at Wynn Macau and Wynn Las Vegas, the only five-star facility in Macau and the most complete in terms of five stars in spa, five stars in food, five stars in rooms  thats very unique in the gaming industry  that is diversification. When Wynn Palace begins, at 8 oclock in the evening, on the night of August 22, everybody will experience visually for the first time  the press will see it the week before with me  the most diverse, the most elegant, the most completely diversified attraction in the hospitality industry that exists anywhere in the world. I say that unequivocally because it took us six years to be able to make that statement. And all of you who have enough interest in the matter and the press will get to see it for themselves. Youll eat the food with the incredible array of chefs from pastry to  we have Alain Ducasse chefs in our coffee shop in this hotel. Its on the water, experiencing $70 million or $80 million worth of entertainment on the fountains. That filters through to the entertainment quality in each of the restaurants, even in the gaming areas. So in the lobbies, tens of millions of dollars have been spent on floors that open. The theme of the hotel is flowers. Were talking about Ferris wheels, carousels, 25-foot-tall Faberg eggs that open, all made of flowers. Everywhere in the hotel, there is entertainment, public entertainment. And in every aspect of the hotel, the hospitality diversification has been intensified and redoubled. And those are the things  if you want to take a hotel to another level, not a casino, a hotel, then you have to revisit each and every component down to the most minute detail and revisit them, ask all of the questions, question your history, question fundamental assumptions, the ones that survive have survived cross-examination and re-cross and the new stuff emerges as you apply a great deal of self-critical judgment in the design/development phase. All of this will be self-explanatory and self-evident at 8 oclock on 22 August to the rest of the world when this hotel takes its first breath publicly. The press will get to see it and the financial community in the days preceding August 22. Incidentally, we adopted a technique. I was asked, how do you want to handle the opening, Steve? I said, Ill tell you how I want to handle the opening. I want to show the world. I want to show the political leaders who don't attend these hotels. I want them to see the villas, the penthouses, the entertainment attractions alone, in small groups of tours in each of these remarkable moments in this building before it opens. And then, during the month, thats what Im going to do on 22nd to our invited guests. But in the weeks preceding August 22, all 12,000 or 13,000 of our employees will be in small groups of eight to ten and experience the identical tour and visualization of this hotel in tours with music and with full-tilt presentations, so that by the time we get to August 22, there will be an awareness in the community of what we have built. That is the policy we are following. And it begins in two days and that is the indoctrination and the display. When you talk about the villas and the penthouses and the other attractions in this hotel, normal people will never get to see them. Theyll be reserved for special guests that are being entertained, that are being fed in these restaurants. The politicians and political leaders, union leaders, line employees will never see every part of this place because theyre specialized in certain parts of it. But our job from August 1 to August 22 will be to make sure that anybody who works for the Wynn Macau company, in either the Peninsula operations or the one in Cotai, are completely exposed to what we have built for them as a place to work because, at the end of the day, this is all about our employees because if our employees have a sense of the place and its luxury and its special nature, then they will pass that on to the public. Those are our strategies. Those are our philosophies. Thats our thinking. And were going to bring it all to bear along with 40-odd years of experience to see if we can get this place off and running in a nice way. It was built to take market share, no question about it. No need to pussyfoot about it. And well see if we can keep the promise. Personally, I saw it three weeks ago. I thought it was the most joyful place weve ever built. My wife, Andrea, and I walked through the building and we were quite dazzled by it. Im hoping that all of you will be [indiscernible].
Jon Oh: Okay, thank you for the color. If I may follow-up with another question, I think you made a statement earlier about premium mass and it seems like thats going to be the front and center of the Wynn Palace strategy. Could you size up the state of the premium mass market today, specifically if you could maybe give us some sense as to some visitation trends youre seeing and also customer spend? Are you seeing any encouraging signs right now? And how do you feel about the state of this market. We know your position very well given the product that youre building, but any color on premium mass as a segment will be very helpful to us. Thank you.
Stephen Wynn: Ian Coughlan, my Irish boss, do =you want to talk?
Ian Coughlan: Sure. What weve seen in premium mass at Wynn Macau, specifically, is very sticky customers. And weve been allowed, over the last 18 months, to grow the mid-tier premium mass. Weve cultivated a lot of new players. Its been very strong for us. Weve allocated more tables to premium mass and it suits the property. So theyre our type of customers. Its been running very well. And were very confident about premium mass at Wynn Palace. We have the product to support it and weve built the place for our premium mass and Wynn Macau is no different. So we are seeing, finally, a return of some of the higher-end premium mass players. Weve seen that particularly over the last eight weeks. So its strong, its steady, its stable, and were looking forward to Wynn Palace and Cotai being a different market with lots of premium mass there to harvest.
Stephen Wynn: And, Jon, on all three months  April, May, and June  we were up in the mass segment year-over-year.
Jon Oh: Thank you. Thats very helpful.
Stephen Wynn: Whos next?
Operator: Our next question is from Felicia Hendrix from Barclays.
Felicia Hendrix: Hi. Good afternoon. I just want to switch gears for a second, if I may, because my question is on capital allocation. So, Steve, so youre opening up Wynn Palace in about a month, a little less than a month, right? And then, we move to Boston and  by the way, congratulations on getting closer to commencing construction there. So in a few years, Boston will be open. And then, following those two projects, you should be back to generating strong free cash flow. The next project in line is, obviously, Paradise Park if that gets approved. So I'm just wondering, how do we think about your free cash flow as youre building out that project in Vegas? Is there a scenario where youre returning cash to shareholders, while youre also embarking on construction in Vegas once Boston is open?
Stephen Cootey: Felicia, I think we always return cash to shareholders and well continue as long as our business remains robust to pay dividends. Thats been our policy from the beginning of this company. And once  as you look at our balance sheet, it becomes quite strong, we expect, over the next 12 months and our capital allocation will be exactly what its been.
Stephen Wynn: Were in construction, Felicia, and we have been for several weeks on our Wynn Plaza shopping center on the Strip, on the sidewalk on the Strip between Wynn and Encore. So were very happy with that and the leasing is proceeding and that project is underway and will finish next year.
Felicia Hendrix: Okay. I'm sorry.
Stephen Wynn: I'm sorry. Thats all. I just wanted to throw that in. We did start that job and its going well. Okay, great. And then, Steve, so when we think about Macau, right, and a lot of the questions, I think, that were being asked today are kind of coming from the base of people trying to figure out whats going to happen in the very near term, right? Like, is the new supply going to grow or cannibalize the market? And thats an interesting debate.  But when we look out further, a year, two years out, and given the stabilization the market is seeing now, especially given the market  the stabilization that the market is seeing now, do you feel more comfortable about your growth projections for the market as you look out a few years? And just as a follow-up to that, how much of your vision in Macau relies on proper infrastructure being in place, like the bridge and the light rail, that sort of thing?
Stephen Wynn: Well, were seeing numbers today that have no bridge, no monorail, none of those remarkable infrastructure additions that the government has instigated. Theyve not yet matured and come into season. So what were seeing is the picture that youre sharing with us at the moment based upon the numbers from ourselves and the other gents and the other companies in Macau. The things that are in the pipeline, the bridges, its mightily being constructed. Monorail, with its growing pains, seems to be settling in and work is proceeding on that. Those things all add to the viability of all of the operators in the special administrative region. And they can do nothing but help as far as I understand them. All they can do is make it easier for more people to get to Macau. The penetration of Macau in terms of the general population is still small. The room for growth is astronomical when you consider coming to play and how many folks there are. The visitation in Macau is being augmented and enhanced not only by these infrastructure projects that are breathtaking, that bridge and the monorail, the light rail, but by the very facilities that the concessionaires have invested in and that have opened. Galaxy and Venetian and the City of Dreams and the Studio City are very aggressive, massive projects. And then Parisian comes on shortly and then, eventually, well have the SJM property, which I think theyve, in a stroke of real originality, called The Palace. That comes on at some time next year, I guess. When is that due, Matt?
Matt Maddox: I'm not sure. I think its further out.
Stephen Wynn: Further out. But the Parisian is around the corner.
Matt Maddox: Its a couple of weeks after us.
Stephen Wynn: Yeah. So those things match and enhance the future of the market, coupled with those infrastructure things that you mentioned. Now, I don't know the final date of the bridge. Have they announced one lately when they expect to function, to have functionality on the bridge? I know the light rail  when?
Ian Coughlan: 2020 or 2021. It keeps moving.
Stephen Wynn: Yeah, in three or four years. And what about the light rail, Ian?
Ian Coughlan: 2018, first phase; 2019, the second phase.
Stephen Wynn: The first phase goes around two sides of our property and has its first stop right in the middle of the lake by our gondola station. Thats the first stop from the ferry terminal. And it goes around the north and the west side of our property and stops right smack in the middle next to our gondola station. No exit there, of course. We did it deliberately. And then that gondola station feeds the MGM which is coming along in a few months. It feeds Parisian. It feeds the City of Dreams and Wynn, the Palace. So I like the interaction of the infrastructure as it comes on-board and it sort of matches and enhances the performance of the buildings and the projects that have been built. Thats how I look at it, anyway. Its just sort of a  but I tend to be a longer-range looker at these things than quarter-to-quarter, but thats my job here. So Im feeling good about it. I love our position in Macau. That concession was one of the most remarkable benefits ever bestowed on companies. Those of us who are privileged to have such privileges in the SAR are very lucky. The amount of money weve been able to make and the opportunity to create these places has been fabulous.
Felicia Hendrix: Well, thank you.
Stephen Wynn: Yeah. Is there another question? Apparently not.
Stephen Cootey: I think there is.
Stephen Wynn: Is there another question?
Stephen Cootey: Yeah.
Operator: Our next question is from Thomas Allen from Morgan Stanley.
Thomas Allen: Hey, how are you? So you announced about a month ago the opening date of Wynn Palace and you started booking rooms, can you give us any color around bookings? You also have been hiring hosts. Any color youre hearing from hosts on potentially pent-up demand of people who haven't been coming to the market and maybe will start coming again once the Wynn Palace opens? Thank you.
Stephen Wynn: I think were at 70% occupancy already and weve only had the booking machine turned on for a matter of days.
Ian Coughlan: June 21, Steve, weve started online sales and taken reservations. And weve had a strong demand basically and our rate is at a premium on both the gaming and the non-gaming. So we're looking very, very strong for the first five weeks prior to Golden Week and then we go up from there into the 80s.
Thomas Allen: That's helpful color. Thank you. And then, just talk about the Macau Peninsula property. Your slot volumes are really weak this quarter. I think its the weakest number I have seen or weve seen since 2009, anything driving that?
Ian Coughlan: Just the movement of big players. They can affect the month and they can affect the quarter. So the previous quarter was excellent, so theyll be coming back.
Stephen Wynn: The slot machines are very much like the tables. There are very big slot players in China. And in our particular case, when they show up, it gets very exciting. When they don't, its a little bit more subdued.
Thomas Allen: Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question is from Robin Farley from UBS.
Robin Farley: Great, thanks. I have two questions. One is, how should we think about, for the Palace, what percent of rooms will be sold cash sales versus given to players, just how to think about that. And then, also, I wonder how you think about how the US election outcome may impact business in Vegas?
Stephen Wynn: What a good question that is, Robin. Ill take the second question. Yeah, go ahead, Ian.
Gamal Aziz: Steve, this is Gamal. We initially planned for the initial period to be at 30% non-gaming or cash business and 70% gaming and then we will eventually get into a 75% gaming, 25% cash business.
Robin Farley: Okay, great.
Stephen Wynn: The election in the United States, I think were all in the same position. Its almost impossible to predict exactly what effect that will have. Without getting into an economics discussion, we have  sooner or later, our political establishment is going to be forced, regardless of party affiliation, to deal with $19 trillion in debt thats climbing by around $1.6 billion a day. That means that, in the Treasury auction each month in downtown Washington, were printing money at the rate of $40 billion or $50 billion a month, which is, of course, increasing the money supply and directly impacting the living standard or the buying power of the US dollar or people who are being paid like everybody on this call today.  Now, part of the frustration in America is the fact that the deficit is having an enormous impact on the living style and the living standard of Americans, but not all of this is well understood by the folks, to use Bill O'Reilly's term. The folks are being  their living standard being clipped by the deficit and by the printing of money and the increase in the money supply. How long can this go on? In the history of the Western world, inflating your way out of this kind of a problem, taken to its extreme, to use the Weimar Republic as an example, people went grocery shopping with wheelbarrows full of currency. Now, before the recession, the euro was $0.87, $0.85 on the dollar. During Quantitative Easing 1, 2 and 3, it went up to $1.48. That was a devaluation of the American currency by 20%. Now, its $1.10. And to use that as a benchmark for a moment, it isn't that the dollar got stronger, its that the euro got weaker because they started quantitative easing and printing money in the euro community. So this deficit issue impacts the mental health, the frustration, the positive sense of tomorrow that working people feel in America. It hasnt got to do with rich folks. Its got to do with government, fiscal and monetary policy. We have $14 trillion in public debt and $5 trillion in intergovernmental debt. The coupon on that $19-trillion-and-climbing is around 2.3%, and thats with short-term interest rates at zero virtually. Now, the current Fed, the lady is going to keep interest rates where they are. That, of course, protects all of the credit card debt of $1 trillion thats out there. And so, we don't have mass panic on the credit card interest. But I know that the government is in a quandary as to what to do about this. Now, the issue about whats going to happen with the election isn't so much an issue of Trump versus Clinton at the moment. Its a question of whether the House and the Senate and the Executive branch can get together and make Americans feel safer and have a fiscal and monetary policy that isn't self-destructive, which currently it is. Now, I know that, in this time of year, everybody is making all kinds of promises and declarations that they can do things or they will do things that, of course, they cannot without exacerbating the problems that are currently plaguing the country. What is lamentable is that the public discourse today on both sides misses the point entirely. Were in the chicken for every pot season where everybody is promising the moon. I recall that one of the most popular themes this year is that weve got to get student loans and the burden of student loans off the back of the kids. Well, when the Affordable Care Act was passed and it was going to have a negative impact on the deficit, which its sponsors had promised it wouldn't, the sponsors went looking for a way to offset $8 billion or so in additional deficit and they came up with the kind of a stunt that we did with Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac when we eliminated mortgage brokers and we just took the loans directly into Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac and that led to the collapse of $5 trillion off the system. Well, they did the same thing with the Department of Education. They gave the student loans directly from the Department of Education and eliminated any middle people. And then they charged 6.5 points or 650 basis points for student loans instead of passing the savings because the Department of Education doesn't really have a cost of money. But theyre making the student loans direct since the Affordable Care Act. Bernie Sanders didn't talk about that. But that 650 basis points, that carry is being made by the government to offset what would have been an even greater impact on the deficit by the Affordable Care Act. Well, if you really were sincere about making a better life for the kids, you would have passed the loans from the Department of Education to the kids at cost, which would have been interest free. But this kind of hypocrisy, which sort of is endemic to the whole system regardless of party, has got to come to a halt. Because if it doesn't, then it insinuates itself into economic demand for services and products. It certainly insinuates itself into the price of everything from Walmart to shoes and sneakers. Those things haven't been by themselves become more precious. The value of the dollar has declined. I know that we talk about China fooling with their currency. The United States has fooled with its currency even more aggressively than the People's Republic of China. Im not an apologist for China or anybody. I am simply stating the fact. But you won't see this in the conventions of either party. You won't hear this sort of thing because its so uncomfortable to talk about it. But the election could put America on a better track if all the Senators and Congressmen and the Presidents and the cabinet members decide that they should or it won't. I don't know about anybody on this call, but Im not in a position to make that prediction. But it surely, surely impacts the life of every American. Tax policy and all the rest all roll into this and businessmen across the country and people that work in businesses will be affected by this as sure as sunrise tomorrow. And there seems to be a fear to deal with it directly. So count me as one of those old white guys thats frustrated.
Robin Farley: Okay, thank you.
Stephen Wynn: Robin
Operator: And our next question is from David Katz
Stephen Wynn: I want to say something to Robin. Robin, there's 465 agencies in government and there's 4.15 million federal employees. 1.5 million are in uniform. 2.65 million of them are civilians covered by the SCI Union and the Civil Service Act. If you want to make government more efficient, youve got to have a big idea that resonates with all of the government employees, all 2.65 million of them and 460 agencies and it is going to have to be the kind of big idea that we used to run businesses, which is namely to reinforce positively the behavior that we wish to encourage. And that can be done with tax policy and with employment techniques in the federal government that works so well in the private sector. If we told everybody in those 465 agencies, you ran the business for X amount of dollars last year. If you maintain service levels and you can save a dollar, we will distribute $0.20 on every dollar you save to those of you in those departments, youd see the government contract in terms of its cost of operation overnight. But youd have to incentivize the people in those 2.65 million employees the way we incentivize people in the private sector and gain efficiency and better functionality. But those big ideas don't seem to apply in Washington. Enough of the speech. Go ahead with the questions.
Operator: Our next question is from David Katz from Telsey Group.
David Katz: Hi, afternoon. Two quick ones. Now that Boston is becoming more of a tangible property and that this may involve getting Bob into the act, Im curious how you can update us on how you plan to position it. As we look around the geographic region, there are other large properties, other small ones, but I think they tend to be more slot driven, if you can talk about who your target market is. And then, I'm curious what your kind of long-term commentary might be around the table game business in Las Vegas, which candidly has been a little bit hard to model. Whatever thoughts you have would be welcome. Thank you.
Stephen Wynn: Bob and I will do that together and Ill lead. That building in Massachusetts is the Wynn in every sense of the word  the rooms, the suites, the service, the food, the beverage, the public entertainment, the theatrical entertainment is everything that we do here. Were bringing a five-star, frontline, integrated resort right into the center of Massachusetts. We're the largest private investment in the history of that commonwealth and we are the second biggest employer except for the hospitals in the commonwealth. And its going to be a doozy. And itll deal to the same level of the market that we are dealing here. Bob DeSalvio, were very lucky to get him come join us. I was with him this week on the East Coast in Pennsylvania. And, Bob, you can pick it up from there.
Robert DeSalvio: Sure. We think of this market in a couple of different ways; first of all, an incredible local market. Weve got the only casino with 5 million people in the Greater Boston area. And then, when we branch out from there, weve got about 25 million people of gaming age within a 400-mile radius of the property, so probably the most incredible local market available with one casino. Massport has been excellent in terms of the international destinations coming in and out of Logan. And were now up to 54 non-stop international destinations coming into Logan, so the opportunities for picking up areas that are very good for Wynn with direct service to Hong Kong, Shanghai, Beijing and, of course, all the major capitals around the world provides us with a great opportunity for the international market. And so, we look at this on many different levels  local, regional, national, international  and feel we can qualify for all of them, so were very, very bullish on it.
Stephen Wynn: What about room rates in that City of Boston, Bob?
Robert DeSalvio: Right now, extremely high and continuing to climb. Theres a real shortage of rooms. Of course, with healthcare, life sciences, biotech, the universities, theres so much activity and so much building going on in the area and not enough quality hotel rooms. So the rates continue to climb and well be at the top of the market. Therell be nobody in the market that will have rooms even close to this. So we are actually predicting that we will do very high ADR in this particular property.
Stephen Wynn: And we are the largest hotel in the metropolitan area in terms of total rooms  the biggest rooms in the East Coast, the largest room outside of Las Vegas in the United States of America in terms of footage and decor and the most amount of rooms in Central Massachusetts. 12 minutes from Logan airport. The first hotel weve ever had that had non-stop service from China. No Gulfstreams needed. Im sorry [indiscernible].
David Katz: I think the other part of my question was about the table game business in Las Vegas, which has been a little bit hard. If you have any sort of longer-term thoughts on it, it would be very helpful. Thank you.
Stephen Wynn: Well, we do. And its what I led the conference call with. Gaming hasn't changed the price of gambling in 70 years, and yet our cost of operating these places has climbed steadily over that period. And the mentality of the marketing people and the gaming people to deal directly with that sector of the business has been trained, has been grown and matured with a focus on the top line  the average bet, the length of play, how often does the customer come, what is our chance of winning X dollars  and then let's get that customer, give him a room, pay for his airfare, send a limousine, give him a bottle of Lafite Rothschild, do anything, give him a shopping spree. These are the earmarks of the superficial thought that has guided casino management for decades when it should have been focused on what is the profitability of every table and every customer. Now, Im not suggesting that they don't have profitability meetings and reviews at these various enterprises, but Im in a position to say that any examination by any financial person in or out of the industry will reveal that the profit margins of table games in the gaming industry in the United States of America stinks, lousy, less than 20%. Now, these businesses end up with margins close to 30% because they have slot machines and rooms and bars and nightclubs. But the forgotten sector has been profitability of table games.  We decided to take another look at that a year ago. I remember exactly, it was at the end of the second quarter and I went after it the first week of July and started moving furniture and changing rules in collaboration with my colleagues, like Maurice Wooden, who happens to be on vacation in Hawaii this week, Matt Maddox, Linda Chen, Ian Coughlan, Gamal Aziz, Steve Cootey  my Chief Financial Officer  and everybody in China. And we decided that there had to be a better way to do this. You say its tough to model table games. You, I don't know how you do your model. But if you do a deep dive in companies like the ones that line the Strip in Las Vegas, the regional casinos, and take a look at the profitability of table games, that model is shaky. We've changed that here. We don't care about the drop. We don't care about that. We care about the profitability of every foot in the casino. We take a very merchandising retail approach to the floor.  Incidentally, I think Sheldon has done that in China when he opened up years ago. Its harder to do it when youre not living in an avalanche of revenue the way we did when casinos first started in Macau. In a day-to-day disciplined grind of normal operation, it requires re-educating all of the marketing and casino personnel to look at the customers differently. We don't even issue promotional allowances or comps based upon past performance. We do it on current business activity. That is to say, if you play this trip at a certain level, we will give you free meals or free rooms. But if you played that way last year and you show up this week, we are waiting to see what happens this week. Thats a big change in the way they though in this business and it requires a lot of discipline and, frankly, re-education of the people that work in the casinos. It took us months to get to where we wanted to be in Las Vegas. But, imagine, we were able to overcome a loss of $50 million or $80 million in baccarat drop to make the same money or more in Las Vegas. Thats hard to do. But, now, when someone plays, its a business. Its a business. Otherwise, we sell the rooms to cash customers and we reallocate the space in our building. The business model is constantly morphing and changing. And is it not doing so in every business in the world? And the prize goes to whos agile. Were trying, were trying. We are, so to speak, in a commercial sense, constantly in a yoga class. So factor that into your modeling, maybe you'll be able to follow us soon.
David Katz: Appreciate it. Thank you.
Operator: And there are no further audio questions at this time.
Stephen Wynn: Thank you, everybody, for paying attention today and giving us your time. Looking forward to sharing the results of all these exciting new projects as we go forward. Bye-bye.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-05-07 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Steve Cootey  Chief Financial Officer Steve Wynn  Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Matt Maddox  President Ian Coughlan  President, Wynn Resorts, Macau S.A. Maurice Wooden  President, Wynn Las Vegas
Analysts: Felicia Hendrix  Barclays Shaun Kelley  Bank of America Carlo Santarelli  Deutsche Bank Joseph Greff  JPMorgan Thomas Allen  Morgan Stanley Robin Farley  UBS Harry Curtis  Nomura David Katz  Telsey Advisory Group
Operator: Welcome to the Wynn Las Vegas First Quarter 2016 Earnings Call. I would like to turn the call over to Steve Cootey, Chief Financial Officer. Please go ahead.
Steve Cootey: Thank you and good afternoon. Joining the call on behalf of the Company today are Steve Wynn, Matt Maddox, Kim Sinatra, Maurice Wooden and myself here in Las Vegas. Also on the phone are the operational management teams from both our Las Vegas and Macau properties. Before we get started I just wanted to remind everyone that we will be making forward-looking statements under Safe Harbor federal securities law and those statements may or may not come true. And with that I'm going to turn the call over to Mr. Wynn.
Steve Wynn: Well, we did have some information released prior to this about the quarter. And we are going to discuss the various subjects that I am sure will be of interest to the people on the call. The only other thing I could say is that since our early release to bring everybody up to date, it was very interesting that both Macau and Las Vegas had better Aprils than they did a year ago. And that was in terms of profitability and that was very nice. So without any other comment I think we will let this go to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from the line of Joseph Greff from JPMorgan. Sir, your line is open.
Steve Cootey: Joe, are you there?
Steve Wynn: I think we dont have him. Are you there for question?
Operator: Mr. Greff, your line is open.
Steve Wynn: Joe Greff, are you there? Maybe you should take someone else, operator. Operator, would you take someone else?
Operator: Yes, sir. Your next question comes from the line of Felicia Hendrix with Barclays.
Felicia Hendrix: Good morning and thank you for my question. So, Steve, in your Investor Day, I just wanted to go back to some of the metrics that you used when you were talking through the scenarios at Wynn Palace and Wynn Macau. You used a market GGR of $29.6 billion, which if you look at where consensus estimates are now for the market  and I know it is impossible to forecast, but that is what we have to work with  that implies about a 6% growth rate for next year. So, I'm just wondering as you think about that number, is that being driven by visitation, by spending increases? Just trying to get an idea about how you and your management team are thinking about the market revenue growth drivers for next year.
Steve Wynn: Well, Steve Cootey and Matt Maddox were the ones that discussed that and they are on the call and I think they can follow-up with your answer.
Matt Maddox: What we did, because it was a public meeting, is we actually used the consensus estimates using Hong Kong analysts and the U.S. analysts for the market for next year. So with any properties coming on board and the stabilization seen in Macau we thought that consensus was a good metric.
Felicia Hendrix: Okay, so you are just kind of using that as a benchmark and then your views of what market share and EBITDA margins would be?
Matt Maddox: That is correct.
Felicia Hendrix: Okay. So then just moving on to my next question  and Steve, this is on your Paradise Park project. And so now that we have time to digest the initial announcement, I was just wondering could you delve deeper into some of the elements you discussed? I know the Board still has to approve it, but I believe you said at the Investor Day it could amount to about a $1.5 billion project. So I was just wondering is that the right cost to think about? And then also, as you think about the different aspects of the project cost, can you walk us through that and how you are thinking about driving an appropriate return from that spend?
Steve Wynn: Yes, I can. And if you recall, what I said was that until all of the costs are complete and compared to the revenue, and we know that the business plan is as good as we think it is, I am not going to take it to the Board. So my management team, and all lot of it is myself and the group that have created these hotels in the last 40 years, we have been obsessed on a daily basis and on weekends with a whole team of creative people that include former Disney animators that  I sit when I do these kind of things with animators very much the way Walt Disney did. And as we work on ideas one of the men sketches in real time, the perspective drawings, the elevations. The lake is  when I had the Investor Day we showed the West End of the lake which was 1,300 feet by 1,300 feet. We realized that our development sites that were further to the east on the corner of Desert Inn and Paradise and on Paradise itself and on the south side which is Paradise and the side that backs up to Sands Road, we had these rather large development sites of 20, 19 and 17 acres. And we wanted to extend the lake to create more beachfront property. So we extended the like another 600 feet and that happened after the Investor Day. Now picture this in your mind when you understand how we do this. Here is this body of water that has a boardwalk surrounding it that is over a mile long, it is 5,800 feet, and there are all of these properties and offerings of shopping, retail, there is even little cul-de-sacs of little villages like a little village square off them. It is a discovery place for people walking and staying in the hotel. Now we show a 1,000 room addition that is connected to Wynn that is totally integrated with the country club restaurant as it is presently known and the rest of our hotel. But then we show the rest of this property with its convention and meeting space around it and the development sites that are beachfront. What we realize is that in order for this to have the critical mass that is irresistible to the public, it has to be a place that is irresistible to the public. And so therefore, what I didn't show on Investor Day but  because I didn't have the model ready, is that in the middle of this 1,300 by 2,000 foot piece of water is a mountain, an island, that is 8 to 10 stories tall, but it is an irregular topography. It is a slope up to two twin peaks that are connected with a rope bridge. And built into the side are cabanas and other special effects platforms, some of which are going to be occupied in the daytime by people and very luxurious premium kinds of recreational spots. And then there is a beach bar with white sand. And then from our convention center on the north there are zip lines that take people to the bar and from the side of the mountain there are zip lines that take them back the other way. There are ferries, little electric ferries that go out to the dock at the beach bar. That is to say this place is populated and at night the twin peaks are launching positions for our fireworks show and for other special effects that make up an entertainment moment at 9:00 to 9:30 or so at night. And the water ski show is in the afternoon at 3:00. So all of these elements make up this world behind here that we refer to as Paradise Park. When I had the Investor Day I had some preliminary stuff that we had worked on that was available to show, but we had stuff that wasn't in model form where we had taken the project further. The creative process in the design development phase of something like this is very dynamic and it changes on a weekly basis as we layer in all of the attractions and the things that make it irresistible to the 800,000 people a week that come to Las Vegas, the 118,000 people a day that promenade up and down that stay for 3.5 days and turn over twice a week. It also adds immeasurably to the sex appeal and value of the undeveloped real estate that is also fronted on the waterfront and viewing the island and enjoying all the water interactive things that take place. So, that is a little bit more conversation about Paradise Park. And you can understand that as these ideas are fleshed out, then we will be able to decide on the cost per foot to build the structure. In effect it's a hollow building that looks like Fantasy Island on the outside, but is hollow on the inside, very much like the small one that is in front of Wynn and the Lake of Dreams. Only this is taking that idea much further into another realm altogether. But this is not Epcot; we are not just building a body of water with a promenade around the edge. The American public has seen that before. When we do something here we do something that hasn't been seen before and offers people a chance to enjoy it, explore it and hopefully they will find that irresistible. Of course that is the developer speaking and you have to take me  the kinds of things I say with a grain of salt I guess. But we have been at it for 45 years and we have always managed to keep that promise.
Felicia Hendrix: Thank you for that. And just a quick one for either Steve or Matt. Can you just  the margins in Macau, they are higher than they have been for a very long time. Was there anything in particular driving that?
Steve Cootey: We did  if you look at the press release you will see our provision for doubtful accounts is down. So we did have an $8 million reversal of a debt that was fully collected. So that did impact EBITDA. But remember we also are carrying .
Steve Wynn: Yes, let's remind  $25 million a quarter and I can now tell the investment community that $100 million a year backpack we have got on the Peninsula property will come to an end on June 30. Ian is going to transfer the $25 million a month that he is carrying from Wynn, or $8.5 million a month, onto the new hotel where it belongs. And so, we are going to see the Peninsula property efficiency take a rather dramatic jump, which I hope will more than offset any of the kind of transference that occurs within a company when they open a second property. That is $25 million a quarter and this is the last quarter of that package being carried by the other hotel. Its profitability is greater than it has appeared.
Felicia Hendrix: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Shaun Kelley with Bank of America.
Shaun Kelley: Good afternoon, everyone. Maybe just to clarify on that last point, but just to be clear, are the expenses moving over at beginning of the second quarter or not until the end just so we can think about the models and the margins for next quarter?
Steve Wynn: Day one of the third quarter. Day one of third quarter.
Shaun Kelley: Perfect. And then maybe just one bigger picture question, Steve, but I was also intrigued by some of the answers around the Paradise Park comments from a moment ago. And a large competitor on the strip reported earnings this morning and also mentioned about some of the programming that they are doing around the park, their park project in talking a little bit more about accessible price points. And I'm just kind of curious at a high-level when you think about what you are doing and what the goal is behind Paradise Park. Is there an interplay here that you are trying to accomplish between the high-end and luxurious environment that you create at Wynn with a bit of a more mass-market appeal? Or how do you want to balance those two elements in terms of accessibility?
Steve Wynn: Great question. Look, what do we do here now? We offer a more luxurious property with all kinds of choices in food, beverage and nightclubs for the young people, 5,000 people a night in excess and the beach club 5,000 people a day. These are not casino customers, these are people who are in search of a different form of recreation and we satisfy their demand. And we benefit from that to the tune of $30 million or $35 million a year, for example if we are talking about nightclubs, in EBITDA. So when we talk about Paradise Park, first of all, we put 1,000 rooms that are going to be the encore room with a 40 foot length room with a sitting area, they are petite suites, and we're going to add a balcony on each room facing the lake in a 17 story structure. Now that is probably going to be one of the most desirable hotel rooms in the country. I mean fireworks every night and all of this lunacy going on outside, staring at these remarkable scenes that we are going to build with activity going on. That certainly goes after a higher value customer. And then we are adding these gorgeous meeting rooms both as an add-on of an 85,000 foot meeting room and 50,000 feet  I mean 85,000 ballroom and 50,000 feet of meeting rooms next to La Fete [ph] in the Wynn side. And then we're adding a 25,000 and a 50,000 foot ballroom and I guess another 35,000 foot of meeting rooms on the new side, on the Paradise Park side. All of these rooms and facilities have terraces and open areas, open onto this show that is in the middle. So to that extent we are playing, aren't we, to a high price point. But on the other hand, I am going to charge every single person $20 to $30 to experience Paradise Park whether I do it as part of the room charge, as a resort fee per night or whether I do it for people coming in off the street, part of those 118,000 people a day that are visiting the town. I'm going to charge for it and that is going to make this place accessible. It is $100 to go to Disneyland; we are going to charge $20. But you are talking about revenues of $300,000 or $400,000 a day if anybody shows up. And this is high-margin business. So to one extent, as we do in our existing 4,700 rooms, soon to be 5,700 if this project proceeds as planned, we will be getting mass business and we will be increasing our occupancy in the existing rooms and creating occupancy in expensive rooms on the lake. That is what we are trying to do. But I made a point that is worth repeating incessantly. You cannot get dynamic with gaming equipment. It is only gaming equipment, it is always the same everywhere in the world, at the most humble regional box of slots to the fanciest place. The trick is how many people come through the casino and what is their average income, at what level in the economic scale are they? That is how we manage to increase and break the record in casino revenues at every place we have ever built since 1989. Nothing really  conceptually in our planning nothing is really changing. Wynn Paradise Park is a further extension of the same mentality taking advantage of imagination and fantasy on property that we own for zero with water rights that we own for zero, and we are the only ones that have them at this size. And we are going to do it with solar power and we are going to use less water than a golf course. So we are going to be very green at the same time. I hope that responds to your question.
Shaun Kelley: Thank you very much.
Steve Wynn: Yes.
Operator: Your next comes from the line of Carlo Santarelli with Deutsche Bank.
Carlo Santarelli: Thanks and good afternoon. Just on the topic of the April trends you mentioned, Steve. Could you elaborate maybe a little bit more just on what specifically in Macau you are seeing that is improving year-over-year? Obviously your mass business has been a lot more stable just in terms of what you saw in April that is encouraging.
Steve Wynn: Ian, would you like to talk about that? Or Linda?
Ian Coughlan: Sure. April was another very steady month. The trend of our VIP business junkets and our direct business being stabilized continued. Mass continued to grow in the mid-tier for us. 60% of the room inventory is allocated to mass and slots right now. And we were also impacted by two extremely strong days at the end of April. The May holiday actually kicked in the last two days of April and we held really well. So we got a really nice bump at the end of the month. But in many cases it is just continued stability throughout. Retail was up sequentially month over month, quarter over quarter, so we are seeing some signs that the worst is over.
Carlo Santarelli: Great, thank you. And then as you guys have kind of honed in on the $25 million a quarter of the labor expense savings, which I believe is consistent with what you guys had said at the Analyst Day nearly a month ago, do you have  is it safe to say that to come up with that number you have a relatively decent idea of the table capacity you expect to have at Cotai?
Steve Wynn: Yes. We have a positive expectation but no guarantee. So I think it is probably good to stay away from that because I wouldn't want to be perceived as putting myself in the government's shoes.
Carlo Santarelli: Understandable. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joseph Greff with JPMorgan.
Joseph Greff: Hello, everyone.
Steve Wynn: There you are Joe. We missed you at first.
Joseph Greff: Sorry about that. Steve, maybe you can talk about what you think will come out of the government's midterm review and then how the government is looking at the conclusions drawn there for any future policy changes.
Steve Wynn: We have some idea of what the review had to say in general terms. And that was that the upgrade, the expansion of the appeal of the Macau market was successful in every way, either met or exceeded the goals that were set early at the millennium. It also resulted in inflation and the cost of living which has put some pressure on the local people as far as their rents. And that has resulted in the government putting pressure on us to keep raising wages which we have all done. In our case I think we have led the market because of our stock ownership and other things we have done. And the other hotels have also been rather aggressive in responding to the government. And I think those are the main ingredients unless, Matt, you know more or Gamal or Ian or Linda  do you know more about it? And you know, you have heard the question. And I think any of my people in China that want to respond can feel free to do so.
Ian Coughlan: Based on the significant gathering of information it seems to be a very fact driven analysis of what has happened over the last 10 years. And we are not expecting any negative aspect to it. It is really just a health check to see where we have been, what we have promised and what we have delivered as an industry and then to set some markers for the future.
Steve Wynn: There's is definitely an indication that there will be no surprises.
Joseph Greff: Great. And then Steve Cootey, just a couple of financial-related questions. Interest expense was down meaningfully, can't be all related to capitalized interest. What was going on there in the 1Q?
Steve Cootey: It's actually all related to capitalized interest. So we took the opportunity to capitalize about $25 million of interest we should have capitalized in last year related to Palace.
Joseph Greff: Got it. And then one final question, cash balances in Macau?
Steve Cootey: Cash balance in Macau about $865 million as of March 31.
Joseph Greff: Great, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Thomas Allen with Morgan Stanley.
Thomas Allen: Good afternoon. A couple of your peers in Macau reported having to take higher than normal bad debt provisions this past quarter. Can you just talk about the overall collections environment and the junket environment in general? Thanks.
Matt Maddox: Yes, sure. It is Matt Maddox. So as I talked about before, if you noticed our bad debt provision was actually lower year-over-year because we are collecting debts that we fully reserved. And we haven't really seen any change in our collection process, it is very stable in our direct program right now.
Steve Wynn: But you know [indiscernible] we have got a history of being very conservative in that area. And nothing has changed after 45 years.
Thomas Allen: Helpful, thanks. And just quickly to follow up on that, Matt, that reversal wasn't just related to a single player or anything like that, that was a more general reversal. And all folded into my next question is there has been some talk about .
Steve Wynn: Wait. Hold it. There was one piece of information where it was a single person.
Matt Maddox: Yes, that is correct. That large reversal was a single person.
Steve Wynn: It was a junket operator.
Thomas Allen: Okay, helpful.
Steve Wynn: I don't know how important it is, but I just wanted to correct that.
Thomas Allen: Okay, perfect. And then there has been some talk in the market about proxy betting being regulated more in Macau. Any thoughts around that?
Steve Wynn: They've ended it. Okay, as of now it is illegal, there is no more phone betting. They stopped it today, the DJIC made it official. It is finito.
Thomas Allen: Any thoughts on how big of an impact that could be?
Steve Wynn: There is no more phone betting.
Matt Maddox: It is insignificant to Wynn I can tell you.
Thomas Allen: Okay, perfect. Thank you.
Steve Wynn: But it is officially not permitted. So no one will be doing it as of now.
Thomas Allen: Perfect. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robin Farley with UBS.
Robin Farley: Great, thanks. Just looking at the performance of the other resort that opened most recently in Cotai that has maybe ramped up a little slower than expectations. Does that sort of concern you about when you think about your property opening this year and another property opening in a pretty close timeframe? Do you think there is any conclusion to be drawn from the slower ramp up that this other property is seeing?
Steve Wynn: Well, I feel badly for our sub-concessionaire, Melco, who owns 60% of the place. I'm sure they are not happy with the results. Lawrence Ho is a very smart guy and I am sure you will see improvement there. Robin, if I understand correctly, you are wondering if that impacts our expectation on Palace, right. That is your main
Robin Farley: Yes, and opening so close to  in such a close timeframe to another project as well later this year.
Steve Wynn: Parisian?
Robin Farley: Yes.
Steve Wynn: Okay. We have repeated many times that we expected a competitive environment. Matt, at the Investor Day, took quite a bit of time to show where the business was, where does casino activity in Macau really come from. And that there has been this false identification of mass versus premium. The junket operator with the dead chips or the low level mass table games with the buses on the other hand. And nothing is further from the truth. That is a misunderstanding. The bulk of this market ranges rapidly up into what we call and I think we tend to categorize this a little bit too generally, mass premium. But the money in Macau is all based upon the better customer, both the cash customer with the regular chips and of course the people who play with the non-redeemable chips. But the money in Macau  when we say mass we are not talking about Circus for example at one end of the Las Vegas spectrum versus Wynn or Bellagio. What really goes on in Macau is all the money is in the better category of player at every level. Now the people that design these various new hotels, they make a bunch of decisions long before groundbreaking about what they are going to show the public, who they want their customer to be. And they define these things by the size of their rooms, the width of the corridors, the quality and selection of restaurants, the entire treatment of the interior decor, the flow of the elements of the hotel, which incidentally place specific emphasis and priorities on certain elements versus others because as you create the flow in these places you demonstrate your priorities to the public. This hotel, the Wynn Palace, was designed to appeal specifically to the heart and soul, the premium customer in Macau. The Studio City project was articulated by its developers as a place that was designed to appeal to the mass, the lower end. Parisian has a bulk of rooms, many of whom are much smaller than ours. The cost factors associated with these places, all of the decisions that are made by the developers define the product when it finally is launched. We have seen the competition in Macau, we have studied them with respect and in some cases admiration for their execution. But I'm going to say it one more time. We are not in that ZIP Code. We are not in that area code. When you see it, Robin, you will understand. This place has a different  a level than Bellagio, Wynn Macau, Wynn Las Vegas or Encore Las Vegas. This is a different place. So it is designed in every single element to appeal to that part of the market that goes from a 1,000 unit average bet of Hong Kong dollars to 1 million. And so, when we look at Studio City we don't see any comparison with us. Now when you asked me about Parisian and how do I feel about it opening right after us, I don't really know what Sheldon did, because we haven't seen it, and what his thinking was and his colleagues and where they were going to position Parisian. But I suspect that no one is directly challenging our market position at this point, unless SJM does. There is that character with the red Rolls-Royce that is building a place called Louis XIV that has 100 rooms or something and doesn't have any tables yet, but it is over in Coloane. I think his rhetoric is that it is going to be the fanciest thing in the world, the 100 rooms on Coloane. We don't stay up late night worrying about him. But in terms of the Parisian, as we have heard  Sheldon Adelson prefers to stay in the middle or what he calls the fat part of the market. And they do a very good job at that. We are positioned differently, Robin. If you were on our side of this I think you would probably agree that is the only way to go if you are Wynn and that is what we have done. So we don't have much heartburn about Studio City. I hope for their sake that it is a big success and sooner or later I believe that Lawrence Ho and James Packer will figure that out and make that place perform. And we do like the long-term prospects of Macau. We think the market will catch up with us all sooner or later. In the meantime, we may snatch a little market share here and there.
Robin Farley: Okay, great. That is helpful. My other question was on Vegas and the project that you have talked about, $300 million in EBITDA. Can you walk us through a little bit  I mean there's a 1,000 room hotel. And so, if we assume it will do premium to the hotel rooms that you have now. But that still probably doesn't get  can you talk about what some of the other pieces of EBITDA incrementally from that project may be to kind of get to a number in that $300 million range?
Steve Wynn: Well, I think that  I wanted everybody to know everything that was on our plate for the next five years, and so that, as I said at the meeting, we were playing our cards face up. But I think that the specifics of the math on Paradise Park should await more specific conversation when we can equate revenue to costs and really be responsive to that question. But remember, Robin, it is not a project until my Board says it is a project. And all of us in management have more work to do before we present it for the green light vote at the Board level. And because of the complexity and the really transitional impact that this project will have on Las Vegas, we want to make sure that we have done our homework and been very complete. And then we are going to discuss all this in great detail with you and the members of the investment community, the buy and sell side people in enormous detail. All I can say is this point is in my view it is overwhelmingly good news. It is my favorite thing in my career that I have ever done. It is the most fun I've ever had. In my opinion it's the most  it's the safest and most clear-cut opportunity in terms of real estate development that I've ever seen my life. So with that we proceed happily along the road of completion.
Robin Farley: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Harry Curtis with Nomura.
Harry Curtis: Hello. I just had one question turning to Massachusetts, which seems a bit like whack-a-mole. When Boston gets resolved then another city pops up. And wondering what you think of the challenge process. Do you think once you get through Somerville that that really is the end of it and you can dial up your investment?
Steve Wynn: The answer is we will get through Somerville and we will be in construction this summer. And the property in Boston will be unlike any other casino outside of Las Vegas in the United States of America. And I make that statement unequivocally. It is designed, it is drawn and it is virtually priced. We have a few last-minute tweaks that we can do in value engineering, but it will stand alone against anything that exists other than the city of Las Vegas or the strip in Las Vegas period. Period. Look, remember I said at the Investment Day that both the Palace in Asia and the Wynn in Boston  in the metropolitan area of Boston  both of them are not only great investments for this Company but they are case studies going forward for any other city that wants to try get in Asia, any other country or any other city in America that wants to have a grand hotel that employs people and is a credit to the community where gambling is subordinated but available, but that the resort and destination aspects of the building are unequivocal. The Massachusetts project will be exactly that sort of case study. And we think that is an important part of our future. Instead of having to do the developer speak like I am today talking about Paradise Park, we can just keep quiet and say here, look at this. Here Seoul Korea, Taiwan, anyplace else, look at Wynn Palace, we have nothing else to say. We rest. We don't have any body copy, we have no developer speak, just look at what we have done. I know a lot of the guys in my business talk about how great their buildings are. Well, get ready. In the month of July there is a new girl in town and we are going to meet her face to face and all the boys and girls in Macau can come take a look. This is a game for adults.
Harry Curtis: Very good. Can I just ask one other question on turning back to Vegas? Matt, can you give us a sense of how the balance of Vegas' bookings are looking this year? And do you think that 2017, based on what is on the books today, looks as good if not better for 2017?
Steve Wynn: Well, Maurice is here too.
Maurice Wooden: So looking forward we continue to see the same type of growth that we had in the first quarter. We anticipate our revenues on the hotel side to be up around 5%. As far as what is on the books, we feel very confident that we have a nice stability in all segments. And like I said, we continue to look at revenue growth. And a lot of that is  when we talk about revenue growth for us we are focused on cash revenue growth. And so, if you look at our first quarter, we were up $6 million in overall hotel revenue and all $6 million was in cash.
Steve Wynn: We concentrate on cash.
Harry Curtis: And any thoughts on 2017 forward bookings?
Maurice Wooden: Again, we look very healthy. We have strong forward bookings in our convention area, so we are really satisfied with where we are at right now.
Harry Curtis: That is very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Katz with Telsey Advisory Group.
David Katz: Good afternoon. If I can just follow up on Harry's question, because I was thinking along the same lines about what the gating factors are or could be. Is this  I don't mean to be too repetitive about it, but is this Somerville challenge, is that really the one gating factor to starting to spend some money and get in the ground?
Steve Wynn: Yes. In a word, yes.
David Katz: Okay, and if you could just give us an updated thought on when approximately it might open now that you've gotten us excited about it.
Steve Wynn: Suffolk Construction  John Fish brought his old management team for their quarterly retreat and he wanted them to see what Wynn was really like. So they had the retreat of all of his company in this hotel. They didn't even tell us they were coming, they paid retail here at the hotel. But we had a chance to talk to them and John has said 28 months of construction. So that is straight from the builder and he signed his name to it.
David Katz: And if I may just .
Steve Wynn: With liquid data damages.
David Katz: Understood. There are still some machinations about other casinos in the area and on that side of the state. Does any of that factor into your thinking or strategies about what you are doing?
Steve Wynn: No, as a matter of fact that one casino that is being built is being managed by the folks from Malaysia, from Genting. And I had coffee with K.T. Lin day before yesterday  yesterday actually, and it is very much like Macau. It is a different market share than we are in. This thing in Boston is pure Wynn. It is the Wynn Las Vegas in a new form moved to Massachusetts. So naturally it is going to appeal to a different kind of customer than the stuff that is up there now. And it was designed to do so. So I don't think it affects our expectation about revenue and the opportunity there if that is your question.
David Katz: That is my question. Thank you very much.
Steve Wynn: Sure.
Operator: Your last question comes from the line of Joseph Greff from JPMorgan.
Joseph Greff: Just one quick follow-up. Last month, Steve, the Board authorized an increased share repurchase authorization. Can you talk about how you are thinking about buybacks right now and actually why did you up the authorization?
Steve Wynn: Well, we never know what the Street is going to do with the funky trading. And we all feel that, both as individuals and as a Company, that we should be prepared to take advantage of real opportunity when it occurs. And my Board feels that way and so do I. So we just wanted to make sure that we are properly armed in case there was something strange that happened on Wall Street and the stock market dropped or our stock went to a level that we thought was grossly oversold we would jump on it. As long as the short players fool around for a buck or two that is fine. But when shorts  the exchanges really don't enforce the rules of make it shorts. So it is an unconscionable manipulation of the stock that occurs. They open up every morning and the high-frequency traders and the shorts have a ball selling shares and then value buyers step in in the afternoon and they cover the shorts. It is regular casino activity. The activity on the stock markets is in my view poorly regulated and irresponsibly policed, especially with regard to short sales. And when it gets out of hand we see a lot of shorts because of China. Because we are such a clear China play we probably had a bigger percentage wouldn't you say, Steve Cootey?
Steve Cootey: Yes, that is right.
Steve Wynn: Short interest in our shares.
Steve Cootey: 14 million shares as of
Steve Wynn: 14 million shares. And although I can't do nothing about it myself I take advantage of it when it gets out of line and buy shares. I mean it is fine when they drive the stock down for reasons that are irrelevant and completely disconnected from anything to do with our business operations. So the stock market has got more volatile, more stupid as a gambling game than ever before. And I look at it that way to be honest with you. I have very little respect for the integrity of the trading on the exchange in most stocks. And I have particular disdain for the fact that the SEC has failed to deal with high-frequency traders who are doing nothing more than taking advantage of inside information, a buy or a sell order, because of technology advantages. If you read Flash Boys it is all spelled out for you. And if I execute an order I will use the IX  I'll use Brad Katsuyama if I was buying something so that I couldn't be fronted by the high-frequency traders, but there is enough a lot of that going on. The other day I was watching the stock open up and it went up on share volumes of a few thousand shares. I mean every trade was a tick up. That is not the way it should operate in an honestly or intelligently run exchange, but that is the thing. All those guys sold their dark pools and their order flow and the positioning on the floors of the servers to the HFTs. And it has made a couple guys that I am friendly with very rich because they are high-frequency traders. But I don't respect the activity. And I am severely critical of it and don't mind saying so either.
Joseph Greff: Thank you.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time.
Steve Cootey: Okay thanks, everybody, for joining. We will talk next quarter.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q4  (2016-02-12 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Stephen Cootey - CFO, SVP and Treasurer Steve Wynn - Chairman and CEO Matt Maddox - President Ian Coughlan - President, Wynn Resorts, Macau S.A. Maurice Wooden - President, Wynn Las Vegas
Analysts: Joe Greff - JPMorgan Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank Steven Kent - Goldman Sachs Shaun Kelley - Bank of America Thomas Allen - Morgan Stanley Harry Curtis - Nomura Felicia Hendrix - Barclays David Katz - Telsey Advisory Group Adam Trivison - Gabelli & Co.
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Jennifer and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Wynn Resorts fourth quarter 2015 earnings call. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. And I would like to turn the conference over to Stephen Cootey, CFO of Wynn Resorts. Sir, you may begin.
Stephen Cootey: Good afternoon and welcome to the Wynn Resorts fourth quarter 2015 earnings call. Thank you and good afternoon. Joining the call on behalf of the company today are Steve Wynn, Matt Maddox, Maurice Wooden and myself here in Las Vegas. Also on the phone are the operational management teams from both our Las Vegas and Macau properties. Before we get started, I just want to remind everyone that we will be making forward-looking statements under the Safe Harbor federal securities law and those statements may or may not come true. And with that, I'm going to turn the call over to Mr. Wynn.
Steve Wynn: Well, we released the numbers a few weeks ago and so there is no real revelations to discuss. I think probably what is interesting is to say that January in Macau, if I can anticipate some of the questions, was our best month in a long time. Happy to say so. And Chinese New Year is in progress, but early in the week, a little too soon to say, the mass component clearly looks a little stronger than in the past. It is too soon to tell because the weekend is coming up with the VIPs. So that is pretty much the way we feel about China in terms of current first quarter numbers. With regard to Las Vegas, January was terrific and Super Bowl and February are off to a roaring start. And between that and President's weekend, Las Vegas is an apple pie shape up through the 15th which will be Monday. The question in Las Vegas will be how is the last 14 days. But as of now business is pretty good in the United States and holding its own in Macau. With regard to our project, we issued some statements, we are working with our contractor to get them to catch up so that we will have an opening in June. They believe they will make the June 25 date, which was the contract date of our relationship with our builder, and it is possible they could be late but hopefully they won't be. We are working very closely with them to try and catch up in any areas that need to be caught up. And our fancy hotel will be ready for public display later this year. Were going to start work in Boston, hard construction. We are doing remediation at the moment. We've come to happy terms with our neighbors in Boston. And that was a relief. And now we are going to proceed with constructing this wonderful destination resort in Boston metropolitan area in Everett, and benefit I hope people throughout the region, and have a very exciting hotel to boot. And with that, and reminding you that all of us are here to take your questions, we'll begin to do so.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Joe Greff with JPMorgan.
Joe Greff: Good afternoon, everybody. Steve, one topic that has been noteworthy of late, and not to be too personal or untoward, but Steve it's been noticeable, your open market share repurchases here and it is gotten a lot [Technical Difficulty]. I was hoping we could get an answer as to your interest in buying stock at these levels. Is it [Technical Difficulty] or is it that you are sensing on the fundamental side -- and obviously given your comments about Macau in January in Chinese New Year [Technical Difficulty]?
Steve Wynn: I lost a part of your sentence. What did he say, Matt?
Matt Maddox: He was asking about your open market purchases, what is your view?
Steve Wynn: Okay. My view is that I like Wynn Resorts especially because I think that management is great. But I like the stock, I like the stock a lot, and I bought it on what I thought was an extreme weakness in price. That's my own personal opinion. I don't give investment advice, nor do I have any -- there is no inside information in this company. We tell you everything including I just reported the first week and a half of February. I don't know anything that you don't know, Joe. But I like the company's long-term prospects. I like our latent assets in Nevada. I like our opportunity in Massachusetts. And I like the long-term prospects in China and beyond. So I like my company. And when its trading at low levels, Im always prepared, depending on my financial capacity, to buy the stock on weakness. I reserve the right to do that at any time and I may very well do so. I think I bought a few shares a few days ago, so that is just my mindset. And I can't be any more clear about it. I am subject to stepping in to the market and buying my own stock at any time that I have the -- if I have extra cash and I think that the stock is a good buy. And I certainly did and do at these levels. So off I go. Does that answer your question, Joe?
Joe Greff: Answers it perfectly. That is all for me. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Carlo Santarelli with Deutsche Bank.
Carlo Santarelli: Hey, thanks and good afternoon, everyone. If I could, Steve or anybody, for Macau that would be willing to answer it. As you guys contemplate a few things, and this might be a two-part question, but when you think about big picture China, potential currency devaluation, how do you kind of handicap that as to what it means for the Macau enterprise? And then if I could take a bigger picture question as it pertains to your -- the future post the opening of Cotai. Obviously, you will be in construction of Boston. But Steve, could you talk a little bit about other potential contemplated developments or uses of cash flow once Cotai is up and running?
Steve Wynn: Well, currently, weve got a project that is going to start in the spring right here in Las Vegas. We sold our Ferrari dealership to the Rolls-Royce dealer in town, Roger Penske and I. And reclaiming that valuable space we are moving poker over to Encore. And starting at the casino corner where the ticket counter is now for the showrooms, we are going to have retail and a new retail mall that goes through where Ferrari was and a two-story building with a beautiful glass roof, an atrium kind of structure, that has 75,000 feet of rentable space. And we expect that we will pick up somewhere between $20 million and $25 million in extra income and probably $0.30 worth of new payroll. I mean just a pickup in EBITDA because we had 300 or more feet on the strip right on the sidewalk in unused real estate that was very, very valuable. And, along with other real estate that we own in Las Vegas, represents an opportunity for future development that is quite unique. We -- I remind everybody that the golf course is 130 acres and we have 1,000 acre-feet of water in our own wells that were purchased with the Desert Inn Water Company in 2000. I look at that as an asset. And China and its complexity has made us refocus on some of the things that we have going for us that are already in our -- under our control. So all of that is the kind of thing that we can examine. As I told you, the strip real estate, I have already committed to a drawing and the project is underway, probably costs $70 million. And the interest on the money is -- if we borrow 100% of it or if we use our cash, our cost of money is less than 5%. And we pick up $20 million or $23 million in EBITDA just by plucking off something that we own for nothing. Weve got a lot of options like that here and that makes the company exciting. It is another reason why I like the stock. Because none of our assets are a secret, none of the opportunities that this company possesses are unknown to anybody, they are all sitting out there in plain view. And I don't mind discussing them when someone asks. But I'm certainly not going to ignore them. I think Boston is going to be the Everett Boston metropolitan area opportunity is enormous. And we can't wait to be there. It's the first time we've ever had a hotel that has nonstop service from every major capital in the world, Hainan Airlines and Cathay Pacific fly nonstop from Beijing, Hong Kong and Shanghai to Boston. So does every other world capital, nonstop to Boston. And we are 12 minutes from Logan Airport with our new hotel. So all of that sort of makes me feel confident and positive about our future prospects.
Carlo Santarelli: Great, Steve, thank you. And if I could, if anyone from Macau was on, I would love to understand a little bit about the experience with potentially the currency devaluation. And what maybe some of the team has heard from customers as to what it could ultimately mean down the road. And how maybe their circumstances, the impacts it would have on the business in their opinion, if any.
Steve Wynn: Well, first of all, I think Matt can comment on that or Steve Cootey.
Matt Maddox: Yes, sure, what I would say is the global currency wars are impossible to predict. Look at what the Fed is talking about interest rates now in the United States. So we look at how we hedge our risks with the debt that we borrow and the denominations of the debt, but there is really nothing we can do about countries trying to devalue their currency.
Steve Wynn: I think his question is, what impact will it have on our customers in their own Chinese domestic environment. Do you have an opinion about that, Ian?
Ian Coughlan: We haven't had any direct feedback from customers at this point, Steve. It doesn't seem to be troubling people. It is probably too early to call.
Steve Wynn: Yes. Like any devaluation, if you are buying domestic products, you don't feel it. If you are buying and you are trading internationally, you do feel it. If you are an exporter and a businessman in China and you are one of our customers, and they are, then devaluing the currency increases your ability to sell your products outside China. So a devaluation, which is of course a methodology of supporting the economy, tends to make our customers have more liquidity. And when we talk about devaluation, QE 1, 2 and 3 took the US dollar down by 18% or 20%. So you can judge what a devalued currency impact has on people by taking a look at what happened right here in the United States where we did precisely that with our federal reserve interventions in QE 1, 2 and 3.
Carlo Santarelli : That's helpful. Thank you all very much.
Operator: And our next question comes from Steven Kent with Goldman Sachs.
Steven Kent: Hi. A couple of questions. First, there is definitely a narrative that seems to be gaining traction that Macau is bottoming out. Broadly Id love to know if any of you agree with that. And what numbers do you think we can look at that are away from gaming that would suggest that that is bottoming out? And what I mean by that is economic factors or anything along those lines or visitation or anything that we can look at that would suggest that. And then one other thing just because I didn't completely understand it. Can you just walk us through the $33.8 million decrease in fair value of the redemption note, which resulted in net income attributable to Wynn Resorts of around $22 million? That should have been recorded in September 30. I don't -- I'm not sure I have ever seen that before. I'm not sure what happened there or what that means.
Stephen Cootey: Sure, so where do we want to start? 
Steve Wynn: Do you want to start with the first part of the question or the second part?
Matt Maddox: I will start with  I can  its Matt Maddox, I am here with Steve Cootey, we can cover the accounting issue on the note, the redemption note. What happens is, Steve, that is like banks have to do, it is fair value accounting. So you have to go through and look at the yields on your debt and then apply those yields to that parent company $1.9 billion 2% note. And because high yields gapped out what that meant is that 2% note in theory should have had a higher yield. So you have to reduce the value of the note on the balance sheet and that increases profits through the income statement only to come back around later. And it is non-cash fair value accounting. And in fact, the FASB is already looking at changing that starting next year. And Bank of America is implementing it where it will run through the balance sheet only because it is destroying financial institutions' income statements.
Steven Kent: Okay.
Steve Wynn: Does that clarify that?
Steven Kent: Yes, thanks. So then let's talk -- bottoming out maybe will be -- that I understand better.
Steve Wynn: Yes, how about the bottoming out part, Matt?
Matt Maddox: Well, Steve --.
Steve Wynn: Non-casino stuff, do you see any non-casino economic information that would give us a statement, a clear economic view of the Macau market, or China for that matter? Did I repeat your question properly?
Steven Kent: Yes you did, Steve.
Steve Wynn: Okay, good. So take a crack at it, Maddox. I don't have any idea how to answer that question.
Matt Maddox: Well, we've focused on our retail volumes and we are noticing that some of our retailers are starting to stabilize a little bit more compared to last year and the previous quarters. Our hotel occupancies are remaining about the same as they have been and we are seeing some pick up there. And then, Steve, you track all the visitation just like we do from each region. And the visitation also feels like it is stabilizing. So, all the China macro data is confusing for the moment, but what we see in our building and visitation to Macau feels like it has been stabilizing since November. And I think you'd hear that from all the operators.
Steven Kent: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robin Farley with UBS.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, thank you very much. It is actually Arpino [ph] for Robin. Could you comment at all on the health of the junket system in terms of what you saw through Chinese New Year? What did you guys see that has changed versus let's say a couple months ago? Any color on further consolidation?
Steve Wynn: We see junket operators going retracting. We have less than we had -- we were at 14 at one point, I think we are down to 8 or 9 now and probably heading for 4 or 5 before we are done. The strong ones with liquidity and balance sheets are doing good business, but the ones that were newer or less firmly capitalized, they seem to be having trouble staying in business. And that is pretty much the story I think around town. The ones that we have, we check up on regularly and they are fine, but there is fewer of them.
Unidentified Analyst: Right.
Steve Wynn: When they show any weakness we cease relationships with them, and we have done that with five of them already.
Unidentified Analyst: And just one real quick question. As you prepare to open Wynn Palace on Cotai, what are some of the return metrics internally that you are looking to meet? Any color on those expectations? What would meet your near-term EBITDA hurdle on a run rate basis? In other words, has anything changed post-Chinese New Year or what you were looking at sort of internally versus now?
Steve Wynn: Well, we are not post-Chinese New Year yet. As a matter fact, we haven't really seen Chinese New Year in full bloom until this weekend. 
Unidentified Analyst: Right.
Steve Wynn: Okay, just I know that doesn't necessarily impact your question, but -- or our answer for that matter. Matt, do you want to take a shot at that?
Matt Maddox: I don't think anything that has happened in the last few weeks has changed our outlook on Palace. We still believe that it is going to be a market share taker out at Cotai and predicting the Macau market has been hard. All we are saying is the market feels stable right now and we are confident in our product. We don't put out EBITDA projections for new projects.
Unidentified Analyst: Right, I was more asking about how those expectations have changed just internally versus a couple months ago.
Steve Wynn: They haven't.
Matt Maddox: They haven't.
Steve Wynn: They haven't to answer you, now I understand your question. I can answer that. Our expectations haven't changed. The assumptions we have made in the business plan remain the same. Remember, when we got to the point of doing those assumptions, changes already occurred in the marketplace. So we haven't made any changes recently to our assessment.
Unidentified Analyst: Great, thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Shaun Kelley with Bank of America.
Shaun Kelley: Hi, good afternoon everyone. Steve, I just wanted to ask about in your prepared remarks you mentioned a little bit about the filing that you had with the contractor for Cotai. Just given how important the project is to kind of the next phase here for the company, can you just give us a little bit more color on if that were to slip or move at all any -- kind of any potential on the magnitude? Is it down to relatively small kind of differences at this point? And just any more color on what could move around on that would probably be helpful.
Steve Wynn: Well, it is nothing more complicated than they got a little bit behind. And they have a plan on catching up. We are working very closely with them and there is a very good chance that they will. And even if they don't it will be close. So that is pretty much the way we see it now. That is a description of where we stand. Now, in the trenches the work is feverish, there are 9,500 people on the job. And everybody has got their chins down and are paying attention. It is a very, very ambitious extravagant product. I have talked about it over a period of a year or two to all of you in these conference calls. We aimed very high. And that has put pressure on the finishes of the building. Of course, it's a fancy place to say the least. And all of the subs are working to do their best job and they will get there, they will get there give or take a few weeks I think they will be fine. There is not much more you can say about it than that. I mean when they told me they were going to finish early in September they gave us a written notice that they were going to achieve the early completion bonus of $38 million. And so, we shared that with you because they notified us in writing. And then when they told us that that was doubtful because we had shared it with the public, we thought it was incumbent upon us to also share with the public that there wasn't going to be an early bonus or an early completion. But I want to remind everybody that the original contract was for June 25 that we would complete this project in the first half of 2016. And hopefully that date will stand or right close to it. And that is where we are at the moment.
Shaun Kelley: That is helpful. And maybe just one follow up would be -- you started to get into sort of your staffing levels and plans for the property for the actual casino level employees. Should we be sort of expecting that that starts to move over and see some cost savings at the kind of Wynn Macau property level sometime in early second-quarter, is that probably appropriate given the timeline that you have laid out?
Steve Wynn: There is a really good question and it goes to the heart of my instructions. Usually the way it has worked in the past, we have two critical paths, one is that of the completion, the construction and the finishing of the building and the other one is the critical path that is the spooling up and the hiring and training of the full staff of thousands of people to run the place. And under ideal conditions those two critical paths move in exactly parallel and coterminous step. They meet at the exact same point on the opening day. When the construction gets behind, in and of itself that is not a big deal. I mean, so the building is a few weeks late. But what is important is that you don't go and hire a whole bunch of people that are sitting -- getting paid and twiddling their thumbs. That is very, very damaging financially. So what I did with Matthew when we were there a couple months ago, I have changed the order of March. And I said I want our landmark dates on turnover of the building to occur before we do the hiring if possible. In other words, let's make sure that our critical path of hiring doesn't get ahead of the critical path of the building. Then the impact of being a few weeks late is not so -- is not quite as serious as it might have been if we went to full staff. So that is where that stands and I am happy to say that we are in equilibrium at the moment.
Shaun Kelley: Great, thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question is from Thomas Allen with Morgan Stanley.
Thomas Allen: Hey, how are you? So, Steve, in your prepared remarks you said that Las Vegas was an apple pie shape. And if you think about it from where we sit, it seems like the economy is anything, but an apple pie shape. So why do you think there is that disconnect and do think it can realistically continue and, if it can, for how long? Thank you.
Steve Wynn: Well, we are holding high and we have got this very privileged kind of patronage. It is one of the advantages -- there are advantages and disadvantages of having a high end super quality resort. For example, your average customer tends to be a little wealthier, a little better able to afford more expensive food and wine and hotel rates. On the other hand, if you are the place of choice for baccarat for international visitors, anything that interferes with that tends to work against you because we had more baccarat business than anybody else in Las Vegas. So when baccarat is affected from China we are the ones that get the biggest impact. On the other hand, there is still a lot of good customers around. And from what we can see we are still the one of the places of first choice, if not the place of first choice. And we do everything we can to keep it that way, of course. And since New Year's it is working as it was designed to work. We've got better room rates and our casino is profitable. Our margins in the casino, even though sometimes our drop or our handle is off.  We tend to be very fastidious about having all of our games be profitable. We don't pay so much attention to the top line as we do to the bottom line. So when we evaluate the casino, we don't evaluate the handle or the Wynn, we evaluate the contribution to EBITDA of our games. And we try to maximize every foot of the casino with one metric in mind, contribution of EBITDA per foot. Well, that sort of thing comes home after a while and we get the benefits of it and we see it now. That is what I said the place was in good shape, I am happy with the performance. And our turnout for New Year's, for Christmas/New Year's, January with the conventions, that's another thing. When there is a big citywide convention and corporate leaders and high paid people come to the conventions they want to stay here. And their propensity to gamble is higher as is their desire to eat in better restaurants and shop in better stores, so forth and so on. So I am happy with the way Wynn Las Vegas is performing. And that is what I meant when I said it is an apple pie shape, that is an old-fashioned expression. Did I answer your question?
Thomas Allen: You did. I mean I guess just following up, if we are going into a recession, how do you think Vegas can hold up? Obviously you have a lot less supply growth this time than we did in 08 and 09? And then as a follow-up also, you did mention you are exposed more to more of that high-end baccarat play. Have we seen any signs that that stabilized in Vegas over the past few months? Thank you.
Steve Wynn: Well, Chinese New Year will certainly be interesting and it is not  we are just starting it. We are three days into a seven or eight day event. I would say baccarat business is off in Las Vegas unquestionably. Is it going to get worse or is it stabilized? I don't know, too soon for me to answer that question. But if there is a recession in America, and it is hard to see why there won't be if we keep going the way we are, then Las Vegas will ultimately reflect whatever is going on in the rest of the United States. It always has. There's sometimes been a delay if conventions are booked and things like that, but at the end we always seem to be just like anybody else, part of America and a big reflection of it. So I don't want you to construe my remarks about a healthy January and a promising February to mean that we're running counter to anything else you're seeing. We're just lucky, that's all. Just luck, we're holding high. I don't want to make too much of it.
Thomas Allen: Very helpful, thanks, Steve.
Operator: Our next question come from Harry Curtis with Nomura.
Harry Curtis: Hi, good afternoon. I did have a follow-up to Thomas' last question. Do you have any visibility into the second half of the year for Vegas? I mean if we don't go into recession whats on the books that gives you some confidence that you will see some continued pricing power?
Steve Wynn: The perfect guy to answer that question is sitting next to me, Maurice Wooden, who runs America for us. He is the boss man of Las Vegas and for that matter Wynn America that is where we tucked in Boston. Bob DeSalvio is not on the call, but he is working on construction. Maurice, do you want to come over here and deal with that?
Maurice Wooden: Sure. I mean when we are looking forward into the second quarter, I think we see very stable, very confident business on the books that we believe that for the next quarter will be in good shape, consistent with where we are today with the first quarter. When we look at Las Vegas, the question was asked about baccarat play and others, and I think again it is just too early to tell about the gaming side of it. But on the non-gaming we are very focused on cash contribution and we figured out different ways to make sure that we make up any shortfalls in the casino with looking at other parts of our business, so we believe that we can get that cash contribution.
Harry Curtis: My question was really focused on the second half. Can you share any data points that give you some confidence as to how that looks?
Maurice Wooden: Sure. And again, looking at second quarter or the second half it is the very same answer I would give you is that we look at our books and we see what is on the books and we are very comfortable and confident that we have a healthy base of business in the second half of the year.
Harry Curtis: Okay, great. Steve, I wanted to switch gears going back to the Palace, because it was originally designed for the premium players. And while there may be still some of those left by the time you open, the question I have is, how have you changed or are you changing your marketing several months before it opens given the focus on more of the -- less of a premium player?
Steve Wynn: Well, I am not sure that the premise of your question is one that I want to accept on the face of it. I am not sure that our marketing strategy should change one spec. We may not have 12 junket operators in 14, we may have four or five, but there are no shortage of wealthy gamblers in China. And there are no shortage of premium mass players in China. And our building was -- we made an adjustment to allow for some of the junket areas to be premium mass and stuff like that. We made modest adjustments in the facility presentation and the furniture, so to speak. But look, there used to be this avalanche of revenue for all these casinos and all these junket operators in Macau. So now there are fewer of them. So where are they going to gamble? I mean, they are going to go to the place that somehow meets all of their expectations. We designed a place to be that. So I think that considering how many casinos there are in America and in Las Vegas and we get more than our share of the business, to worry about whether you are going to get a proper share in Macau is really a waste of time. The answer is positively, yes. We will be able to fill our casino with the most selective customers available in the market, I am sure of that. And we will have a demonstration of that shortly this summer. But let's not think that all VIP players have disappeared because that is simply not the way it works. They have been lessened in number, but there's still a lot of them around.
Harry Curtis: But, Steve, where I was going with this is that we have seen in the last 12 months two casinos open, visitation has not increased. And what I am really interested in is how you plan on reaching deeper into China to increase your odds of having 100% occupancy more times than not. Are you going to be expanding the number of marketing offices, just how are you going to do it?
Steve Wynn: Well, we are not allowed to promote with our offices in China. We can advertise very limited ways about rooms. But they are very, very careful about that. And I am not sure that a place like Wynn Palace lends itself to mass marketing techniques. Places like the kind we operate, 99% of the marketing is word-of-mouth. The people that would come and stay in Macau, as large as that country is, the percentage of the population that comes to Macau is relatively small compared to the total size of the country. And that group that comes to Macau, they know everything about every hotel. They go to the one they can afford or they go to the one they think is best depending on their income status. So what happens is within 60 or 90 days of when Wynn Palace opens up an enormous percentage of that market will -- the people who attend that market will know all about it. And word-of-mouth will take place the first 12 months that place is open and it will establish itself as Wynn in the Peninsula did as the nicest place to stay. And we never advertised at the Peninsula, in the first Wynn Macau, nor did we advertise in Encore. And we filled those 1,000 rooms and we could have filled 2,000 of them. And we got 1,700 new rooms. And I'm not sure what we would gain if we could advertise in every place. But you can be sure that any wealthy guy that is in Beijing, Shanghai, Fuji and Guangzhou or Dalian, whoever goes to Macau, they know all about us already. That is one of the good things about the gaming type of visitor, they are very, very -- everybody knew about Caesars Palace and Bellagio and Mirage within a few months of when they opened. And so commercial advertising and traditional marketing isn't quite as important when you open up really grand destination hotels. Everybody writes about them and talks about them. So that is not actually one of the problems that I am trying to solve at the moment.
Harry Curtis: All right, just as one housekeeping item and then I will be done. Can you give us some estimated date on when you think that Everett might open?
Steve Wynn: Yes. We start in April and May as we expected to do. What are we thinking, about 28 months?
Matt Maddox: 30.
Steve Wynn: 30 months. 30 months from April.
Harry Curtis: Okay, perfect. Thanks a lot.
Steve Wynn: So that is April 16, April 17, April 18, late fall 18, before 19.
Harry Curtis: All right, thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Felicia Hendrix with Barclays.
Felicia Hendrix: Hi, good afternoon. Thank you. So, Steve, last quarter you expressed your frustration with planning for an opening at Wynn Palace without knowing how many tables you have and so forth. If I may use the word Zen, you sound more Zen about things today. Just wondering if something has changed now, maybe you have more information regarding the size of the casino, maybe we have run scenario analysis that made you more comfortable. If just you could touch on that.
Steve Wynn: I am more comfortable. Zen was a good word. I am more comfortable. I am feeling good about it. I am convinced that the government of Macau is doing everything in their power to make sure that the citizens of Macau and the employees who are citizens are protected and safe to the extent that they are able to contribute to that process. So that is to say the government of Macau is on the side of the development of Macau and the healthy continuation of the industry. And I think all of us have managed to work our way through some of the complexities and ramifications of that process. And so I am  I have spent a lot of time there in the last few months and I am feeling better about it.
Felicia Hendrix: Have they given you some kind of comfort level with the number of tables that you would get or is it more of a general comfort?
Steve Wynn: Well, we don't have a specific allocation of tables. I have a general confidence that the government wants the operators to be successful and they want these new hotels to take their place as very vibrant successful destination, multi-faceted, diverse tourist attractions that they are in fact designed to be. I am confident that the government wants these places to get off on the right foot. And I think that the government will do what they have to do to see that that happens. And that is the basis of my confidence. I have confidence in the government's ability to take care of the problems that are associated with growth in the market. I think that is probably the best way to express it.
Felicia Hendrix: Okay, that is very fair. And if I may, I have a  my second question is a bigger picture question. And, Steve, when you add most of your peers talk about Macau and its future, everyone is optimistic about the future growth of Macau. Last quarter you said that your long-term confidence was strong and you said it again on this call. And I am just wondering, given where we stand now or in the midst of a market transition from VIP to mass, there is uncertainty, we talked about some government policies. You are feeling more comfortable now, but there are government policies that have inhibited growth. Just wondering, can you discuss what drives that longer-term optimism? And what do you think the inflection point is? Is it a period of time? Is it an event? Is it a political change? What is driving that optimism longer-term?
Steve Wynn: That's a very intelligent question. Good for you. It is just the size of the country, the priority that the central government has put on the success of both SARs, both AT special administrative regions, both Hong Kong and Macau. The dynamism of that country is overwhelming. And remember that the Communist Party is a meritocracy in China. And although one leader may be a bit more conservative than his predecessor or a bit more liberal, generally speaking they want a successful life for the citizens of China and for the people in Hong Kong and Macau. The personalities of those cities are highly developed and not under discussion anymore. Macau is the destination resort place along with Henson Island. And Hong Kong is a financial center. There is no argument in the higher echelons of government of Peoples Republic of China on what role those cities play in the overall scheme of things in China. And so, consistent with what I said a moment ago that the government seeks to make the country successful, I am positive that they will. That doesn't mean that in the short term the enormity of problems they face is directly proportional to the enormity of the country. Its four times the size of the United States. And imagine the problems we have and the complexity that our government faces with 350 million or 330 million people. How would you like to add 1 billion to that without the kind of infrastructure we have got. I mean managing China is a daunting task and they got a smart people doing it. And where theyve come, you draw your confidence in the future from a careful study of the past. Starting with Deng Xiaoping in 1979 when he said if it is a black cat or a white cat, it doesn't make any difference to me, as long as it catches mice it is a good cat. The government of Macau of China has been empirical and pragmatic and has brought hundreds of millions of people out of poverty, a feat unequaled in the history of civilization in any country. Obviously somebody is doing something wrong -- doing something right, rather. They are tapping into the latent energy of that population. Why would we consider that that would not continue? And when it comes to recreation, Macau is the place of choice. That big picture kind of common sense based upon history is the basis that is -- so when you ask where is inflexion point, I don't know that. But when you ask me why do I think the long-term prospects in Macau are incredibly positive, thats my answer. I love being part of the Chinese scene as a businessman. That doesn't mean that there aren't short-term discomfort and adjustments. But hell, what kind of adjustments do we have to make in the United States considering whats going on? It is just as tricky here as it is there. Did I help you with that answer? You made an intelligent question; I don't know if I gave an intelligent answer.
Felicia Hendrix: No, that was very helpful, I appreciate it. Thank you so much.
Operator: Our next question is from David Katz with Telsey Advisory Group.
David Katz: This may be considered as a follow-up on Harry's question, but I think there is probably little argument about the quality of buildings that you develop and the execution that you've demonstrated over the years. But as we look at the Macau market -- and I hate to be too short-term about it, but looking at this year and perhaps next, there are, in addition to fewer VIP junkets as you describe, and still a lot of patrons but fewer of them, there are also a number of other properties and hotels competing for them. And if I can just ask what I dont know other than doing what you always do, what differences to your strategies are you contemplating, in whatever terms youre comfortable sharing them to deal with that elevated competition in what can only be described as a compressed demand environment at the moment?
Steve Wynn: Well said, compressed demand. And you are spot on. If I had some new technique or marketing device up my sleeve --.
David Katz: You shouldn't tell us.
Steve Wynn: I shouldn't tell you. But if I don't have one I think it is only honest to tell you that I don't. But I have an answer, however satisfying or unsatisfying it may be. If you set out to take a resort hotel to another level, and when you say another level, superior level. And you sort by so doing you would give yourself a competitive advantage almost as if you had a trick up your sleeve. Then I will tell you what you would have to do to get to that point. And if we have got a trick up our sleeve here it is and I'm going to confess. The way you make a hotel go to another level is you start with every single minute element of it. And as you construct the plan for the building and the design and the human resource engineering you revisit every single assumption once again from day one using all of your experience and asking how could we make each individual component better. And if you did that from the bottom up starting with the back of the house, the doorway, the lighting, the hallway width, the training of the employees, the compensation of the employees, the way you cook their food, the way you clean the floor -- everything. What its like when youre laying in the bed, what do you see when youre in this room or that room type. If you had the patience and the experience to take that journey, which would take you at least two years before you could bid the building, then you would have traveled our path in the creation of Wynn Palace. And that is what we did, that is how we are doing it and if we are right it will work and if not boo-boo. Does that answer your question?
David Katz: Very well. Good luck. Thank you very much.
Steve Wynn: We're going to do what we have always done. We are going to keep trying to make it better in every way. And that, look, the customers aren't going to change. There are people who come to Las Vegas and Macau to live big and have fun. And whoever gives them that product consistently and fully wins the race to the top, I guess is the way to put it, or ends up in first position. Now that doesn't mean that we are going to be bigger than anybody else, it will mean that our hotel will be successful. And we will have a proper return on its investment and that sort of thing. And we will have a loyal and growing clientele. Now we took the long way home at the Peninsula, we weren't the first to open in Macau; we just made the most money when we built the place downtown and that is Wynn Macau now. So I don't see any reason to change our strategy. It is not broke. We don't need to fix it. And in the hospitality business, whether you are in Boston, Macau, Las Vegas or anywhere else, the rules aren't going to change. We know who our customers are, we know what they want. And we're going to try and figure out a better way to give it to them. Thats my ace in the hole. That is my secret.
David Katz: Thank you, I appreciate it.
Steve Wynn: Which I just blabbed out, so now everybody knows.
David Katz: Thank you very much.
Steve Wynn: Funny thing is they haven't copied it in the past.
Operator: Your next question comes from Adam Trivison with Gabelli & Company.
Adam Trivison: With reference to Macau, can you tell us how you are thinking about the positioning of the Peninsula property once Wynn Palace is up and running and more traffic shifts to Cotai?
Steve Wynn: We are going to run it exactly the way we are now. There is a market for downtown or the Peninsula that seems to have a personality and life of its own. We were examining that when I was in China a week ago. We were looking at what were the changes in some of our competitors once they opened up in Macau -- in Cotai. Specifically we were looking at the Galaxy people. They have that place right next door to us. And its interesting, there is a clientele downtown -- down in the Peninsula and there's a clientele at Cotai. The Cotai clientele is different, it is more mass oriented. Have you noticed? You know with the people coming across the border. Ian, Gamal, what do you think the difference is between downtown and Cotai? And what do you think is going to happen in -- you envision any changes in the Peninsula when Gamal opens the Palace?
Ian Coughlan: Every new joint thats opened in Cotai has been allegedly the death of downtown and it hasn't happened. So we continue to drive down here. We have history, the history of Macau, old Macau, weve got the Lisboa, the Grand Lisboa which is somewhere where everybody visits when they come to Macau. The geography is very different and the scale of the resort is completely different. We run the best joint and its ten years old. You continue to reinvest in the property. It looks like it is brand-new and we have got a very strong loyal customer base and it is going to complement Wynn Palace.
Adam Trivison: Okay, great. Thank you very much.
Steve Wynn: Only an Irishman would call a $1.5 billion hotel a joint. See how relaxed everybody is in this Company?
Ian Coughlan: I learned that from you.
Steve Wynn: I know.
Operator: Our next question comes from  Im sorry, we did have another question in queue and they have removed themselves from queue and we have no other questions at this time.
Steve Wynn : Thank you. Everybody else, talk to you next time. See you.
Operator: Thank you for your participation. This does conclude today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-10-15 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Steve Cootey - Chief Financial Officer Steve Wynn - Chairman and CEO Matt Maddox - President Gamal Aziz - President, Wynn Macau, Limited Ian Coughlan - President, Wynn Resorts (Macau), S.A. Maurice Wooden - President, Wynn Las Vegas, LLC
Analysts: Joe Greff - JP Morgan Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank Shaun Kelley - Bank of America Harry Curtis - Nomura Mark Savino - Morgan Stanley Kenneth Fong - Credit Suisse
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for joining us today for the Third Quarter 2015 Earnings Call. Throughout the presentation, all participants will be in a listen-only mode. Afterwards, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Its now my pleasure to hand our program over to Steve Cootey, Chief Financial Officer. Please go ahead.
Steve Cootey: Thank you, and good afternoon. Joining the call on behalf of the company today are Steve Wynn, Matt Maddox, Kim Sinatra and myself here in Las Vegas. Also on the phone are the operational management teams from both our Las Vegas and Macau properties. Before we get started, I just wanted to remind everyone that we will be making forward-looking statements under Safe Harbor Federal Securities law and those statements may or may not come true. And with that, Ill turn the call over to Mr. Wynn.
Steve Wynn: I think the numbers speak for themselves; general comment covering both Las Vegas and Macau is this. We dont see any major change or new development in Macau concerning our existing operations other than all of the comments weve made in the past about the confusion, the ambiguity about what we face in terms of tables in the upcoming months as we were about 170 days before the opening of the Palace which is the most significant event in the companys near future. And based upon whats happened to Galaxy and what we expect to happen at the Studio City which is just today on how many tables they are going to have in the last two days, few weeks before they are open. The confusion and the rather mystical policies that are governing the assignment of equipment in these new hotels which are tremendous diversifications away from pure gaming into all other forms of non-gaming, the confusion about the tables and the governments position in this regard has made it very difficult to plan for employees and other aspects of the facility. I mentioned this early in the conversation because its become a major issue in Macau as to the impact of government policy on and planning for employment, promotions, hiring and compensation. None of us are really clear on what our environment is going to be like going forward. And it makes planning and adjusting almost a mystical process. And this is the I think probably the major topic of conversation in executive conference rooms as people try and resolve their planning on human resources in the Macau market. Our construction of our hotel now is on schedule which is scheduled for March 25th opening. And the results of the last quarter were consistent with the things weve seen in previous quarters and that is almost approximately half a business of VIP has gone and maybe shrinking has caused us to review our credit policies and our attitudes towards junket operators and some of them have gone out of business. And I think others will indeed go out of business which means you have to focus very intensely on the policies that you employ with regard to the credit that the junket people in terms of the chips that are advanced to them. Our mass business is sort of flat and I think thats a general description of it. And that explains the earnings in Macau. Now in Las Vegas, we are in this market, the principal beneficiary of international business and we have been since we opened in 2005. So, if a segment of the international market is impacted for extraneous reasons or external reasons like a change in government policy or whatever in China, then we would be the principal victims or we would suffer the most and thats exactly what happened. Any change in our earnings in Las Vegas is strictly a reflection of a drop in Asian baccarat business. The rest of the segments in our Las Vegas business are pretty good. Room revenue and stuff like that is healthy. Our convention business is healthy; our food and beverage business is healthy. And were very satisfied with Las Vegas. And if anything, the problems in China are causing us to refocus our energies here in America even more intensely. Were happy that were moving forward in Massachusetts, in spite of the friction created by the mayor and the administration in Boston which for some reason is unwilling to except the decision of the Casino Control Commission gracefully and keeps trying to use various tactics to say that we are in Boston not in Everett. It may sound laughable at this point and in a perverse way it is a comedy but it did cause us delays but happily theyre pretty much behind us now. And were underway with remediation and were looking for to groundbreaking in a few months. And the Massachusetts project which we think is a very exciting thing will be on its way and hopefully open in 2018. Ill leave the rest of any general remarks before we take questions to Matt or Ian or Gamal or Steve or Maurice anybody on the call who would like to expand or alter what Ive just said. And there are people on this call that have a tighter feeling. Ive been very much involved with design in the last several months. So if any of the operating executives want to close in on this, please feel free to do so. Gamal, do you have anything to add? Ian? Either one?
Gamal Aziz: Steve, you have articulated it very well. Its still a guessing game when it comes to the number of tables and the number of employees, the quotas for the employees. And there is a reluctance, if there are any good news which have been rumor, theyre just that and there is a reluctance to actually come out and indicate to the companies that are working here that they are and deliberately easing some of the restrictions they have been placing on us. So, were hoping for the best and we hope will be treated fairly. But as you said, the property is looking great and our opening date is March 25th and were very hopeful.
Steve Wynn: The question is will we -- will our property be overwhelming enough to kick that market into a different place? Its hard to say. I have no idea how many tables were going to have. The notion that a person who spent $2.5 billion, Im talking about Melco now, would not know how many tables are going to have three weeks before they open is preposterous. Its worthy of comment. And how in the world do we underwrite the job security of the local workforce in Macau, keep the promise of promotions and better opportunity under these circumstances? Im at a loss to answer that question. And as we go forward in the planning of Wynn Palace, we are hopeful that well be able to press the issue and get stronger, more clarity -- stronger and much more clarity from the leadership of the local government.
Steve Cootey: I think we should open it up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Steven Kent with Goldman Sachs. 
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, this is actually Rebecca Stone [ph] from Steven Kents team on for Steve. I was wondering if you could talk a little bit more about Las Vegas. I did notice that food and beverage is doing well. You spoke Steve to some of these things doing better to maybe offset some of the lack of international businesses. Is this something that you would be looking to adjust further in Las Vegas to appeal to more of these types of customers? Thank you.
Steve Wynn: Yes, maam. Weve done a whole bunch of things task. We always adjust. I mean were professionals I would describe this as such. And we run the business in uptimes and downtimes and we adjust to the situations. And we made a whole bunch of changes in the casino, both physically and procedurally, weve even fooled [ph] with the rules of the game, spent 50 years since Las Vegas increased the price of gaming; were way overdo considering the cost of running games and payroll. Weve adjusted our yield rate management approach, Maurice Wooden is here and he is very good at that in the whole American operation. Weve made a host of adjustments. We were off in one month by -- from a 100 million buck [ph] or out of 45 million were off 55 million buck up, it was the same amount of money because of all the adjustments we made. And they go across the board throughout the hotel. And the way we price the hotel, restaurants, and entertainment, and gaming, we dont sit by and allow ourselves become victims of anything, of any aspect of our operation over which we have any control. So, my long-term view of our operations in America and in China is still positive. Its the short-term thats bouldering and its blithering enough to complain about it. But as far as adjusting here in China, its a constant process. I was in China last week and I kept my people up until 2 in the morning on the subject of VIP. And then we reconvened at 8 am again and went for another six hours. I think altogether, we spent 15 hours, the most intense kind of a consultation with every smart person we had that dealt with these subjects. So adjusting is what we do. And I mean the description of those -- detail description of those adjustments could go on for half hour. But know that we are doing it and we are doing it successfully.
Operator: Our next question comes from Joe Greff with JP Morgan.
Joe Greff: Earlier this month, it is reported in the local Macau media that the Director delays to Macau and mainland China that the central government is going to help support Macaus economy. And these comments followed similar statements from Macaus Chief Executive last month. I think no real specifics were given. So my question to you Steve is this: How do you interpret these comments; what specific measures can or will be introduced based on your dealings with those sets of government officials or do you think these statements were more generic and/or meant to send the signals to turn mainland Chinese, so maybe for the lack of better words, know but [ph] that go into Macau? And then I have a follow-up.
Steve Wynn: Who knows; I mean these facilities are enormously diversified non-gaming buildings but they depend on their survival; their payroll. Their operational viability depends on the gaming equipment that was always part of the whole construct. Here in America, we would never have a Las Vegas of the diversity weve had, if the city had told us how many tables we could spread. The table cap is the single most counterintuitive and irrational decision that was ever made. Here we are spending billions of dollars creating non-gaming facilities and then arbitrarily so much as well you should only have this many tables. No jurisdiction ever has imposed such -- that kind of logic on us. And what its done is turned our human resource planning inside out and upside down. And you could tell by the tone of my voice, the extent of my frustration on this point; my frustration on behalf of our colleagues that Melco, who made commitments for 400 tables. Why on earth they have to deal with half as many is beyond my -- anything that I can understand in a 45 years of experience Ive had. It isnt good for Macau; its not good for the citizens of Macau; its not good for the tens of thousands of employees of Macau who are looking forward to promotions and raises and all kinds of benefits that accrue because of the viability of these resorts. We build tens of thousands of rooms and restaurants and attractions, but we said youre not allowed to gamble because you cant have the tables, but thats one of the reasons they come to Macau. If you wanted to undermine and scuttle the viability of that industry, you put in table caps. And you could tell I am a tremendous critic of that decision because I dont understand it in terms of anything in my 45 years of experience that explains it. And to see the predicament the local people find themselves in because they made covenant, agreements, is dazzling to me. And Ive complaint to the government about this and tried to understand what the rationale was for this thinking. And Ive never gotten a reasonable answer. And hopefully, hopefully the desire that you mentioned, statements by the central government or by the local government to support this industry and mainly support the people that work in that industry that are the whole interior, all of the young people and the families of Macau that have become part of the hospitality industry, a huge amount of them are people that are related directly or indirectly to casinos. And what were getting now is unemployment. I mean the junket operators at the beginning of it because they employed all kinds of people from Macau, but forgetting the junket operators, what about the rank and file dealers in the mass casino, cater to the tourist, what happens to their jobs, what happens to their promotions? I dont know whether the local governments been intimidated by the unions because or something but the unions are going to end up acting up about this subject before its over and we as operators going to have to stand there on the side lines bewilders at the position that the industry finds itself in. In my 45 years of experience, Ive never seen anything like this before. And hopefully, hopefully, the leadership of the community will intervene and correct this aberration that threatens the employment security of the citizens of Macau and thereby also relieving the predicaments that people like the Lloyd family, Galaxy experienced with the billions of dollars they spent and Lawrence Ho and Jamie Packers company Melco. But these are problems that when you say that there has been the government has made general statements about supporting us or supporting the people of Macau, I think its time for them to put their actions where the rhetoric is but the rhetoric wont solve the problem.
Joe Greff: And then I have a second question. When do you start to migrate employees from your current Macau operation to Cotai, how many employees you see shifting in this quarter, how many in the 1Q and I guess overall how much of fixed OpEx shifting is there going from the Peninsula to Cotai? And thats all for me. Thank you.
Steve Wynn: Ian and Gamal, you deal with it.
Gamal Aziz: We have approximately 2,000 people; that all depends on people that want to transfer from Wynn Macau to Wynn Palace. But quite honestly, well be able to tell more, once we know how many tables were going to have. As we said earlier, the tremendous amount of ambiguity and there is no clarity as to how many and the timing is going to be about the first quarter, so we can get them acclimated to the new property. But we dont have an exact number; we have a range that we know the number of employees that have requested a transfer, which would be upstanding for Wynn Palace to get that culture transferred but the exact number well know as soon as we know how many tables well get at Wynn Palace.
Steve Wynn: Gamal, I want to interrupt you for a minute. I mentioned earlier that the people at Studio City found out a few weeks before opening what the story is about their tables. Now, Macau is proud of the five-star status, the legitimate five-star status of Wynn Macau. It was hard to train people to get to that level of service but its been a source of pride for the community and for the employees themselves. We cannot train people and maintain service levels in the non-casino and casino areas, when we dont have the time to train our people. So the notion of finding out that how many tables youre going to get three weeks before youre opening is outrageous and ridiculous. Ridiculous is the word for it. Weve never operated a business this way. We train people. Thats how we give them a future, by training them. That contributes to their promotions, their pride and to the guest experience. And at the end of the day, guest experience is the only controlling factor in the survival of the hospitality industry. Go ahead, Ian. The question that they wanted to deal with this how much of the expense load you are carrying at Wynn on the Peninsula that would be relieved as people that were carrying on your payroll. We are heavy in our payroll and on the Peninsula hotel deliberately as part of our training routine to maintain the high level of service that Wynn enjoys and our reputation in Macau. So, Ian, what I think his question is how much -- how far will your expense load drop if you were to get the tables you were supposed to get, which was 500, when we started the building, confirmed by the government.
Ian Coughlan: Based on current business trends, the significant opportunity to migrate people to Wynn Palace trained highly qualified people and not necessarily need to back for those people at Wynn Macau until business levels pick back up in the city. So, for the immediate outlook, there is a significant opportunity to transfer people over. And it would be a significant savings on payroll for Wynn Macau without any fall off from service quality.
Steve Wynn: Understanding -- to complete that answer, that the people that we transfer that we dont have to replace in no way makes up the entire workforce, at paths [ph] there is tremendous amount of additional hiring that has to take place in order for that enterprise to exist. Is that answer to your question?
Joe Greff: Yes, it does. Thank you, Steve. Thanks, everybody.
Operator: Our next question comes from Carlo Santarelli with Deutsche Bank. 
Carlo Santarelli: I have two questions. For starters, maybe Gamal or Ian if you guys could comment a little bit on what youre seeing within the mass business today. Obviously the slots a bit weaker but the mass table seem to have held up fairly well from a drop perspective on a sequential basis. So the question is, are you guys starting to see any stability or you feel any comfort in at least that portion of the Macau business? And then a bigger picture question maybe for Steve, Steve as you think about some of the governments conversation and some of maybe the comments that have been made over time about diversifying the economy of Macau. In Europe in longer term, do you get the sense that Macau has the potential to really transform itself away from being a predominantly gaming market much in the way that Las Vegas did over a number of years?
Steve Wynn: Ill take my part first. Absolutely Las Vegas and Macau rather has transformed itself, not how, [ph] or can, or will, it has been transformed by the projects that have been built in direct response to the leadership and the suggestions made by the local government, everything from promotions to the creation of facilities, exactly that has already taken place. But understand that the reason that these extraordinary non-gaming attractions exist is because the damn casino is the cash register. Thats what drives Las Vegas, 40 odd percent, my hotels, the ones that you guys know that weve built with this organization in the past, none of them have ever had even half of the revenue be gaming; over half was non-gaming, but none of them could have been built or would exist today if anybody had given us a table cap, because the people would stay in the rooms, want to go downstairs and play sometimes besides eating, and entertaining, and shopping, and going to the spa, they want to play or they wouldnt come to Macau. So, we support these extravagant non-gaming diversifications with the casino. Thats the truth of it; thats the irrevocable, undeniable, inexorable truth of it. The gaming allows the non-gaming to flourish and thats the lesson were trying to get to penetrate the leadership of Macau that the very thing they want requires that they let us run our business based upon our experience, our long experience everywhere else. And thats where the heart of the frustration is that somehow we havent been able to get that truth really accepted. And I am hopeful that before we have demonstrations or real angst or I had an employee approach me when I was in Macau and say Mr. Wynn, is the government angry at the union and trying to cut back on gaming employees? I said, well, I dont have any reason to think that. But thats the kind of stuff thats going around in the staff dining room. This confusion is not isolated to management; its now spread to the employees, very unhealthy situation, both socially and politically. And when I am asked questions like that I dont have a clear answer. And I want to get away from this kind of thing before it gets out of hand. Now, Ian, you can answer the rest of it, the mass gaming. I am in a position to answer that question. Mass table revenue is flat as against a year ago, not a year ago, a quarter ago sequentially.
Ian Coughlan: It is flat but weve always had a considerable fall off year-over-year in the very high end of mass which is very similar to the Wynn VIP, so those players have that operators are returning less. So, weve actually driven more business in the mid-tier. And as weve taken tables back from the junket operators, we have an additional 23 tables in mass over the same time last year. Weve managed to drive more business in mid-mass.
Carlo Santarelli: Ian, I appreciate that.
Ian Coughlan: Stabilization.
Carlo Santarelli: Thats great and just a follow-up on that, Ian. So, you are in a sense I guess what youre saying is some of the VIP players that trickle down into the high end mass, are you not seeing as much of them and hence youre officially in different form -- than you otherwise would have historically?
Ian Coughlan: Yes, correct. And were allowed to do that because weve got more tables that we migrated to mass. And right now were giving approximately 58% of our room inventory to mass that stable game, the slots. So what weve been losing out of the junkets, weve been trying to drive into mass.
Steve Wynn: All the more reason why you need more mass tables, so that people can use themselves. That plays in when you have lower level of gaming, amusement gaming, you need more tables to deal to those people. Thats the only hope that you have for compensating the loss of VIP. Now at Wynn, we were able to transfer as he just said, a couple of dozen tables. But in Cotai with these big hotels and their massive footage thats dedicated to non-casino, you need tables to do that. You cant do it with 150 or 250 tables; you need 400 or 500 tables to do it effectively and to support the workforce, otherwise the workforce gets cut back. And you have layoffs and all these things that have never happened in my career in 45 years; Ive never had layoff. I think we once dropped a 100 people in this company, 45 years; we dont do layoffs. People come to work for us; they get job security. Ive never broken a promise about job security to my employees in my entire career. And I dont like facing that possibility one bit.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robin Farley with UBS. Robin, your line is open.
Steve Wynn: Robin, are you there? We missed you.
Operator: Okay. Our next question comes from Shaun Kelley with Bank of America. 
Shaun Kelley: Steve, you mentioned little bit earlier in the call here, just that you had done a bit of deep dive with your staff in Macau regarding the VIP business. And one of the other headlines that sort of kind of did the rounds in September was around the Dore junket business that was operating out of Wynn Macau and some other casinos as well. I was curious just for the teams view on whether or not you saw those issues were fairly isolated and already kind of dealt with or if theres going to be any continued fallout from those or other similar types of issues going forward?
Steve Wynn: Good question. It didnt have anything to do with us. It had to do with one of their people in their financing syndicate. The way these guys operate is that they get people to invest almost like a mutual fund or a hedge fund and then they give these people a return each month on the financial support that they get from these groups of lenders. And apparently one of the employees who was interfacing with the lenders absconded with their money. It had nothing to do with us. And we went to 100% cash with Dore. They had all the liquidity they needed right in the cage. And when we found out about it, we terminated any extension for as much as 1 RMB or HK$ 1 to Dore and they were able to cover it because they had the liquidity that allowed them to do it. Whether someone else is going -- thats going to be in other deep allocation or embezzlement is hard to predict. Criminals tend to be surreptitious until becomes the light. But I think all the junket operators took that as a signal to tightening up on their internal controls from an untold. So, I dont suspect that that will happen in the manner that it happened at Dore again. But the overall viability of the junkets themselves depends upon the liquidity and the wealth and the retained earnings that they have kept. We dont see their numbers. And so were very conservative in how we deal with them. We dont know their retained earnings. Some of them have gone public but the information that you study under those circumstance is at best described by the word murky. So, were left to manage our end of this transaction which is to shorten the strength and the length of time that we give these people that how many non-redeemable shifts we give them. And the amount of outstanding unredeemed chips is dropped dramatically, almost by half, which reflects the level of business almost identically. Thats what as deeper answer I can give you; is this satisfactory?
Shaun Kelley: Its great. Thank you very much. And then my other question, I think you are really clear about some of your reviews as to how the people and employees are impacted at some of your facilities going forward by some of the policies out there. Weve heard from some people in the market that potentially the Macau government may also be looking to at potential restrictions around the blue card policy, which I think is some of the immigrant labor that they allow into the market. I was curious that that was at all impacting your view either towards staffing levels in Cotai or if those really just isolated to more of the table counts and your ability to plan ahead?
Steve Wynn: At the present time unemployment in Macau is almost zero. The government wanted us to build the highly diversified non-gaming structures; we went and did it for 10 billion or more. And if you count all of us, the largest being us at 4 billion. How in the hell can you run those places without employees. I mean what are we supposed to do, shutdown a floor, close the restaurant, curtail the various things that they told us that they wanted to see happen without employees, its all ludicrous that it defies rational conversation. Some of these places are going to close locally, creating unemployment, we can absorb them I think in the industry but still the extent of the new operations are so comprehensive that in order to operate them appropriately, you still need more people to work. And the spectacle of these buildings being unattended is beyond imagination and will have dire consequences in the community on a couple of levels; the first level will be that it will negatively impact the job security of the local Macau citizens and undoubtedly result in rather severe complaining. What form that will take, I am not sure. The second thing is that the hospitality profile of the city will be severely compromised and that will take years to recover, years. You only get one chance to make a good impression and if you bogie that impression, if you blow it, its a long time to fix it and maybe never. What is important is that the Macau market as is viewed by the world, never loses its viability because the day that it loses its viability, it will lose its long-term longevity and the entire thing gets really damaged severely. And that will impact the community of Macau in a very negative way. And thats one of the things that concerns me a lot because employee attitudes. Everybody in the world including all of a sudden its call today, it has been established that our present state of mind, our happiness, our sense of security is fundamentally a function of how we view tomorrow or the future. You tell someone this feeling poorly, suffering from ailment or some discomfort that they are going to be better in three days and they feel better today. Youll tell someone who is feeling great today that they are going to be awfully sick next week and they get depressed today. So the attitude of the employees, their sense of security, safety, their notion of a positive future for themselves and their families is a critical management responsibility. Now to a certain extent, we control that within the walls of our buildings. But every once in a while depending on public policy, we lose control of that because of factors that are outside of our control. And my feeling is that Macau at the moment is on the edge of that moment which should be avoided at all cost.
Operator: And our next question comes from Harry Curtis with Nomura.
Harry Curtis: Hi Steve and thank you for being refreshingly frank here. I wanted to just go back to the meeting that you had with your employees on the VIP topic. What I am trying to get a better sense of is, was there any conclusion that you all came to about what the intent of the policy changes related to the junkets really has been on the part of Beijing?
Steve Wynn: Well, thats a good question. And from what we understand, reading the South China Morning Post and other source of information available to us, President Xi discovered that the people of China felt that government officials were corrupt and feathering their own nest. And he thought that that was very malignant for the health of his party and the future of his country and made a decision to correct that and have a campaign against corruption. And considering the amount of people if you believe the newspapers that have been charged with misconduct of one degree or another, President Xi did the right thing for the right reasons. And because of the way China, mainland China works, every businessman in that country dealt in one way or another with a government official because the government controls so many aspects of public policy and business interface. So businessmen who had nothing to hide as well as those who might have had something to hide all went into the fox holes or into a defensive posture because they didnt know if the next shoe was going to drop or what the next thing was going to happen. And it is caused across the board, a contraction of all VIP consumer spending at the higher level, which includes Macau. And that explains the problem that the junket operators are having plus the restriction on the credit cards and things like that. So, in one respect, the junket operators faced the problem that was part of an intelligent central government policy, no argument about that. Corruption is a bad thing and President Xi did the right thing just as I would in my company if I thought there was corruption to that extent. Fernando Chui, the Head of the Government of Macau or President Xi Jinping or a president of a public company or a private company for that matter, it is bad business to have corruption and it should be stopped because its unhealthy and goes to the root of the viability of any organization or institution. So, there is something that in our meetings we acknowledged and we accept as inconvenient perhaps in terms of junket operators but not necessarily a bad thing, so we adjust to it. And that was the way we dealt with that in our conversations. Alternatively, the reason those conversations have 15 or 16 hours, is because were juggling the reassessment of our facilities and adjustments to our facilities to cater to the new reality that we face which incidentally is much more like Las Vegas than what Macau was in the past. And thats fine with me; Ive no argument with it. But in the process of adjusting, how do we run our facility under the new reality? And we can do that. But we need tables in the casino to support the restaurants and the convention, the meeting space and the entertainment of the $4 billion. The casino represents perhaps $400 million of it. The other $3.6 billion went into other things that werent part of the old way of looking at things. So, on one hand we understand when on with the campaign against corruption and we have no issue with that or the thinking that went into it. What we have an issue with is the leadership that we need to have in the government to help us make the transition to the new reality.
Harry Curtis: Can I ask just a quick follow-up on your comments? You mentioned restriction on credit cards, Im guessing its on the UnionPay cards.
Steve Wynn: Yes.
Harry Curtis: Can you give us a sense of has that been implemented and if it hasnt, any expectations on how it might change customer behavior?
Steve Wynn: We werent in the UnionPay card business to the extent of other people. So, didnt mean that much to us.
Steve Cootey: And Harry, you should just look at the mass revenues and see how theyre doing. I dont -- I think that enforcing the rules around UnionPay are overplayed in the media.
Steve Wynn: Way overplayed.
Operator: Our next question comes from Thomas Allen with Morgan Stanley. 
Mark Savino: This is Mark Savino on for Thomas. Just a quick question back on Vegas, wondering if you could maybe give just a bit more detail as to what youre actually seeing in the high end baccarat business, maybe you could get parse out visitation versus spend for visit trends among those high end players? And then really, do you guys have any senses to how close you might be to a bottom there? Thank you.
Steve Wynn: Maurice, do you want to deal with that?
Maurice Wooden: Were continuing to see year-over-year where you have a reduction in that high-end play on the international side. And again, its like Steve said, were adjusting to adhere to make sure that we look at all other areas to make sure that recovering whatever that loss might be. We really dont understand what that bottom might be. I mean we certainly have still a good flow of international business but it wasnt like 2014 or 2013.
Steve Cootey: And were mainly talking on the gaming side, its not just Asia, Latin America with everything is going on there in Brazil and other places, clearly thats done as well. So, our high end business was down by about half from revenue side compared to this time last year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kenneth Fong with Credit Suisse. 
Kenneth Fong: As a local analyst, I can share your frustration in this operational uncertain and ambiguity of people allocation as well. So on third quarter, am I fair to say that direct VIP actually hold low that actually hurt the margin, so what is approximately EBITDA impact is? And the second question is this operational uncertainty on table allocation; will it affect the decision in a development of Wynn Diamond?
Matt Maddox: Ill take the first one. Its Matt. So, as you see that table mass was up but that EBITDA increase was offset by -- youre exactly right, direct VIP was down and our slots were down. So, those two offset the increase in table mass. The whole percentage was normal; in direct VIP, it was the volumes.
Steve Wynn: AT Wynn Diamond, do you want about
Kenneth Fong: Yes, at Wynn Diamond, what is the uncertainty of table allocation?
Steve Wynn: The government told us that we could continue to develop our planned concessions along as was phase two which is as always been. And we have designed a remarkable phase two. But until we understand about Wynn Palace, its our ability to look into the future and plan financially is again compromised at the moment. My long-term confidence in Macau is still strong. I love the position were in terms of being part of that community. The issue it has to do is short-term adjustments not long-term confidence. At the end of the day, I am in the same position as this Head of the Macau government and for that matter President Xi Jinping. My job is to create a stable environment in terms of human resources, job security and a better future for people. Isnt that after all what governments are doing or hopefully doing? And I say at the 11th hour the government does the right thing and supports the health of it citizens as businessmen will support the health of their employees. Because the ultimate truth is that the only thing that matters is the happiness of the people whether they are employees or citizens of a community. And they are the ones that touch the public because only people make people happy, only people make happy communities, only people make successful companies. And the job leaders are to do everything and anything in their power to create a happy and positive outlook to the future for their constituencies. And I strongly believe that when the dust settles, leaders of companies and governments do the right thing. And thats the basis from my long-term confidence in the market and my long-term confidence in the leadership of the government. We all come to the same conclusion when weve had enough time to see. Hopefully we come to the right conclusion before we avoid catastrophic, unpleasant or disruptive alternatives. We anticipate certain results and dont let them occur. So whether youre a CEO of a company or youre the head of a government, you have to have a little bit of ability to look around the corner and see whats coming ahead of you. And if thats not good, turn away from it, amend your policies, learn from experience and come to a more sound conclusion. Thats what I hope for a businessman and I hope for ourselves and for that matter for the government.
Operator: Our final question comes from David Katz. [Ph]
Unidentified Analyst: If we look at the forthcoming new property in Cotai and presume frankly that it will be most desirable in the market as is typical and is an attraction, can you talk about the strategies and way about identifying presumably somewhat of a new customer mix and how youre thinking about identifying and engaging and targeting that customer mix as the property?
Steve Wynn: There is no mystery as to who those customers are. They are people from Taiwan, Hong Kong, mainland China who want to live life in an exciting way for a day or two or three on vacations. They want to be served well, stay in lovely hotels, eat in good restaurants, enjoy entertainment and attractions that they cant get at home, and while they are there play in a casino which is exciting and have fun. Their experience is under the control of the staff that serves them as well as the environment in which this all takes place. Thats the story in Las Vegas, thats the story in Boston, thats the story in Macau, its the story in Manila, its the story in Biloxi, Mississippi; nothing changes nor will it ever be different than that. Those are the truths of the hospitality industry and any of this variations or iterations including Macau or any other city on earth.
Unidentified Analyst: If I
Steve Wynn: We build buildings-- yes, I am sorry. Go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: No, I am sorry. I wanted to just maybe reiterate the question in a far more [audio gap] way. Do you expect this market to become more competitive, more aggressively competitive and how do you think about whether or not to engage in, in that?
Steve Wynn: Well, its already competitive; it has been competitive for quite some time. Look at Las Vegas with the dozens of hotels, the thousands of tables, the tens of thousands -- 150,000 rooms, millions, upon million suite of convention, a meeting space, theatres, cabarets, public entertainment, volcanoes that erupt, thousands that dance, pirate ships that sink, trees that come out of the floor, gondolas that go across dancing fountains for a $100 million. All of this is a fight for the audience thats here, discounts given at the tables, complimentaries. Its so intensely competitive in Macau and has been for some long time, for a long time that it will continue in the same fashion that it is enjoying now. There will still be a stratification of the public. People who can afford choice and who demand higher levels of service, better food, larger more sumptuous rooms, better meeting facilities, more fascinating entertainment attractions, they will migrate to places that provide that. Other places that deal to the economy end of the market such as Circus Circus or in Las Vegas or other places in Macau, they have their own level of competition. But you know there is Kmart and there is in Louis Vuitton; there is Macys and there is Neiman Marcus. They complete -- Neiman Marcus competes with other companies of a similar nature; we do as well. Louis Vuitton can competes with Chanel and Christian Dior and Prada. And were at that level. Were the five-star operator. We offer choices for people that want the best. And when we do that, we to a certain extent give up another part of the market to other people. So, its good that a place like Macau or Las Vegas has choice for people. Whats wonderful about Macau and Las Vegas is that if you come to that city, you can go from Wynn to Circus; you can go to a lower end casino to Wynn in Macau and you can dial up whatever it is that suits you at the moment. And thats the secret to making a great destination city, its choice to bigger the menu, to more powerful the destination resort. But I assure you that every level, there is competition. Am I being helpful to you?
Unidentified Analyst: Yes. I can recall in Las Vegas during the downturn operators would tend to reach down market and promote more and
Steve Wynn: And laid off and they lowered their expenses and they laid off thousands and thousands of people, not here because in the business that Im in, I cannot juggle my service levels; I cannot bounce my step around because the market gets soft. No, no; we have to have a capital structure that allows us to maintain our service levels, to protect the job security of our employees and hopefully at the end of the downturn, we end up with a bigger market share, which is exactly what happened to us. But in order to do that you have to have a strong capital structure. When the government interferes with the viability enterprise, they take that ability for us to protect our employees away from us, a dangerous thing to do from any perspective.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we have run out of time for our Q&A session today. I want to hand the program back over to Mr. Wynn for any closing remarks. 
Steve Wynn: Matt, Steve Cootey, Ian Coughlan, Mr. Aziz, Mr. Wooden, would you like to add anything?
Steve Cootey: No.
Steve Wynn: Okay. Well, I dont know that this has been the most satisfying quarterly phone call weve ever had but at least its the most candid and the most honest one that we could possibly give everybody that is interested in our company. And hopefully, it sheds light; it shares real intelligence and insight on the inevitability of anything that interferes with the long-term health of Macau or Las Vegas for that matter. And Ive done my best to shine a light on that subject. And I thank you all for your attention and well talk and see what happens in 90 days from now. Bye-bye.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude todays third quarter 2015 earnings call. You may now disconnect your lines and having wonderful afternoon.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-07-29 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Stephen Lawrence Cootey - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Senior VP Stephen Alan Wynn - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Matthew O. Maddox - President Ian Michael Coughlan - President, Wynn Resorts (Macau), S.A., Wynn Resorts Ltd. Maurice Wooden - President, Wynn Las Vegas, Wynn Resorts Ltd. Gamal Aziz - President, Wynn Macau, Limited, Wynn Resorts Ltd. Kimmarie Sinatra - Secretary, Executive VP & General Counsel
Analysts: Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Joseph R. Greff - JPMorgan Securities LLC Shaun C. Kelley - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities International, Inc. Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc. Thomas G. Allen - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Robin M. Farley - UBS Securities LLC
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Selena, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Second Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. Thank you. I will now turn today's conference call over to Mr. Stephen Cootey. Please go ahead, sir.
Stephen Lawrence Cootey - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Senior VP: Thank you, and good afternoon. Joining the call on behalf of the company today are Steve Wynn, Matt Maddox, Kim Sinatra and myself here in Las Vegas. Also on the phone are the operational management teams from both our Las Vegas and Macau properties. Before we get started, I just want to remind everyone we will be making forward-looking statements under Safe Harbor Federal Securities law and those statements may or may not come true. And with that, I'm going to turn the call over to Mr. Wynn.
Stephen Alan Wynn - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good afternoon, everybody. You've seen our numbers. They're sort of, I think, probably no surprise to anybody. Macau continues to be more of a question than a certainty as we head through 2015 and towards our opening on March 25 of Wynn Palace in 2016. Our construction and our staffing is on schedule. We've made some adjustments in the staffing until we have a clearer picture of the game total that will be allocated to us by the government. But in the meantime, we're finishing this building. I would mention that, as I have in the past, that the design of this building and its creation over five years ago was done in anticipation of market conditions perhaps not as critical as they are today, but under the general assumption that the robust and unprecedented growth in the market would not be the kind of growth we'd be experiencing in 2016 and that we would face competition for which we had great respect. Our fellow operators in Macau are intelligent, they're extremely well-financed and they're quick to learn and to accommodate the things that they see in other hotels and to accommodate changes necessitated by their own experience in that market. It's a very, very sharp place. The buildings that are built represent remarkable diversifications into non-gaming attractions. And, of course, that adds to the competitive nature of our situation. We designed the hotel, as I say, in anticipation of just such an environment, perhaps not quite as critical as the one we're facing, but we said we had to be clearly, clearly a superior choice competitively. We enjoy a segment of the market that we wanted to continue to enjoy, the upper premium, the VIP business and the top end of the mass marketing. We enjoy that advantage today and we intended to increase that advantage by the opening of Wynn Palace, such worthy assumptions of its creation, and I'm happy to say that that was the result of the construction and the development. Our staff, headed by Mr. Gamal Aziz and Ian Coughlan and Linda Chen in China, are doing an excellent job in preparing the place to make a good opening and make a good impression on our guests, so that hopefully the Wynn Palace will be everybody's first choice when they go to Cotai. In Las Vegas, we're enjoying a comfortable business, I think is the right word for it. It's not an aggressive growth by any means, but we are enjoying non-casino revenue that is acceptable. Our slot machine and table games are growing with one exception. This should come as no surprise to professionals on this call, and that is that since we were the operator of choice for the international baccarat business, namely from China, that if anything interfered with that business, we would of course experience more of a penalty in that regard than our competitors since we had more of those kinds of people attending our hotel. When that group is diminished we, of course, feel it critically. So our baccarat table business has suffered, mainly because of the absence of a number of Asian players. But business from Latin America is still good, and perhaps that explains why we had clearly the most powerful performance in this quarter of any operator in America. And with that, I think I've sort of summarized whatever I can add to the conversation today, and I'll be glad to take questions along with my colleagues.
Operator: The first question comes from the line of Joe Greff.
Stephen Alan Wynn - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Hello, Joe? I think we lost him.
Operator: First question comes from Carlo Santarelli.
Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hey, good evening, everyone. Steve, just in relation to some of the comments you made around Cotai, what is your level of comfort with the property opening later in the first quarter? And secondly, how many iterations have you guys gone through recently to readjust the casino floor of that property for the new Macau that you currently envision here over the medium-term?
Stephen Alan Wynn - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I think, first of all, I'm comfortable about the March 25 date. The government happily gave us 100% of our last and final request for construction labor, and so we're fully staffed at 7,000 construction workers. So, we're pretty sanguine at the moment, although anything is subject to change. We're sanguine about the March 25 date. But I want to add that when we say March 25, the way this company operates, we always want to have two weeks  10 days to two weeks of practice where we let all of our employees stay in all of the rooms, order room service, use the telephones, have our computer systems fail, have our elevators have a chance to fail, we go to our backup systems, we use all of our emergency systems, we deal the games to each other. We do everything to anticipate what our guests, when we open to the public, will experience so that if there are any glitches or shortcomings, we experience them, not the public. So, when I say we open on March 25, the hotel will be a campus in February, and if anything interferes with our ability to use March as a campus to practice, then of course I wouldn't hesitate to postpone the opening by a week or two. But, when I said March 25, that anticipates all of the things that are necessary to open a hotel on Wynn standard. Matt, you can talk about adjustments to the floor and the compendium.
Matthew O. Maddox - President: Sure. So, we continue to look at various iterations and the mass market clearly is taking little more of a roll out of Cotai right now than it was previously, 18 months ago, and the way the facility was designed, it's very flexible and functional. So, right now, we have a program in place for both Peninsula and Cotai that we're comfortable with.
Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Great. Thanks, Matt. And if you wouldn't mind, just one housekeeping item. Could you clarify or quantify the hold adjustment in the period in Las Vegas relative to theoretical? Is that about $9 million, somewhere in that ballpark?
Matthew O. Maddox - President: That's about right. And in Macau, if you notice on the mass market side, you're between $12 million to $15 million.
Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: And what would  the new theoretical in Macau is somewhere in the $20 million to $22 million range?
Matthew O. Maddox - President: Yes. We put our last 12 months in there at $20 million, which is what we're using. So it's...
Stephen Alan Wynn - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: And I have taken exception to that with Matthew privately. I think the right number is closer to $22 million because of the dominance of baccarat.
Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Understood.
Stephen Alan Wynn - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: But if you look at us historically, in calculating hold percentage, because we have so many buy-ins at the cage, which is completely atypical from the American experience, usually we know exactly what the drop or the handle is in a casino in Las Vegas. For those of you who may not be quite familiar with this term, when someone gambles at a table, at any table in the world, they have to buy chips. They come to the table, they give the money to the dealer and the dealer drops the money in the box and slides the chips out of the rack to the customer, and that's the buy-in. The other way that people get chips is with credit. And when they take a marker, if they're approved by the supervisor in charge or the team leader, then the chips are slid across the table out of the rack just as if they had paid cash and a credit slip associated with a marker goes into the box in lieu of cash. Now, there are other pieces of paper in the box that represent changes to the inventory in the rack during the eight-hour shift. Fills, if there's a need for more chips when the customers are winning or credit slips if the customers are losing and the rack gets overcrowded with the chips that are taken back, we return them to the cage. They don't have anything to do with handle. What we measure is the cash and the credit slips associated with markers. That tells us the total amount of activity. We measure that against the changes in the opening and closing inventories of the shift and that tells us the performance of the table, or the win. In China, and virtually no one buys chips at the cage in America, at least in our experience over the last 40-odd years, and then walks to a table and gambles. In China, they do, in fact, do exactly that. I don't know whether it's because they're using their credit card or they're cashing in whatever RMBs they have or whatever, but people go to the cage, buy chips, and then circulate around the casino and bring the gaming tokens to the table with them. That means that when we count the boxes, it's not a measurement truly of the drop or activity in the casino. The handle, it's referred to in the alternative. So we've started now taking the buy-ins in the cage, at the cashier, and the money and credit slips in the box, although in the mass casino we don't give credit at the table. But, we take the cash and the buy-ins at the cage and we try as close as we can to then re-create a comparable number that all of you would understand as handle or drop for the level of activity at the tables. I hope I'm being clear enough in this explanation. And based upon this, we've gone back and tried to give a comparison of the real hold compared to the theoretical hold of the mass table game activity in China. And my experience, because of the dominance of baccarat, that that number should be between $22 million and $23 million. Matt thinks it should be $20 million, but at any rate it's arbitrary. You can make an adjustment any way you'd like. If you look at us historically, it's what I said, $22 million, $23 million. Matt is  the whole financial structure of this company is extremely conservative, as you know, so Matt decided to say, well, it's $20 million. And I think that's on the low side, but call it what you may. Go ahead, Matt.
Matthew O. Maddox - President: Anything else? I hope that was clarified how it works. Many people don't really understand casino accounting or what handle is, and I thought it might be a good idea to slide it in.
Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Yeah. Appreciate it. Thank you very much.
Operator: The next question comes from Joe Greff of JPMorgan.
Joseph R. Greff - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hey, guys, again. Can you hear me okay?
Stephen Alan Wynn - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah.
Joseph R. Greff - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great. Two questions. Last week we heard from our friends at Las Vegas Sands, a little bit more of ability to take out costs along the lines of player reinvestments and direct marketing expenses and some other things as well. Can you talk about your ability to find expenses to reduce? Obviously we're aware of the challenges in Macau. And then my second question, maybe it's for the operating guys in Macau. Can you talk about the last two months or so of impact or lack of impact from phase two where you might be facing some revenue, additional revenue pressures if you can sort of parse through that? Thank you.
Stephen Alan Wynn - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Hey, Ian. Why don't you answer Joe's questions?
Ian Michael Coughlan - President, Wynn Resorts (Macau), S.A., Wynn Resorts Ltd.: Sure. So on the costs side, we  obviously two-thirds of our operating expenses are related to payroll. In absorbing a COLA adjustment to 5%, we've made efforts to bring down our payroll costs. We've had natural attrition throughout the year where we've not replaced people. We're about 173 FTEs down over the same period last year. We continued to push voluntary time off, which seems very appealing to the workforce, and between that and over time containment, we're looking at maybe US$20 million annualized in reduced payroll this year. We're in a marketplace where we're six to eight months out from opening Wynn Palace. We are doing a huge amount of training on property getting people ready for promotions to the new property. So we're being careful about reducing payroll with the need for 8,000 workers coming up between six and eight months' time. So, we're going to migrate a number of people over to Wynn Palace and that really is the opportunity for Wynn Macau to recalibrate back at Wynn Macau and look at the way our business is structured and streamlined in this property.
Stephen Alan Wynn - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: We're carrying...
Ian Michael Coughlan - President, Wynn Resorts (Macau), S.A., Wynn Resorts Ltd.: Looking at other...
Stephen Alan Wynn - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I'm sorry, Ian. I was listening to you, Ian, and I want to remind everybody that we're carrying extra baggage in our expenses today in spite of the reductions mentioned. We're packing a lot of people in Macau Peninsula operation in anticipation of Macau. So that is one place where our expenses are artificially inflated as we warehouse people that we're planning to take next door. Secondly, I want to remind everybody that with the exception of maybe $1 billion, we're carrying most of the expenses of the financing of Macau in our existing financial condition. So we have relatively small amount of money left to pay compared to what's in that building and in that project already, so that the impact of whatever cash flow the Palace generates will seem rather dramatic because the expenses of the capital are in  almost $3 billion is in already of the $4 billion, maybe a little more. I don't know, Matt. What's the total?
Matthew O. Maddox - President: You're exactly right. We have $1 billion outstanding on our revolver at June 30.
Stephen Alan Wynn - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: That's right. But, we're carrying the rest of it in today's numbers, which is worth noting, I think. Go ahead, Ian, if you have some more.
Ian Michael Coughlan - President, Wynn Resorts (Macau), S.A., Wynn Resorts Ltd.: So we're obviously watching other expenses. We've trimmed advertising, we are re-contracting with a number of big contracts that we have with suppliers et cetera. So we're about 12% down quarter-over-quarter in our operating expenses, so we continue to watch it. But, the big opportunity is when we build in labor into Wynn Palace and we can reform back at Wynn Macau, we'll see a drop in head count here and we're getting ready for that. On the revenue side, clearly the junket market continues to be challenged in the way it's been challenged for the last 12 months, 14 months. On the mass casino side, we've taken advantage as described previously, of the additional room inventory. Currently 51% of our room inventory is going to the mass table games and mass slot area, and that's worked out very successfully. We clearly see difficulty at the very high level of mass. Those players are impacted in the same way that the junket and direct players are impacted from a liquidity perspective. But we've found a very rich stream of customers in the mid-tier, the business class of mass, and that continues to grow for us. The grind aspect of mass is stable. On the hotel side, you can see the numbers are still in the mid  occupancy still around 96% with a decent average rate. The town's got a lot more competitive, particularly in Cotai, with the addition of more Galaxy room inventory, and more to come with Studio City. But we continue to drive high occupancy with a good rate. Food and beverage is impacted in fine dining, particularly because of the lack of junket complementaries, and that's been the passion since late last year. So where we can, we're driving revenues and there has been some stability looking at junket turnover. That's been pretty stable over the last six months and we've seen the retail revenue stabilize over the last two or three months. The decline has softened considerably.
Joseph R. Greff - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great. Thanks Ian. Thanks, Steve.
Stephen Alan Wynn - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. Sure.
Operator: Our next question comes from Shaun Kelley of Bank of America.
Shaun C. Kelley - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great. Thank you. And thank you for taking my question. Maybe just to change topics a little bit to talk for a moment about Las Vegas. Steve, you mentioned obviously you guys continue to post some of the biggest numbers of any single property in the market. But last quarter I think in your comments, your tone on the market had changed a little bit, and I was just curious on kind of where do you sit now in terms of your outlook for Vegas? And are things improving off the bottom in what you were seeing back in May?
Stephen Alan Wynn - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: You want to take that Matt?
Matthew O. Maddox - President: Sure. So, I'm sorry, Shaun, could you repeat that one more time  in Las Vegas?
Shaun C. Kelley - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Yeah, sure. Just your overview on Las Vegas. I mean I think last quarter there was sort of a notable tone shift, right, in terms of the outlook for forward bookings and how the summer was progressing. And just kind of curious on where you guys sit now that we're actually in the middle of it?
Matthew O. Maddox - President: Sure. I just wanted to make sure that's what you asked, because Steve addressed that at the opening of the call that Las Vegas is, one month is good, and then you see June numbers come out, not so good here on the gaming side. So, Las Vegas is a grind right now, and we think we're in a good spot in our position in the business. But there's no accelerated growth going on here, in particular because of the international business.
Stephen Alan Wynn - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: And, for example, last June we held 32% on a couple hundred million dollars. This year, our casino is behaving normally at over $21 million, but we made $60 odd million last year. We have these  we get the benefit of these tremendous big players. But when you have one of these giant months where you win all the money, the next year it always looks a little funny. In the end it all evens out, but we see these volatility fluctuations. But, our base business tends to be pretty steady. And Shaun, I guess that's the best way to explain it. We had more Chinese play last year than we did this year, and I mean a place like our own, we can make $60 million in a month in this hotel or $70 million. We can also make $25 million, and as I say, it evens out at the end. But when you look at it, short term, as we do every six or eight hours a day, I do at least, I'm in the casino every day and on the phone with my people. We've readjusted our floor on the Fourth of July and interestingly enough, many of the games in Las Vegas have become marginally profitable. Years ago down at Binion's, they started at the crap table of giving ten times odds. If you bet $100 on the line, you could bet $1,000 on the free odds behind the line if you bet the pass line. I'm getting a little technical. But in the old days in dice, whatever you bet on the line you could bet the same amount behind the line, and that was a hold percentage of a little under 1%. Then they started giving double odds compared to the amount of money you bet on the pass line, and that lowered the house percentage to 0.57%. Then there became a pattern on the strip of what's called the three, four, five. Depending on what numbers you were betting on the crap table to come up before number seven came up, you could get three times odds, four times odds, or five times odds. There are pairs of numbers on a dice table. Four and ten have two to one odds, five and nine have a different set of odds, and six to eight or six to five. Well, depending on what number you were trying to get, you could get three, four, or five times odds. That became a house advantage of 0.37%. With three dealers and a box man and a half of a floor man for every table, craps is not a really profitable game at that level. So I changed the casino. In effect, I raised the price, and I went to double odds only except for extremely high play with $1,000 minimum bet. I also rearranged the floor in the casino to put our specialty games that are very popular with the public that have a higher margin and I put them in the 100% location and I moved my games with less of a margin to secondary locations. Those changes have worked out favorably to us in the past three weeks, and that kind of re-examination  our slot floor has been redone. We win more money with less games now. These are some of the reasons why we make more money than anybody else in Las Vegas. Now some of the operators will copy us. We're not allowed to talk to one another because of obvious legal implications of price-fixing, but we don't really care what the other guys do. We run our own business the way we see we should, and we're not in business to offer games that don't make money, and I don't mind saying that publicly. So, we've done quite a bit of work in tightening up the way the casino works, and I know our competitors are on the call and they probably  everybody knows that the minute you make a change like that in Las Vegas, it goes around town like a wildfire. But those are some of the things we're doing and it touches every aspect. We're constantly re-examining everything we do here. We sit in my office and discuss the most fundamental aspects of this industry every single week, and we take nothing. We are not so much concerned of what has been or what is as we are concerned about what might be, and that's a principle truth of our company, whether it's in China or in Las Vegas or Boston or wherever. Next question?
Shaun C. Kelley - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Harry Curtis with Nomura.
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Hi, Steve. To segue back to Macau about government policy, and I'm interested in your view on how encouraged you are about the government's relaxation of the transit visas and probability that they're going to leave the smoking lounges intact. What message do you take from that?
Stephen Alan Wynn - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, the message I take is that acting as a group with respect and a good deal of humility that our conversations with the government do not completely fall on deaf ears, and both of those examples you just gave are examples of the government taking input from the gaming operators and reacting in what I think was an intelligent and appropriate way. We have a continuing dialog with the government because their major interest is to protect the security of the jobs of the people in the city, to keep harmony, tranquility and even a very positive attitude among the citizens, whether it's in Hong Kong or Macau, about the future. Our job as agents of change is to give input to the government, in advance if possible, of what the consequences of a given change in public policy might be. We do so with respect and as I say, we approach them with gratitude for being able to be there in the first place. It's been a wonderful business experience comparable to none that I'm aware of. And so, when we talk to the government, we do so constructively, and what we can do appropriately is to tell them what we think the consequences of a given situation will be. We don't pound the table or make any demands. We strictly say, if you do that, this is likely to happen. If you do that, then there'll be another result, and we'll do our best to accentuate the positive and eliminate the negative, to quote one of Johnny Mercer's old lyrics. So, I was glad to see that they allowed the smoking rooms. There was no reason not to, and Secretary Tam, who is very concerned about public health, finally felt as if it was okay to allow the smoking rooms to continue, and that's a good thing. The relaxation of the visas to allow people in China to travel freely is consistent with the reform-mindedness of Xi Jinping's government and I think consistent with the attitude of the local government as well.
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: I did have a follow up in Las Vegas. Just sticking with the demand on the non-casino side, and maybe, Matt, you have a sense and can put some numbers behind it. But how do you expect the balance of this year to look as far as bookings and room pricing for the balance of this year and into next year? Does there seem to be some good, some strong demand relative to 2015 building in 2016?
Matthew O. Maddox - President: Yeah, sure. Maurice?
Maurice Wooden - President, Wynn Las Vegas, Wynn Resorts Ltd.: Yes. So, going forward as we look at the rest of this year, I think we'll be up slightly. I would say we're probably within 5% to 7% with respect to growth on our ADR. Going back to the point that Stephen made on the non-gaming side, the second quarter actually was our best non-gaming revenue quarter ever in the Wynn Las Vegas history. And so, we feel that there is steady growth within all operational areas that are non-gaming. And again, as Steve pointed out, the only issue that we have here with respect to trying to forecast would be the international volatility on the gaming side.
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: And is a range of 5% to 7% a reasonable expectation for next year based on what you've got on the books already?
Maurice Wooden - President, Wynn Las Vegas, Wynn Resorts Ltd.: It is.
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Okay. That's great. Thanks.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Felicia Hendrix of Barclays.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Good afternoon. Thank you. Steve, you just talked about the policy change in Macau, or some of the policy changes, and how gratified you are that the government seems to be listening to the operators, which is certainly a positive. But I'm curious regarding specifically the transit visa change, have you seen or do you expect to see any improvement in demands from that? And then also, do you think the current volatility in the Chinese stock market and slowing economy there could have an impact on demand in Macau?
Stephen Alan Wynn - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: What an interesting question. My colleagues in China can tell you the visa aspect. The stock market question I'll deal with. What do you say about the visas, Linda? Gamal? How do you feel about that?
Gamal Aziz - President, Wynn Macau, Limited, Wynn Resorts Ltd.: We're hearing  Steve, the area that we're having the most growth is in the mid-tier of our mass business, and in conversations with a lot of our marketing executives that they're saying that in the last couple of months since the relaxation of the visa, that they've seen an increase in the volume from that particular tier that Ian called the business class. So, it seems to be working, but only for that segment of the market.
Stephen Alan Wynn - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: With regard to the stock market, the government in an attempt to stop a sell-off, imposed restrictions on people's ability to trade securities. I am not an expert on China and I'm not even a Wall Street expert, but I am a person who's been in a public company for 40 years. And my own experience, had I been consulted, I would've said don't do that exactly because if someone thinks that you're going to close the door on their ability to sell or trade their shares, you can only do that for a certain length of time and then the minute you finish doing it, the people scamper for the door because there's a loss of trust. So, interfering with the markets tend to produce  is counterproductive. It tends to accentuate people's insecurity which leads to selling. So, I hope that they're relaxing that, they're backing out of that, and I hope they do it more affirmatively for the sake of the market. Now, that's not really my concern because, our stock can trade at level A or level B. We don't pay very much attention to our stock price per se, we pay attention to the underlying performance of the company, and those factors associated with performance that are within our control, which is why every week we grind on everything in this building from the use of every square foot of our real estate and our structures, to our plans for the future. But the stock price and other stock prices in China have been subject to some great volatility lately, and I don't know that shutting the door on trading is a long-term healthy move. But, again, I'm not part of the planning people that run such things, and I know that historically that sort of thing has produced the opposite effect that it attempts to create.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Maybe, Gamal, have you heard from any  or Linda, have you heard from any of your people if the activities there are having an effect on demand at all?
Gamal Aziz - President, Wynn Macau, Limited, Wynn Resorts Ltd.: Not from our team, Felicia. But you're hearing in the market that all these margin calls that are taking place are going to affect the junkets and their ability to collect the junkets themselves. Some of them were involved in the market. But all of this is in my opinion just short-term noise. And I don't think it's going to have any long-term effect.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay, great. That's helpful. And then, Steve, just as my follow-up, I'm just wondering if you can update us on the latest of what you're hearing from Japan? Are you getting the sense that gaming legislation could be closer?
Stephen Alan Wynn - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Matt was there two weeks ago. I'll let him answer.
Matthew O. Maddox - President: I think that they have a lot of very complicated legislative issues in Japan, and that the Integrated Resort Bill is not at the top of the list. It's important to the LDP, but there are things that are much more important, so I still am in the wait-and-see mode.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. Thanks, Matt.
Operator: Our next question comes from Thomas Allen of Morgan Stanley.
Thomas G. Allen - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hey, good afternoon. So in the past few months there's been some speculation in the press about potential M&A in the gaming space. So, just like to hear your thoughts about the potential of M&A in gaming and maybe Wynn's appetite to participate? Thanks.
Stephen Alan Wynn - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Our approach to that issue is very simple to explain. Any time that a construction project, a change in operating procedure or an acquisition or a merger would result in a stronger company at the conclusion of such a transaction, we are very interested in it, we discuss it extensively and then follow through if it's appropriate. As we sit here today, we've never had such a opportunity presented to us that we thought was acceptable. That doesn't mean that at some point in the future such a thing couldn't happen, or that such an M&A, to use your term, a merger and acquisition, would make sense. But big for the sake of big is not a thing that I subscribe to, as you know, and I've said so before. We have a certain kind of a brand. It is flexible and adjustable for sure. But on the other hand, I'm more interested about tomorrow's newspaper than yesterday's newspaper. And we do a certain thing very well. We build and develop projects that usually room for room, inch for inch, pound for pound outperform the neighbors. The best place to see that at the present time is Las Vegas. As far as Cotai goes and Macau, when we open Wynn Palace, we're going to get a much more interesting comparison about the performance of the horses in the race. We're about to enter the starting gate in Cotai in a few months and then we're going to have a real interesting turn around the track. But, as far as today, M&A is the kind of option that of course always exists. I mean for a price you can buy anything, I suppose, and some people find it in their mutual best interests to join up from time to time, because the net result is that two and two equals five. But really it has to be two and two equals five. If two and two equals four, it seems to me a lot of trouble for nothing. I'd rather build our own stuff. Is that a helpful answer to you?
Thomas G. Allen - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: It is. Thank you.
Stephen Alan Wynn - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I don't have anything to report today. We're not involved with any active discussions at the moment. We talk about everything among ourselves, of course.
Thomas G. Allen - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thanks.
Operator: The next question comes from Robin Farley.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Securities LLC: Great. Thanks. I wonder if you could give a view for the opening of Wynn Palace. I understand that you have the workers there, that you're fully staffed in terms of construction workers. But do you think that given maybe kind of the soft opening post the Galaxy opening that the government may want to further spread out the opening of new supply and new resorts into the market?
Stephen Alan Wynn - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Robin, that question assumes that I know what the government has in terms of its long-term strategy about employment. The only thing I know about the government that we get from them is they really want to see, number one, people who live in Macau being promoted from within, which is of course one of our major goals, and I can say one of our major accomplishments. They want a better life for the people that work in the industry and all of our employees are shareholders in this company, 100% of them. As for whether they want to spread out the openings or they're actively  your suggestion, I guess, means would they do something to delay an opening in order to spread it out?
Robin M. Farley - UBS Securities LLC: Yeah.
Stephen Alan Wynn - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, I've never been told that that was their goal, nor have I ever heard from a third party that they wanted to do that. You could surmise that by restricting the flow of construction workers that it had that effect, but there are similarly other explanations for the amount of construction workers that were parsed out in the past having to do with traffic and congestion and local population being distressed if the streets are overcrowded and things like that. The government is very sensitive to the mood of the public in Macau. They had those demonstrations in Hong Kong and they didn't have any in Macau. And that, of course, is favorably observed by the central government and is one of the major goals of the Chief Executive, Fernando Chui. He wants harmony in the city, and I think that most of the decisions that he's made have been to create that environment. I don't think they've ever tried to stop somebody from opening, and I'd be surprised, Robin, if that philosophy was ever articulated. But it certainly hasn't been to us.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. Thanks.
Stephen Alan Wynn - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Sure.
Operator: And there are no further questions at this time. Do you have any closing remarks?
Stephen Alan Wynn - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: No. Does anybody in the family, Gamal, Linda Chen, Ian, Frank, over in Macau, Maurice do you have anything you'd like to add on behalf of the American operation? Steve Cootey?
Stephen Lawrence Cootey - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Senior VP: No, all finished.
Stephen Alan Wynn - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Kim, on the legal front, do you have...?
Kimmarie Sinatra - Secretary, Executive VP & General Counsel: I have nothing to add.
Stephen Alan Wynn - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: We're hopeful that in Massachusetts at some point in the near future we'll be treated with a little softer hand considering that we're the largest single private investment in the history of the state, and that we're bringing to that town non-casino attractions that have never been around. We've never been a resino or a riverboat operator. We build resorts that are much more extravagant and attractive than they would be were it not for the fact that somewhere down the hall there's a gaming room. But we're basically in the resort business that has casinos included, and what we're bringing to Boston is a destination resort. And as the publicity has shown that we've experienced a little bit of buffeting politically, and we're sort of plowing ahead anyway. We receive encouragement from many quarters in that community, but we get resistance from others because the casinos seem to be such a prize for whatever local community to take advantage of its presence in that community that Boston has been rather critical of us because we weren't in Boston, but we are in Everett. And in Everett, Massachusetts, we once tried to go to Boston, but the  near the convention center when this all started. And the man in charge of conventions said, no, forget it, that property is not available. It was right next door to the convention center. So, Matt, went down the Street to another town, Everett, who are glad to see us, but unfortunately said you're going to have to clean up a chemical dump site in order to do it on the Mystic River. Well, we thought it was worth the trouble, so we went to Everett where 86% of the population was delighted to see us, and voted to say so. And then finally the citizens of Massachusetts in a plebiscite voted to support the legislation that invited a company like ours to Massachusetts. So, the table seem to be set for  the welcome mat seemed to be out. We just haven't found the welcome mat yet, but I'm the internal optimist, and I hoping it'll feel good when they stop hitting us. And I think that's my last comment today. Thanks everybody. Talk to you in 90 days.
Operator: Thank you. This will conclude today's conference call. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2015 Q1  (2015-04-28 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Steve Cootey  Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President and Treasurer Steve Wynn  Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Matt Maddox  President Ian Coughlan  President-Wynn Resorts, Macau Maurice Wooden  President-Wynn, Las Vegas Frank Cassella  Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer-Wynn Macau Gamal Aziz  President-Wynn Macau Kim Sinatra  Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary
Analysts: Carlo Santarelli  Deutsche Bank Thomas Allen  Morgan Stanley Joe Greff  JPMorgan Shaun Kelley  Bank of America Merrill Lynch Steven Kent  Goldman Sachs Felicia Hendrix  Barclays Harry Curtis  Nomura
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, for holding and welcome to the First Quarter 2015 Earnings Call. I would now like to turn the call over to our host, Steve Cootey, Chief Financial Officer, Wynn Resort. Please go ahead.
Steve Cootey: Thank you, and good afternoon. Joining the call on behalf of the company today are Steve Wynn, Matt Maddox, John Strzemp, Kim Sinatra, Maurice Wooden and myself here in Las Vegas. Gamal Aziz, Linda Chen, Ian Coughlan, Frederic Luvisutto, Robert Gansmo and Frank Cassella dialing in from Wynn Macau. Before we get started, I just wanted to remind everyone that we will be making forward-looking statements under the Safe Harbor Federal Securities Law and those statements may or may not come true. With that, Ill going to turn the call over to Mr. Steve Wynn.
Steve Wynn: Well, the numbers in the first quarter are out. I think the trends in Macau were beginning to be very visible in the fourth quarter, but our hopes for an improvement in the Chinese New Year turned out to be incorrect. And the repositioning of the market and the degradation of the volumes in VIP, have continued even into April. Most of my remarks now are going to include what weve seen in the first four months, not just the first three months, because the trends that were clear in January, February and March have continued into April and as we look at the whole year in Las Vegas and Macau, certain simple truths emerge. It is no secret that theres been a change in mainland China in attitudes towards a number of things that have impacted Macau. That has not  nothing has changed since this all began last October. And the depression of the VIP market continues. Business is up 44%, 45% or something like that. It is impossible for us to predict how long that will last. Were not in a position to answer those kinds of questions intelligently. Were only in a position to react intelligently to what we see. We run this company and we have at all times, with a few simple guidelines and principals. Number one, we want to maximize shareholder value for the people that actually own the company. We want to always be able to honor our debts and never have to ask for reconsideration. In order to do that, weve pay careful attention to the capital structure of the company. At the core of the whole discussion is what is the franchise of a business like Wynn Resorts or any of the others in the hospitality business? And its simply guest experience. Guest experience is what creates a better tomorrow and allows us to continue in business, eventually raise our prices to offset the rising cost of business. People that have a good experience tell their friends and they come back again and again. Guest experience is the beginning, the middle and the end of the story. If you accept that as the truth, then of course, guest experience is determined by our employees, the people that actually touch our guests and create that experience. So our attention goes from our balance sheet and our financial condition to maintain flexibility, but also it goes immediately to keeping our workforce stabilized, happy, and proud to be here. Thats the core of our business plan, thats the core of our understanding, and every major decision in this company is determined by those principles alone. Protect the employee attitudes and morale, because they impact and they really create the guest experience. In order to do that, again, our financial condition has to remain flexible, strong and secure. In the 40-odd years Ive been in business, weve never altered a debt or any of that sort of thing, and we dont ever intend to do it. So as we look backwards for the fourth quarter and especially during the last four months, and understand whats happening, both in Las Vegas because of the Asian impact on Baccarat, and we look back and then we extrapolate and try predict the future, or at least understand what most likely will be the future, it is foolhardily and immature and unsophisticated to issue dividends on borrowed money. We only distribute money thats free cash flow based upon our earnings that trail. Therefore, today we lowered the dividend as we have raised it in the past, based upon financial results. We are lowering it today to $0.50 a quarter. And I might add that I and my Board of Directors would not hesitate to adjust the dividend down or up based upon performance, without a second thought and without any apology. Dividends are nothing and  we dont say that because we have a business, that we now have a $0.50 dividends forever. Thats baloney and any company that does that is irresponsible. We distribute the money that we make after we make provisions for capital expenditures and all of our other obligations, to creditors and to our employees. And then we distribute aggressively whatever is free and easy to distribute after that. Now Im speaking on this call as the largest single recipient of such distributions. There is a few institutions that, if you take T. Rowe Price, own more shares collectively, at least for the moment, but theyre in individual pockets. When theres a dividend check in this company, the largest one goes to me. And so I say again, unapologetically as a shareholder and as a Chairman of the Board, we believe that you distribute the money that is free and clear cash flow after youve met all other obligations, and the Board of Directors should consider that principle every time they meet each quarter, as we did this time. And I hope that those comments summarize not only our current attitude, but will allow anybody to predict our future behavior at Wynn Resorts with regard to distributions. We have two projects that are aggressive and ambitious. One of them is a $4 billion Wynn Palace in Macau, which even though weve struggled with adjusting our work schedule on construction to the permissions weve been given for workers on construction by the government, we believe were going to be open at the end of the first quarter next year in March. And Wynn palace will quite simply be the most extravagant and beautiful hotel in the world. 1,700 rooms and I dont think theres ever been anything quite like what were going to show off next year. It took us two years to plan it, its taken four years to build it. Big, long project conceived by people with experience, and I think will be a powerful addition to the Macau market, whatever size that Macau market may be at the moment. We do not know how many tables were going to have. Thats a very difficult uncertainty to adjust to. But nevertheless, it is the uncertainty of the moment as to what the government will do. When we started the project, we had an understanding that the table levels would  that we would need approximately the same amount of tables as we had at the Peninsula Hotel, and nobody objected. But then subsequent to our beginning, the government made an announcement to institute a cap of certain percentage of table increases a year. Theyve said that the allocation of that percentage of extra tables is a decision that they will make based upon a number of factors, and they will weigh such factors and as diversification, non-casino versus casino. The Wynn Palace is the most extravagant exercise in non-casino attractions in Macau. Weve taken entertainment to every restaurant. Weve taken massive public entertainment to the front and dedicated a huge portion of our real estate to public entertainment for tens of millions of dollars, approximately 100 when were done, with just the front lake. So its going be the big photo op for Macau and it will show up next year, hopefully with enough tables to allow it to prosper. Well begin construction this fall in Boston. Weve made most of the financial arrangements to finance those projects. Macau is completely financed. Boston is almost completely financed at very favorable rates with debt that is non-recourse to the parent. And so, the company at the moment is on strong financial footing. I dont know whether, with this change in EBITDA, whether S&P and Moodys will continue our bond rating as favorably as they have in the past. But the fundamental health of the company is perfect and without question, and my intention is to keep it that way, without any qualification to that statement. Now well take questions, and all of the executives in China and Las Vegas are here to get into the detail of these stories. I just wanted to provide the overview. With that, its up and well take questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Carlo Santarelli of Deutsche Bank.
Carlo Santarelli: Youve long been a proponent of having a capital structure that matched the operating environment, so I dont think this necessarily would come as a total surprise. But as you contemplated the dividend and you thought about some of the CapEx expenditures that were coming over the next few years, what kind of drove you to make this decision today? And does it say anything about your view on the outlook for Macau over the next 18 to 24 months, other than just what weve already seen and that it remains very murky?
Matt Maddox: Sure. Hey, Carl, its Matt Maddox. So when we were reviewing this, Steve put it perfectly that we dont plan on dividending out borrowed money. And so, if you look at our payout ratio based on our adjusted earnings per share, what were looking at right now is similar to what we did last year. So thats really the way were looking at the capital structure. And theres so much uncertainty right now in Las Vegas, in Macau, and with our project coming on next year, that were just not going to be dividending borrowed money.
Carlo Santarelli: Understood. Thanks, Matt. And then if I could, just one follow-up on Macau, guys. Was there any differential, or any meaningful differential, between your direct and VIP on the hold side, or what youre saying, maybe a little bit of the cost creep from some of the fixed expenses in the business?
Matt Maddox: No. I would say that there was really no impact from a hold standpoint on margins, and clearly there is a little bit of cost creep. If you look at the fourth quarter for 2014 to the first quarter this year you can see that, and operating expenses today are up around 7%.
Steve Wynn: Our new junket rooms did well. But the other junket operators that werent quite as powerful  I wouldnt say they scavenged the other ones, but the new junket rooms are in the hands of very well-financed operators. So, and the rooms were very well received and theyve been lively and theyve been busy.
Carlo Santarelli: Great. Thank you both.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Thomas Allen of Morgan Stanley.
Thomas Allen: Hi. So two questions on the occupancy. So in Macau, your occupancy held in relatively well. Some of your peers, you saw sizable drops. Can you just talk about your expectations of occupancy trends in Macau going forward especially after we all saw March visitation dropping down significantly? And just second part of the question is just on Vegas. We saw a decline in occupancy, was that a function of just a CON/AGG comp or something else? Thanks.
Steve Wynn: Yes, CON/AGG. Go ahead, Matt.
Matt Maddox: All right. Ian, you want to take the Macau call and Maurice, you can add color in Las Vegas.
Ian Coughlan: Absolutely. We have a slightly different eco climate on the peninsula. We also have a smaller inventory of rooms than the big operators in Cotai. So with 1,000 keys we also had a shift of rooms into our premium mass and mass segment. So we have some new reward programs where were giving approximately 100 rooms a day more to our premium mass and mass areas, where weve been able to grow a mid-section of our Mass business very nicely despite the downturn in business. So weve utilized the inventory where the business is. So weve kept our occupancy virtually the same as last year.
Maurice Wooden: So, in Las Vegas the first quarter, we saw a lot of compression with Convention business in the month of January where there was a lot of opportunity. We just didnt have all the room inventory. So where you have a lot of business that really was interested in being in Las Vegas during that month. As opposed to the previous year we were spread out throughout February and March as well. Of course you had mentioned March as far as CON/AGG and Con Ex [ph], and that was a big impact for us from a revenue perspective as well as from a room [ph] perspective.
Steve Wynn: While youre at it, Maurice.
Maurice Wooden: Yes.
Steve Wynn: How do you see May and June and the summer at this point for Las Vegas?
Maurice Wooden: Well, for April and May, we have a strong base and stable base of convention as well as leisure mix. Summers going to be interesting. Were starting to see summer trends not pick up the same way they did in previous year. So were paying very close attention to the market. And what were getting as indicators as far as the summer business but it does not seem as strong at this point as it was last year.
Steve Wynn: And business in April, compare business in April compared to business in March.
Maurice Wooden: Aprils business is much better than March. A lot more stable. The base is more equalized with respect to the different segments that are filling our rooms here. And so we had a better convention base, better mix.
Steve Wynn: But in terms of the whole operation in Las Vegas, the EBITDA decline that weve been seeing continues.
Maurice Wooden: It does.
Steve Wynn: If you were to ask me, since were making forward-looking statements, what will the second quarter look like in Las Vegas? Weak. Do you hear me? Weak. So Im trying to lower expectations here. This notion of a big recovery is a complete dream. I dont think Las Vegas is experiencing a great recovery. I think its still very patchy and I think that thats probably our non-casino revenue in the first quarter was flat. Id be thrilled if it was flat in the second quarter. Wouldnt you, Maurice?
Maurice Wooden: I would be.
Steve Wynn: Yeah, can you hear that? Heres two of us saying wed be thrilled if non-casino revenue was flat in the second quarter as it was in the first. My guess is that thats going be a struggle.
Thomas Allen: So what do you think is driving it? As you think about the summer is it the strengthening U.S. dollar? Is it something else? And then, Im just going to sneak in one more question. When you talked about Cotai Palace opening up or being prepared to open up in March of next year. Can you give us an update on the labor allocation? I think there was some issue with that last quarter? And Im done. Thank you.
Steve Wynn: Well, on our labor allocation, we got less than we asked for, then we appealed and they gave us some more. Then we made another application and they gave us less than we asked for and we appealed that. Im not sure how exactly the process works in the calculations that are done at the labor department in Macau. These jobs after all are people from mainland China just on the other side of the fence. But theres pressure locally, the locals dont want the streets too crowded or something. They put pressure on the local government officials and they respond, theyre very sensitive to local pressure. So it leaves us in a bit of a quandary. We never know quite what to expect these days. And uncertainty, for our employees were beginning to notice that our, we have the lowest. Let me start over on this. In that town where theres a 25% to 30% turnover rate, our company stands alone with a current rate of 8%. All of last year was 11%. We have  our employees are very sticky. They like us, they stay with us. Thats a big advantage when youre building a new property. However, every one of our employees in Macau is a shareholder of Wynn Macau. And theyre counting on the cumulated dividends, the value of those shares, as their basic savings. The current situation in Macau is threatening them, and unfortunately Im not in a position to protect them from the exposures attendant to the changes that have been brought about in the marketplace. We try and deal with that as we build the new place. But theres no question that uncertainty is the plaguing word of the day in Macau. And hopefully, our government in Macau will calm that down and put some certainty back into the picture, and thatll be very important to the employees who are basically Macau citizens. But theyre beginning to feel these rumbles and I fear that, that may erupt into protests against the government if it isnt settled soon.
Thomas Allen: And sorry, just following up on my first question. What do you think is driving the weakness during the summer in Las Vegas? Is it the stronger U.S. dollar? Is it fewer fly out of China? And then again, Im done after that. Thank you.
Steve Wynn: Both of the two things that you just mentioned are in play. And secondly or thirdly, the recovery in America is a jobless recovery in real terms. And inflation in America in real terms is an enormous number. So I think that the general economic recovery in the United States has been grossly overstated. And were an echo of that here in Las Vegas as one of Americas main destination resort cities. And all of you get to hear these kinds of comments from other public companies that are engaged in this business, and I think a pictures beginning to emerge. Next question.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joe Greff of JPMorgan.
Joe Greff: Good afternoon, everybody. Maybe just a difficult question to answer, Steve, and I think you touched on it in a couple of answers here. But do you think the Macau government cares if the new projects that are opening in Cotai over the next few years, if those new projects cannibalize the existing base of casino hotels? Particularly if that generates disruption to social harmony locally in Macau? How do those topics of conversation, how do they go when you potentially bring that up as a topic of conversation with the government there?
Steve Wynn: What a great question. And first of all, it will impact social harmony. But I  the government officials are balancing, I think at this point, a lot of issues that have emanated from Beijing, and also emanate from their own population. How they walk that tightrope and what their decisions are, are at the moment unpredictable to us. Because were  we cant sit in their  we cant stand in their shoes. We dont really know how much pressure they feel in different areas. We hear their public statements and we certainly enjoy private conversations with them, but they tend to be very formal. Theyre never critical on anything directly. When they want something, they make requests. Its a very civilized process. But theres no question that the atmosphere has changed and become cloudier in terms of predictability and consistency, its definitely become cloudy. They had a press conference, one of the new ministers as part of this government that, I mean made a statement from the legislature that the light rail system, which has been under development for five years that Im aware of or six years, they dont have any idea exactly when itll be finished or what its going to cost. Im sure that was a painful thing for the man to say exact words. You cannot excuse the unexcusable. Im here just to apologize. Well, if thats going on at the highest levels of the government in Macau, you can imagine how  what happens as it filters down to those of us who arent of the resort industry. So I dont know if Im being very helpful in passing on my impressions, but Im doing the best I can.
Joe Greff: Great. And then I have a quick question following up on your other crystal-clear comments on the Las Vegas Strip. If you were to look at the non-Chinese resort Baccarat player, is that segment on the Las Vegas Strip relatively healthier or in good shape?
Matt Maddox: I would say that its just not necessarily healthier. I would again look at the same trends that we have with respect to far east market. I think that they are paying close attention to traveling over here and whether they should or whether they shouldnt. So its  if thats a measurable, its a little different than watching our high-end play.
Steve Wynn: Were going have a  were having this call today on the eve of the upcoming Pacquiao fight and Mayweather fight. And this, in my 40-odd years in this town, this is a one-off. I have never seen madness and demand of this sort. This fight is probably going to break all records for pay-per-view. It certainly is breaking all records in what theyre getting for tickets. We have never charged more than $1,500 for a ringside seat in a fight and theyre going for $10,000, and then $7,500 for the medium range, and then $5,000 for the ones in the upper tier, an outrageous amount of money. Mayweather and Pacquiao are going to not only have to have a fight, but theyre probably going to have to do a chorus line or something to justify the cost of this. But our room rates are at $1,300, $1,400, $1,500 for typical rooms, and you cant get a room in this town. Ive never seen anything like it even with Hagler fought Leonard, Ali, nothing like this. And theres a lot of Baccarat business coming to town this weekend, a ton of it. So were going to have one of these New Years Eve, Chinese New Year pumps. But Im trying to give an overview here of whats really going on in terms of the tempo of the city here, and I think we ought to keep our eye on the long view as opposed to the short view.
Joe Greff: Thank you for your thoughts.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Shaun Kelley of Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Shaun Kelley: Hey. Good afternoon, everyone. Just to circle back to the dividend philosophy for a quick second, Matt, you mentioned I think in response to another question, the idea of basically a payout ratio as it relates to your current earnings per share. And I was wondering, is that something that we should look to as sort of a guidepost for this? And how often should we think that the dividend will be re-evaluated? Is it a quarterly thing or is it going to be, kind of, this is what you think you need to get through Cotai from here?
Steve Wynn: Well, Im going to answer. Its Steve. It is quarterly reviewed. We said $0.50 a share because we thought that was a relevantly stable number, couple hundred million dollars. If we do $1 billion in EBITDA or something like that, we probably have $400 in free cash flow. Right, Matt?
Matt Maddox: Yes.
Steve Wynn: And so we said, well, we could safely say half of that. We could have said $3.00 instead of $2.00 a year. But I decided that until we get a clearer picture of this, I was going to try to avoid another reduction if I could. But I want to make it clear, Mr. Kelley. I wouldnt think twice if there was another big change in changing it every quarter. Up or down. Make no mistake about it. We do not feel it is an appropriate prudent management to make promises about distribution in a business that fluctuates. Now that may be bad news to some investors who would prefer to know that it just comes off like clockwork, but this is not that kind of a company. And its never really going to be that kind of a company. Well get bigger. I think well do fine with Cotai as a percentage of return on its investment. I think well do great in Boston as a percentage of return on its investment. And therefore, the company will grow and the available cash flow will increase hopefully. And so will our dividends, because were a distribution company. But at the moment  I mean, one of the benefits of the fact that we are a distribution company is that we distributed billions of dollars to our shareholders. Thats good news. But its not an inherent promise of a fixed amount of money. Its only an inherent promise of our approach to the problem. Hear me on this. Therell be no change in that attitude while Im sitting in my chair.
Shaun Kelley: Got it. I think thats crystal clear. And then I guess a second question, and this is certainly changing topics a little bit, was I noticed in the release that when you look at the mix in the mass business, and what you saw during the quarter, look at the whole ratio was up. Its always been hard to read those numbers, particularly in recent times. But my question is, did you guys see more of a shift to premium mass in the quarter? Or was it pretty balanced between what you saw in sort of, the more grind mass and the higher-end part of mass? Just kind of curious to what you guys saw throughout the quarter.
Steve Wynn: Linda or Frank in Macau, I know its late or early. You want to pick up on that?
Frank Cassella: Sure. We  as Ian said earlier, weve been able to take a lot of the rooms away from junkets and reallocate those to the mass, specifically the mid-tier mass that we saw. We definitely saw some improvement in the mid-tier mass. Over half of our rooms are now allocated to the mass, and that way  and we were able to realize benefits from that.
Shaun Kelley: Great. Thank you, everyone.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven Kent of Goldman Sachs.
Steven Kent: Hi. Good afternoon.
Steve Wynn: Bet, I noticed that you upgraded us today. And then, did you do it in spite of this call?
Steven Kent: Actually just to be clear, it was my counterpart in Hong Kong who did it. Not me.
Steve Wynn: Okay.
Steven Kent: So well be sure to wake him up. So just, I guess, a question. Given so much uncertainty in Macau and Vegas, why not scale back the project or delay the project in Boston? Why not do the same thing in Macau? Why  maybe you need to slow that down?
Steve Wynn: Hold on. We cant slow it down. Its being finished. And theres bank obligations. You cant slow it down in Macau. The building is sitting there. The skin is on. Theyre getting ready to fill the lake. Staff is hired. I dont suspect that were going to lose money in Macau, if thats your  if youre wanting me to draw that inference. I dont  Im not implying...
Steven Kent: No, it...
Steve Wynn: I dont want you to infer that. Boston, we have made hard and fast commitments to the Gaming Commission in Massachusetts. These things are really  youre very much handcuffed in what you say and what youre required to do in these conditions, when you go before these regulatory agencies such as Massachusetts. You dont get much wiggle room. You could certainly make sure you have complete drawings at hard and fast numbers on the cost of the project, even if it takes an extra few months to get the drawings done, and we surely will do that.
Steven Kent: And  but then it sounds like, Steve, that you have a much more bullish long-term view on Macau, a much more bullish view on the domestic market.
Steve Wynn: I do.
Steven Kent: So...
Steve Wynn: I do.
Steven Kent: Oh.
Steve Wynn: Absolutely.
Steven Kent: So why dont you lay that out for people? Because I think theres going to be a lot of anxiety tomorrow that a guy like you whos been around for a while and is pretty thoughtful, is cutting his dividend and is talking about how terrible things are, yet is also spending quite a bit of money because you truly believe in the long-term market in Macau and in Massachusetts. So why dont you layout why thats the case?
Steve Wynn: Okay. First of all, my comments on the dividend are irrelevant to the moment. They just explain how we approach distributions, and I think that applies in good times and in hard times as well. In terms of my long-term view, what I object to very often is this unrelenting attempt of CEOs and their agencies in these calls to try and support the stock price with rosy predictions that do not come through. What Im interested in accomplishing when we have these phone calls is to build up a structure of trustworthiness and predictability about the way we run the company. In order to do that, I have to be very candid about what we see and the conditions that we find ourselves in. And I dont know any other way to handle this and still be true to the notion of creating consistency in the way people perceive the managements common sense and my Board of Directors common sense. Incidentally, all of us are totally unanimous on this and this approach. If I start to talk about, dont worry about all this. The long-term is going be great, although my instincts tell me that that has to be true. I mean after all, President Xi Jinping, he instituted this campaign against corruption based upon his explicit explanation that he felt that there was a perception in the billion, 300 million Chinese that government officials were corrupt. Of course they were members of the Communist Party and that this corruption undermined the publics faith in its government. And therefore, he was bound and determined to change that, period. And he set out on this campaign and if were to believe the South China Morning Post, the leading newspaper of south China in Hong Kong that thousands upon thousands of public officials have been brought up on accusations of misconduct of varying degrees. Starting at the political bureau, itself, which is unprecedented and descending all the way down the chain of command to local governments. If this observation is accurate then Xi Jinping is doing the right thing for the right reason. Now does that create a new norm? I dont know. People like to use phrases like that the new norm. Newspaper people love to be able to make far reaching and categorical statements. Theyre irresponsible when they do that. There are no far reaching and categorical statements but we know this, the only reason that President Xi Jinping did this was to strengthen public confidence in his government. His speeches in Macau in December was unequivocal. He supports the continuing prosperity and the diversification, like our new resort, of the offerings for tourism and other industries in Macau. He was unequivocal in that statement. And he has begun to take steps in mainland China to privatize and to make the government-owned companies either more responsive to the public or to change them to private. If the Communist Party and its leadership are dedicated to a peaceful growing and harmonious China, then its hard to believe that they would do anything to sabotage one of their key possessions, Macau, going forward or Hong Kong for that matter. And for that reason, one can be very positive about the long-term future of China and its special administrative regions of Hong Kong and Macau. I look at that big picture to draw my confidence in our participation and hopefully our long-term participation there as agents of development and change, as visitors and guests of that country to bring about positive results. So theres my long-term view and the reason for it. But these short-term implications are significant. Weve lost half the province. You go from making $4 million a day to $2 million a day. Now considering that the success weve had in Macau, $2 million a day, would be terrific anywhere else. But compared to the unbelievable events of the past few years, it seems morbid. Its not morbid. Am I being responsive to you? Have I explained it?
Steven Kent: Yeah.
Steve Wynn: Why I tend to talk about what we see and what we think, and Im trying to deal with the next six or eight months and its hard to do. Ive been doing this for 40-odd years. I have to tell you, and I talk to Sheldon. Were very good friends. Its hard for us. Its hard for Rob Goldstein and the rest of the people, our neighbors next door. Who are up to their eyebrows in development investments in China? Theyve noticed it in Singapore as well. And then we hear that finally it appears the Japanese are going to pass  are on the threshold of passing a study bill. Weve always been told that if they werent going to do it, they wouldnt have a study bill in the diet. But now it turns out theres going be a study bill it appears this week. We spent  I spent the day yesterday with a deputation from Osaka, the whole day yesterday with Osaka. And they were here touring all the hotels. So theres a lot of good news and I love our opportunity in Boston. Were going to build them the first really grand hotel in the city with nonstop service from every major capital in Europe, Latin America, Beijing, Hong Kong and Shanghai. So I dont want to stop anything, but I want to build them carefully with as much insight that we can gain from our 40 odd years of successful experience. Weve never had a failure in this industry. Weve never hit a real bump. We dont do layoffs.
Steven Kent: Thanks.
Steve Wynn: Okay.
Operator: Your next question comes from the lean of Felicia Hendrix of Barclays.
Felicia Hendrix: Hi. Thank you for taking my question. Im directing this to Linda and Ian, but its also for you Steve. And Steve, I realize that in your prepared remarks you said that you cant address this intelligently given the uncertainty. But I really do want to hear how youre all thinking about the deceleration in VIP, GGR and premium mass as you try to run your business and budget for the future? I mean certainly you must have your own forecast and assumptions for when this acceleration flows, even bottoms up. I get this question all the time from investors. I know you get this question, but considering you have your finger on the pulse of this market a lot more than I do. I really do want to hear your thoughts.
Steve Wynn: Linda. Linda Chen?
Matt Maddox: Steve, Lindas in the air traveling, drumming up business.
Steve Wynn: Okay. Then you and Gamal can take this one. I think youre talking about China right?
Felicia Hendrix: Correct.
Steve Wynn: Okay. Lets hear it from Macau.
Gamal Aziz: Felicia, I think  this is Gamal. Basically the opportunity that we have in the decline of the VIP business has opened a window for us to attract more of the premium and general mass to the property which you have seen in the first quarter, and it actually continues in April. It opened up more room inventory and it allowed us to invite some of our premium and middle tier of the premium market. And as you saw, the market declined about 27%. Wynn Macau declined only by 6% or 7%. So were making inroads in that category in that segment of the market. I think thats going to continue. Every time we have an opportunity in the decline of the VIP well open it up for the more aspirational premium and general mass. So I think thats a balance thats going to continue until there is a stabilization on the VIP front. Whether that lasts until the second or third or fourth quarter, we will have the flexibility to fill in the room with mass and premium mass customers.
Steve Wynn: Thats what we  the President of China expressed as has the Chief Executive, Fernando Choy [ph], the repetition of the desire for the diversification of the offerings in the city. Wynn Palace is primarily a non-casino attraction. Billions of dollars of the $4 billion are dedicated to non-casino attractions. It becomes, in a few months when weve filled in the lake and turn on the fountains, and the condolers start to flow, it will be the photo op in China. Just as the Bellagio was. It will be the photo op in China. If that isnt diversification then I need a new lesson in the use of language. But we have followed the guidelines of the government religiously in diversifying the offerings that we have. And in private conversations with the government Ive raised the question of further diversification and Im awaiting their response. The government is tentative at best in responding to us. I think thats a reflection of a little bit of their own uncertainty under the circumstances. I repeat again. The tentativeness of the government is a reflection of their own uncertainty, I believe, in many respects, as far as predicting where to go tomorrow or in the near future. Theres a new boss in China, Xi Jinping, and his agenda is something that everybody is adjusting to. Hes a very dynamic man. He enjoys enormous popularity among the people of China. And in China, the people matter. And so, everybodys waiting and watching.
Felicia Hendrix: Steve, do you think that theres a risk as the new properties open this year, if they dont grow the market? We talked about social harmony a few questions ago. Do you think that theres a risk if the new properties that open dont grow the market, the properties that are slated to open in 2016 could get delayed?
Steve Wynn: I dont know the answer to that question. I dont know how youd delay Wynn Palace without causing major social disruption in the city. All of these people, their shares, their jobs, their future, these are Macau people, are sitting in anticipation of that event. Theres never been a hotel at this scale in Macau. And as big as Venetian is, Wynn Palace is a $4 billion hotel. Now, that money was very carefully spent. And you say it slowly, 1,700 rooms, $4 billion. This is a fancy piece of business. It is a destination-creating  it creates more of a destination for Macau from people from far away. Remember, growth in a market, the phrase Ive used before, tourism is all about bringing people from over there to over here. And the way you bring people from over there to over here, is to make sure that whats here is better than what is over there. That simplistic three sentences I just said, are at the heart of the way weve designed and created, based upon 43 years of unparalleled construction. Every project weve ever done has changed the market. We decided that we were going to try and do that again in Macau, and we took our time as you know with the Palace. And it represents our very best effort. The city benefits from that, in its appeal to the outside world, to bring folks from outside China and from all over the Pacific Rim to Macau, just as the other buildings that have been built by Galaxy and by Melco and by Venetian have done that. The growth of that market, its positioned as a destination in Asia, is the most phenomenal modern development in the last 50 years. Why anyone would want to tamper with that or undermine it, flies in the face of all the logic that we have been discussing for the past several minutes. But can there be social disruption? For sure. The public and the citizens of Macau have been brought to a higher level of income and a higher level of expectation, and they dont hesitate to express themselves publicly on the subject. The government is now currently awaiting and hoping there wont be any May demonstrations. Just like America, everybody has high hopes and everybody gets a little spoiled at times, and they want what they want when they want it. And all we do is try and service this expectation as best we can, with the help of the government hopefully.
Felicia Hendrix: Hopefully. Last just very quick, housekeeping, Matt or Marc, just what were the number of tables in Macau in the end of the quarter in mass and VIP? In the release you gave the average number, but if you could give us the end-of-quarter number that would be helpful.
Steve Wynn: Who in my family knows the answer to that question? Felicia, would you repeat the question, please?
Felicia Hendrix: Hi. Yeah, the number of tables in Macau  the number of mass tables, the number of VIP tables at the end of the quarter. In the release it was just  given the average was given.
Steve Wynn: It was 215 mass and 252 VIP.
Felicia Hendrix: Thank you.
Steve Wynn: Thats in our hotel.
Felicia Hendrix: Yes.
Steve Wynn: Oh, I thought you meant for the city.
Felicia Hendrix: Okay. Well, the 252 in the release it says its the average number. Its because you opened up the renovated part of the casino at the end of the quarter thats why Im just trying to see what the numbers are.
Steve Wynn: Theyre constantly being adjusted, as you know. As Gamal [indiscernible]. One of the interesting  Im sorry. Go ahead, Ian.
Ian Coughlan: I was going to say, we think that we havent just woken up and thought we need to reconfigure the floor. Weve been reconfiguring between mass and VIP now for nine to 12 months. We continue to do that and its part of our plan going forward. So were constantly reenergizing areas of the casino. The two new VIP rooms are under construction for eight months. It closed down a big section of the casino. We had a lot of disturbance for six months. Now we have a fully operating casino again. But we have future plans as well for the mass casino. Well continue to recalibrate it and balance between VIP and mass.
Steve Wynn: Heres a point of interest. When we designed the palace, it was going to have a spectacularly dramatic front area with the fountains, and the gondolas, and everything else. And, of course, it was going be serviced by the light rail. It was going to stop right in the middle of our front area. Well, whether it stops now or later is irrelevant to the fact that we had to answer the question, what do we put on the lake? Well, we put major restaurants and then we put VIP rooms. Each of them, and our pool, and our recreation area all look over the lake. The gondolas pass over and look at the recreational area of the hotel from about 30 feet up and about 30 feet out over the water. Its quite dramatic. And theres music in the gondolas, and air conditioning in the gondolas as people experience this, to use a Disney term, this e-ride. Now we decided to put VIP rooms on the lake and each one of them have balconies. Well you know theres been a crackdown on smoking thats very aggressive by the government. Theres no misunderstanding their intention or their rationale for such things. And our job is to accept those decisions, regardless of our own opinions about those decisions. Frankly, the air inside our hotel is better than the air outside our hotel. But notwithstanding that truth, we were able to take the mass area and some of our regular gaming and put it in these areas on the lake which means that these tables can take three steps and be outside on a smoking balcony. It was unintended consequences but it tends mitigate the impact of the smoking ban, because all of these areas around the lake have terraces that are open-aired and will allow visitors to smoke if thats their pleasure. And so theres a little silver lining to the smoking cloud. We have an advantage that our competitors dont enjoy in regard to that fact. Just a little piece of business thats interesting about as you reallocate space.
Felicia Hendrix: Thank you.
Steve Wynn: Anybody else want to step up here?
Operator: And your next question is from the line of Harry Curtis with Nomura.
Harry Curtis: Hi, guys.
Steve Wynn: Hi.
Harry Curtis: Hi, Steve. Steve or Ian, if you could give us an update on the infrastructure thats needed to accommodate the 10 to 12 million visitors that are required to generate double-digit returns in Macau. Youve touched on the light rail system. Are you hearing anything about when that might be operational? And then were hearing different things about the bridge. If you could cover the map on that.
Steve Wynn: The light rail system is a question mark, according to the secretary and his testimony before the ledge Coe. Having covered that, we can turn now to the bridge. Ian and Gamal, whats the latest on our bridge construction? When I was there a little while ago, the construction, you can look from helicopter and see it clearly enough.
Gamal Aziz: The latest estimate on the bridge, Steve, there are some media reports that its not going to be done until 2020. We asked someone high in government and they said thats not correct that it should be done by the end of 2017. So thats the latest information. But thats a moving target for these people.
Ian Coughlan: Theres different responsibilities Steve with different governments. The Macau side may very well be ready but on the Hong Kong side they have some big reclaimed land infrastructure to take care of. So were depending on three parties, mainland China, Macau, and Hong Kong to get the bridge finished. The number as Gamal said, the year as Gamal said is around 2020. Thats pretty much the latest that weve heard.
Steve Wynn: There you have it.
Harry Curtis: Okay. Steve. The last question that I had was if you could discuss whatever issues in Everett that still need to be resolved? Years ago there used to be environmental issues. Are there environmental drillings that have to happen? What about the dispute with the city of Boston? Just any update on those would be terrific?
Matt Maddox: Sure. So were continuing to move forward in our master permitting process and were making a lot of progress with MEPA and the department of transportation. Weve performed all the drilling and testing on site.
Steve Wynn: Tell them who MEPA is.
Matt Maddox: Its the Massachusetts Environmental Protection Agency.
Steve Wynn: Okay.
Matt Maddox: And what they do is they will issue sort of a master permit before you can continue to move forward. That process will likely continue for another six months. As we go through all of our permitting, and as Steve said, hopefully well be breaking ground some time by the end of the year in Everett. So were making a lot of progress on that front.
Steve Wynn: Build it in 2016 and 2017 and hopefully get it open at the end of 2017, or close to it. We had to make some changes in the plan to accommodate as weve learned this year, the weather. And so weve revisited our project to make sure we had adequate snow melt and the proper disposition of snow when it accumulates so as not to interfere with business. And again remember you cant just push the snow into the mystic river. Thats against the law. You have to store the water. You have to deal with snow when it melts. And weve accommodated all of those things. Its a new challenge for us. It was very interesting to do. I spent several months with my colleague Derrida Butler with whom I designed these hotels, and weve made changes to ensure that even if theres a blizzard youll be able to turn off Alfred Street and be on dry pavement as you go to our port cashers or our garage. Im very high on the Boston project. And see no reason to say anything else. But timing will depend upon Massachusetts substantial and formidable regulatory hurdles. Heres a project between $1.5 billion and $2 billion that has 300 odd million dollars. Matt, why dont you put a fine point to this. Hear this now, this is very interesting. In order to build something that is the largest employer, private employer, in the state of Massachusetts that will contribute more jobs and more revenue to the state than anything theyve seen in decades. How much money have we spent that is not going into the project itself Matt? Just to get into the position to build?
Matt Maddox: Just to get into the position to build? So weve spent $200 million to date on the project. And we do not plan on breaking ground until the end of the year. I think we probably have another $100 million to go this year, Steve, with remediation and various fees that we know to the Massachusetts gaming commissions. I think well spend $300 million before we break ground.
Steve Wynn: Fixing streets and the related in the neighboring communities, working on traffic resolution, environmental, and other things, the hurdle is substantial, and thats what it takes to build a grand hotel in Massachusetts. Welcome to the regulated businesses of America. The [indiscernible] and bureaucratic challenges are [indiscernible] and this doesnt just apply to our industry. It applies to all businesses. And at one point  investors and citizens can take note of this. As they clamor for more jobs, they clamor for more governmental support, think of the jumps that private enterprise has to make in order to get the job done. Its daunting. You can quit, retire, or you can keep up the effort, in the hopes that these energies are rewarded at the end of the day by patronage. It requires a bit of both. It just [indiscernible]. But I guess were true believers around here, so off we go, onward and upward, excelsior. How satisfying is that to the group on this call? Youve got to have a sense of humor about this stuff, ladies and gentlemen. I imagine Sheldons listening and hes chuckling at this moment.
Matt Maddox: Okay. Thanks, everyone. That was good.
Steve Wynn: Do you have any other  do you have another question? Or does that put  I would point to it. Thats and I dont know if I think [indiscernible].
Kim Sinatra: Wish we had a lot of time.
Matt Maddox: Yes, and were  were over the hour now so thanks, everyone for calling in.
Steve Wynn: See you later.
Operator: Thank you for your participation. This does conclude todays conference call. And you may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q4  (2015-02-03 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Steve Wynn  Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer Steve Cootey  Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President and Treasurer John Strzemp  Executive Vice President and Chief Administrative Officer Ian Coughlan  President-Wynn Resorts-Macau Gamal Aziz  President-Wynn Macau, Limited Matt Maddox  President
Analysts: Joe Greff  J.P. Morgan Shaun Kelley  Bank of America Merrill Lynch Felicia Hendrix  Barclays Capital Carlo Santarelli  Deutsche Bank Steven Kent  Goldman Sachs Thomas Allen  Morgan Stanley Harry Curtis  Nomura Robin Farley  UBS Chris Jones - Union Gaming
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Wynn Resorts Fourth Quarter 2014 Earnings Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks there will be a question-and-answer session [Operator Instructions] I would now turn the call over to Steve Cootey, CFO and Treasurer. Please go ahead sir.
Steve Cootey: Thank you and good afternoon. Joining the call on behalf of the company today are Steve Wynn, Matt Maddox, John Strzemp, Kim Sinatra, Maurice Wooden and myself here in Las Vegas. Gamal Aziz, Ian Coughlan, Frederic Luvisutto, Robert Gansmo, and Frank Cassella dialing in from Wynn Macau. Before we get started, I just wanted to remind everyone that we will be making forward-looking statements under the Safe Harbor Federal Securities Law and those statements may or may not come true. And with that I wanted to turn the over to Mr. Wynn.
Steve Wynn: I hope everybody can hear us today. Weve issued our earnings, which I dont think surprised anybody. I know that in Macau everybody follows the margins and the weekly casino numbers. January last year was a month in which we had extremely low hold percentage and this year we had a high hold percentage. So surprisingly we made more money in Macau in January, for example, than we did a year-ago. Our business for the year looked great, but the fourth quarter was tough, since golden week in October. The effects of the changes in China have had a negative effect on all of the top end business, whether that means retail top-end like Rolex and Louis Vuitton or whether were talking about the high-end gaming in junkets and the VIP sections. We looked at the fourth quarter and the drop in VIP business, and then we looked at the first month of this year anticipating the kinds of question we will get today, and we ask ourselves, its January where there any indications in January of a change. And in terms of the VIP business, no, turn was oft by 40 odd percent and the occupancy was high, because only we only have a 1,000 rooms in Macau and therefore, we still had occupancy it was more of our mass occupancy, a little more than the VIP occupancy, but the hotel was full. Things like Louis Vuitton, Christian Dior and Rolex were off as they were in the fourth quarter during January, even though we made $5 million, or $6 million or $7 million more than we did last year. Amusing January because we know the results of this first month and in January, we were able to make $80 odd million instead of $70 odd million. In Las Vegas, so there was, excuse me, if I can stick with Macau for a moment, there was one change, without any adjustment for whole percentage, but making normal whole percentage comparisons, which we had last January and this January our mass business was up 26%. Slots were off by 16% or 18%, but a lot of our slot business is very top end oriented. So it reflected the kind of diminution of business that we saw at the tables at the high-end. Mass business though was up legitimately 26%. We also are opening in a week or so, the new area of the casino in Macau that is dedicated to VIP business and this has better facilities than anybody seen in that town yet. And we are getting some very good people to occupy that space which also frees up some of our other space for more mass table games. So to that extent I think February is going to see an improvement of some sort and I dont need to quantify that, but I expect that we will see a better result comparing that to the previous months. In Las Vegas, I mentioned in our third quarter announcement that if we had a legitimate November, December, wed be the first company to exceed $500 million in profitability probably not only in the history of Las Vegas, but also in America. And in fact, we did do $515 million in EBITDA in Las Vegas, which was encouraging and were very happy about that. But China remains a big question mark. We have more questions and answers, thousands of our Macau employees are anticipating promotion and a better life, because of Wynn Palace, a break away property by any measurement, which up until now has been on budget and on time. But we were notified by our builder last night that because of a problem in the timing of our construction labor permits that they thought they were going to miss the Chinese New Year next year as the opening and they would be late with regard to that date that we have used in these calls. In our public releases, weve always said that it would be the first half of 2016 and I have, bit more optimistic and said we make Chinese New Year which until last night I thought was true. But if we were to believe the e-mail we got from Leighton construction, they are not going to make Chinese New Year they think theyre going to miss that date. Im going to explore that little bit more deeply with them, Mike Harvey is on his call, who ran Leighton in Hong Kong and Macau and built our first two hotels as the Senior Executive of Leighton through running our jobs, he switched over to become our own Executive in charge for the Wynn Palace project. So he is in a better position to discuss the Leighton e-mail and its ramifications than Im at the moment. But I do believe that for all Chinese business men, there is at the moment a bit of uncertainty as to what the future will hold, because so much of everything in China depends upon the policy of the Central Government. We have learned in the last 12 years, the way to behave in China and that is to listen very carefully to what the leadership says and to do our best to be helpful, and to conform with the program as we are their guest. In my history in China starting in 2001, I was very lucky to be instructed by Former President Bush on how to behave there, and that was to be helpful and to understand that culture. And to that extent, I believe that they sort out their problems in an orderly fashion as they see them. And in some cases that impacts like Macau or Hong Kong. There is nothing to be done but to be patient and to be alert and to do your best to be cooperative and to go along with the program. There is no doubt that the existence of Wynn Palace is a major event in the development of entertainment and tourism in Macau. And I believe that the government recognizes that to be true. We did get a 700% increase to our construction labor this week. Although we requested a 1,000, we got 700, and I guess thats encouraging. Albeit that it was three months late. So timing and government approvals are factor that we have to deal with. Hopefully well be able to keep our promises to our employees that live in Macau and all of the staff that work at these places and that their hopes for a better life will be fulfilled and that our ambitions to grow in Macau will continue to develop. I think thats pretty much the kinds of comments that are appropriate at this moment. If any of my colleagues on the call would care to add any of these, Gamal Aziz and Ian are there, Linda is there, our main connection to the gaming fraternity there. And as I said Mike Harvey, the construction man is on the call and all of us here on Las Vegas and the parent company are standing by for questions which well take at this time.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Joe Greff with J.P. Morgan.
Joe Greff: Hello everybody. Good afternoon. Just looking at your fourth quarter Macau results and then looking at the EBITDA, and then youre trying to normalize that, was there any adverse hold on the direct the IT side? And then you called out lower then recently experienced hold on the mass side, would you characterize that as having below normal hold there?
John Strzemp: No, no. We didnt.
Steve Wynn: So Joe as you saw in October, November, our market share was in the 8.5% and 9% range thats the direct result of low hold in the premium mass area. And so that when you look at it, thats between a $15 million and $20 million EBITDA impact for the fourth quarter which was in the premium mass area on October and November.
Joe Greff: But nothing onto the IT side on the direct side, Wynn?
Steve Wynn: No.
Joe Greff: No okay. As you point you and really shared about 10% on average less table games this fourth quarter versus a year-ago, how do you think that impacted, is there a way you can estimate that on a direct or indirect basis?
Steve Wynn: Joe I think that what you should know is that our tables are going to increase by about 40 tables after Chinese New Year with the new VIP rooms coming on and the incremental mass tables that will be up to about 485 tables, excluding poker in two to three months. And they are in the right positions in the casino. So its not just about number of tables, its where they are and we repositioned all the product and well be up to 485 tables in a couple of weeks.
Joe Greff: Okay and then my follow-up... Excuse me.
Matt Maddox: Its a combination of junket tables and mass casino tables. And also to note, weve had a lot of construction taking place throughout the fourth quarter. Now we get the West Casino back in its entirety and its looking fantastic.
Steve Wynn: Were installing furniture today.
Joe Greff: And then my final question, going to the Las Vegas side of things it looks like promotions was up sizably year-over-year. Can you talk about what drove that and is there sometime one time related to last years mix and last years hold? Thank you.
Steve Wynn: No we didnt do anything unusual here in promotions and that might just
Matt Maddox: We dont know whats youre looking at Joe, but we didnt.
Joe Greff: Okay, Ill follow-up offline thats help for me. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Shaun Kelley with Bank of America.
Shaun Kelley: Hi, good afternoon everyone. Steve in your earlier remarks, you mentioned that you did see I believe a 26% increased in the mass business so far in January and we havent heard that many kind of raise of why in Macau in recent months. So I was wondering if you could help us break that down a little bit, are you seeing that improvement in premium mass, in grind mass our traffic levels up just kind of may be help us think about that a little bit more.
Steve Wynn: Ian where is it?
Ian Coughlan: So its coming from the mid-level mass, the high-end mass, very high-end this impacted as VIP, but interestingly the mid-level of mass, we got back a room inventory from some of the junkets that we have moved done during the year, we got rooms from refurbishment. So weve been able to provide more of the hotel accommodation for the mid-level mass sector. There is about 7,000 players that weve targeted directly in the niche way, we call it a winter campaign and its proved very successful for us.
Shaun Kelley: Great, thats really helpful Ian. And then I guess my other question would actually be on Boston. So you didnt provide a budget in the releases. Is that something that you could provide, I think there were some comments that it probably moved up to closer to $1.75 billion? Is that about the right number?
Ian Coughlan: Its right in that area $1 billion, $1.75 billion. And we are feeling great about Boston indecently, just great. We love the idea that weve got that for diversification. And weve never ever been in the position we were the only game in town. Weve always in my career for the past 40 odd years we have competed and prevailed in the most competitive markets that exist. And we tend to thrive under those circumstances, because as a top-end operator, we tend to creamy part of the market whether its the mass or in VIP. And to be in Boston, Massachusetts and in the metropolitan area in Everett and have almost four million people where were the only game in town is scintillating. We worked very hard to compete for the right to operate in Massachusetts as you know and it was expensive to do that process and time consuming very and we had a 1,800 pound application when we finally finished. We spent $25 million just to get to the end of the game, in terms of local elections and requirements with related communities, that we had $130 million in infrastructure that we had to agree to and then there was another $100 million in the cost of the license other miscellaneous stuff there. We were in $230 million of our budget already, or promises for that that are separate than apart from the construction on that project budget. We are going to be the one of the top five private employers in the history of the State of Massachusetts. We are going to be responsible for $50 million a month in revenue for this state, probably another $50 million in related revenues to all the surrounding communities. We are going to employ thousands and thousands of people. Its the largest construction budget in recent history in Massachusetts maybe forever. Weve got a serious presence there in Massachusetts and we are delighted to have that position. And we finish the design of the hotel and I think its along with the Palace the best work weve ever done based upon 40 years of experience with whats best of all with the same group of executives that have learned from all of our past experiences and projects. And hopefully our next stuff that comes up will reflect the evolution and the enlightenment that weve been able to achieve because of those experiences. So speaking for myself, I am delighted with the Boston opportunity. Wynn America now enjoys, I think were alone this last few months we cut our investment grade which were had from Moodys now from Standard & Poor's. So our credit rating is the highest in the industry, weve financed a $1.25 billion of our Boston project already few months ago at LIBOR plus 175 and we are in real apple pie shape, just as our financing in China was at LIBOR plus 175. $3.850 billion of the project in China was financed non-recourse at LIBOR plus 175 or a total of 3.3% for the $3.85 billion that we raised, again non-recourse. Our Boston financing is non-recourse to the parent in Wynn America which is as I just said I'm proud to say investment grade. So all in all the setup is just right for Massachusetts and as we wind our way through the complexities of the Asian situation our setup is just right to keep our promise to our employees and to the government in China.
ShaunKelley: Great, thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Felicia Hendrix with Barclays Capital.
FeliciaHendrix: Hi all, Steve, you touched upon this in your prepared remarks regarding how you view doing business in China and being a good corporate citizen there, and along those lines lot of investors have remarked as lately how theyve noted increased rhetoric of all the Macau operators regarding the diversity of their new casino resort projects. And obviously everyone is taking directives from the central government seriously there really shouldn't be a question there that in your view has a mandate changed? That is your perception of what the government wanted when you started your new project, when you started Wynn Palace, has that changed significantly when you started? And if so does the increased rhetoric on diversification of the Macau economy affect your expectations for the returns of Wynn Palace at all?
Steve Wynn: Thats a great question, I must say. And Im sure glad you asked it. I didnt expect that today. But the answer is at least speaking - Im getting over cold, - for our Company in each and every case in America leading up to China, we have broken the record for casino revenue at the Mirage, we broke the Caesars pre-existing record for casino revenue than we broke the Mirage record at Bellagio and that we broke the Bellagio record at Wynn in the we broke the Wynn record when we opened Encore. What's interesting though, even though weve gone into the $800 million range, never in the history of our company, has our casino revenue met or exceeded our non-casino revenue. That is to say the reputation of this Company, its status today is based upon the fact that we did not focus completely on gaming but recognize that gaming was a result and not a cause that although it was a productive cash register in the building, that the real attraction on the power of the energy of our  vitality of our enterprise, was directly related to its non-casino experiential, entertainment and hospitality aspects. The one thing that led to the spread of new concessions in Macau, the desire of that government after the turnover to the PRC, was to broaden the appeal of Macau and to diversify from purely Bacura to beyond Bacura. Now all of the operators there, all of our competitors have recognized this from day one, not because of a mandate from the government necessarily, but because of their understanding of how the industry survives and prospers, based upon creating experiences for people that they can't get at home. Tourism, the broadest definition of tourism, a positive exciting experience which you can get at home and surely we recognize that a slot machine or a Baccharat an experience you can get anywhere. Every damn slot machine on earth looks like every other one I cant even tell one manufacturer from another unless I look at the plate on the side. Every roulette table is identical to every other roulette table, no matter what nation youre in, from one end of the globe to the other. Our company has recognized that more any other company in history. Our non-casino revenue always exceeds our casino revenue. Wynn Palace was built as Bellagio and Wynn and Encore have been built to create a complete tourist destination experience. Only the smallest part of our budget in Macau was dedicated to Baccharat tables, but hundreds of millions, yes billions of dollars up to $4 billion dedicated to entertainment, shopping, food and beverage, spas, incredible hotel room experiences, and most importantly to an extensive in depth training routine and discipline on the area of human resources to guarantee the visitors to Wynn Palace, a unique experience for those people who travel and seek to have unique experience. So when you hear that the central government and the Macau government urged operators to diversify the attractions of their facilities, when they speak to us theyre preaching to the choir. We invented that idea, it has been certainly enhanced and its certainly been carried on by companies like Venetian and Melco. No question in Galaxy and all of these facilities being built in Cotai today are remarkable destination resorts. And they were planned and they were executed with enormous amounts of capital, before and during any encouragement by the central government or the Macau government. So this is a development, this development of non-casino is something that was going to happen anyway and has to happened. And Ive said this once before, I'm going to repeat it again today. If you take Macau, with its destination resorts, which include gaming tables and you take Hinson Island adjacent to Macau, with its additional non-gaming attractions like theme parks, Id say that Macau Hinson Island area will in the next five years to ten years, become the most dynamic tourist destination location on the planet. And thats saying something in country that has Orlando, and Ohio and Las Vegas. But boy whats being done over there is really something. And to a certain extent its happening in Shanghai as well. So I hope that responds to your question.
Felicia Hendrix: No, that was great color, I appreciate that and if I may move on to Las Vegas for a moment. Can you
Steve Wynn: One thing last year, $800 odd million in gaming revenue but the total revenue of the place was just shy of $2 billion. That's not a gambling hall. I'm talking about Las Vegas now, just $1 million, $1 billion $1.97 million or something in revenue. Just shy of $2 billion, the gaming was only $800 odd million of it. That will give you idea of  and thats been, and is going to be. And in China because of the vigorous gaming activity its very hard to exceed the gaming with non-gaming facilities, but if you look at the facilities, they are lopsided non-gaming. Okay I'm sorry that ends my answer.
Felicia Hendrix: No I appreciate that. Can you tell us or one of your colleagues tell us what youre seeing from the Asian Baccharat customer in Vegas in the quarter in the market Baccharat lines were down 11% year-over-year. I'm just wondering is there something structural, is it economic, is it something we shouldnt be concerned with just what are you seeing there?
Steve Wynn: Well, I mean, certainly I'm concerned about the attitudes and trying to handicap the behavior of Chinese, Hong Kong and Chinese players that travel the world and visit various places. Our New Years was very vigorous in terms of Malaysia, and Indonesia, and Taiwan, Korea this in January and South Korea in January. The head is in Hong Kong and Mainland China. And the future of it is unknowable at the moment. There are so many moving parts. I dont have an answer to it on this call. And sometimes, you just have to say you dont know.
Felicia Hendrix: Well, I dont know either so I guess we are even there.
Steve Wynn: There's a whole bunch of us.
Felicia Hendrix: Alright, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Carlo Santarelli with Deutsche Bank.
Carlo Santarelli: Hey, good afternoon. I wanted to touch a little bit on how you guys are thinking about your dividend as well as overall capital as we go forward. I believe leverage today on an LTM basis is around three times clearly there is Cotai spend, but as it pertains to your domestic dividend the $6, how are you guys thinking about balancing that with leverage and obviously retained earnings the Macau?
Steve Wynn: Well, first of all, lets understand that Macau this is not 2008, Macau went from sky rocketing to healthy revenues. Lets keep some perspective to this conversation. Our structure now does not threaten our dividend in the near future. Now when Cotai opens next year hopefully some time next year that there will be an incremental revenue and profitability from it and I cant see that any other answer would be appropriate looking forward.
Carlo Santarelli: Yes thats right.
Steve Wynn: So I was always hoping the dividend would increase. I havent thought that it would decrease. Nor do I think so today. Now Matt, you deal with this, you and Steve Cootey. You can correct me if you like to.
Matt Maddox: No, you are right.
Steve Wynn: Our feelings wont be hurt.
Matt Maddox: No, you are right. Low average, lots of cash protected the dividend and we have a big property hoping next year.
Carlo Santarelli: Understood, thank you guys and if I could just ask one follow-up actually two, both on Macau. One was would you guys be able to comment on whether reclassifications played any role or have played any role in some of the moving parts. I think, Matt from your comments the $15 million to $20 million of premium mass EBITDA drag, if I just do some backwards math thats roughly $20 million a month of less revenue, which kind of explains the delta between what you did in January relative to what youre doing in the 3Q, is that all that is or was there some other reclassification activity, and then my quick follow-up is would you guys mind just commenting, I got a little bit confused, is the West Casino renovation and all the tables will they be ready for Chinese New Year, or are there different parts of that?
Steve Wynn: Last one, the answer is yes.
Carlo Santarelli: Okay.
Steve Wynn: Everything will be ready in a few days we are finishing everything, in real time in the next six days. Okay go ahead Matt.
Matt Maddox: And we havent been going through these reclassifications scenario you're seeing other operators going thorough. So your mass tables are our mass tables in the same as our VIP.
Carlo Santarelli: Great, thank you Matt and Steve, I appreciate it.
Steve Wynn: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven Kent with Goldman Sachs.
Steven Kent: Hi, good afternoon. Maybe if I could just go for a little bit more of a longer-term question, which is what examples are you seeing today in Macau that give you the confidence that when its pivoting more and more towards the mass or the high-end mass, away from the junket. So what are you seeing today that gives you the confidence of that the $4 billion and all the things youre doing are going the right direction. I guess thats what we are all struggling with. The only example I would use Steve, which I think you live through which was in the late 1990s, when we saw move towards U.S. customers wanting better restaurants, better rooms that gave you the confidence to go and build the Bellagio, so what is it today that gives you the confident that youre doing the right thing in Macau?
Steve Wynn: Interesting question, Im gathering my thoughts. At the end of this consideration, you and I and everybody else on this call, have to ask ourselves, is there a commonality and humanity in terms of aspiration? Is China so different than America? And my answer to that question based upon these 40 odd years of dealing with Asian customers more than anybody else probably in the last 30 years staring with Maurice and talking to them constantly both here and at home in Macau. Is that aspirationally all folks are the same? When they go on vacation, they want to live bigger and better than they can in their normal discipline lives. And thats what makes destination resorts necessarily special, so that they can fulfill that aspirational dynamic. Nothing that weve seen in China has changed my opinion and in fact everything that weve experienced in the past twelve years in wonderful Macau has reinforced that. Folks may look differently and talk a different language and their menu maybe different, but in terms of what they want, its all the same. And everyplace in the world, weve given people what they want in this ever more mobile society the moving middle class of the world, they have responded to the same amputation with similar enthusiasm. Wynn Palace is a gilt edged invitation to that party. And my confidence is based upon 40 years of experience both with American and international players, and the Brazilians and the Mexicans, and the Argentineans and the Columbians, where we have offices, and the Venezuelans, the Taiwanese, the South Koreans, the Japanese and the Chinese folks, when they have some money and the chance to enjoy at, they all want the same thing. And thats the basis of my confidence and I might add its most likely if Sheldon was on the call or Francis Loi, theyd or Lawrence Hover, Jamie Packer they would say the say the same thing. I believe that to be true. And thats something Im very hesitant as you know. Im insecure about the short-term future of the way things rollout in Macau. But I am not insecure about that answer to that question.
Steven Kent: So, Steve, just because what I guess I was asking for and I mean I know its a big ask as like youre seeing good hotel room demand, youre seeing people willing to trade up for things in restaurants in hotels in the way they are interacting in retail, in the fourth quarter I guess or in January, thats what Im really trying to get out is whether youre seeing any of that today? I'm not sure if you cold be able to
Steve Wynn: Its confusing.
Steven Kent: Okay.
Steve Wynn: Its confusing. People with money are destabilized at the moment in China. I think that - and youre seeing that all across mainland China, that people are being cautious. Theres an uncertainty in China these days about the things that are a little foreign to us here. What is expected of them? Whats the relationship of Chinese businessmen to Chinese government officials? Is corruption is widespread as people say it is? I read the South China Morning Post, I talk to people and this campaign against corruption has been a big wakeup call in China. President Xi Jinping has determined that his leadership should eliminate the perception of corruption. And the only way to do that is to root it out and you know there is a huge national campaign to investigate public officials and their behavior. Now it's comforting to note that the liaison officer who represents the central government in Zhuhai that looks over Macau, made a public statement, when I was there last week, that there is little or no evidence of any government officials gambling away their money in Macau. He wasnt concerned about that that was a positive announcement by him. And I think he felt it necessary to say that but we wait for an announcement from the government with bated breath to understand what their perceptions are of Macau and what the related activities will be as a result of those perceptions. So I think what were seeing across China is a retrenchment of spending instincts and how long will that last, I dont know.
Steven Kent: Okay, thanks. Thanks to the color.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Thomas Allen of Morgan Stanley.
Thomas Allen: Good afternoon. So you mentioned earlier, how there are very good people filling the new junket tables, youre bring on board ahead of Chinese New Year. We read almost every day about turnover in the junket business. Can you just discuss how you choose the partners that you did how you were dealing with junkets in general and have you changed your direct VIP mix at all in Macau? Thanks.
Gamal Aziz: The interest we have changed, weve eliminated the weaker junket operators, and very much, as if were looking in the mirror, we saw safety and security by dealing with only the strongest operators financially. One of them is called Sun City, the other one is called Quang Dung named after the province we that are adjacent to us Quang Dung province the capital of which is Guangzhou. And weve given our two new rooms to Quang Dung and to Sun City. And Sun City is the financially, probably the most powerful of the junket operators. Wed never had them in our facility. And were welcoming them with a sparkling new really dramatically lovely space and they are enthused about that. And weve gone to nine operators from 12 or 13. And reclaim those tables as I mentioned earlier, because we want to business with only, we are very conservative about credit. So we want to business with only the most conservative counter parts in that industry. Is that helpful to you, you got answer?
Thomas Allen: Yes, very helpful, thank you. And then just as my follow-up. We know as in your results that your promotional spending in Macau as percentage of revenue went from about 5% to 6%. I think I asked that question last quarter about what would happen with the promotional environment and you talked about at a certain point, you have to raise it - raise your promotional spending to kind of fit market environment, but at certain point its gets futile. Can you just talk about you kind of where that could go? And then just a final numbers question for anyone in the room, when you talked about first mass market revenue of 26% of your property in January, was that versus December or was that versus January the prior year. Thank you very much.
Gamal Aziz: January the prior year in just a quick of aspect. Matt, why dont you deal with that or
Matt Maddox: And then promotional type?
Thomas Allen: Whoever wants to deal with this?
Steve Cootey: Yes look, again, if you look at our third quarter promotional allowances were $50 million, they were $48 million in the fourth quarter and $48 million year-over-year getting into the mix that its gone from 5% to 6% of revenue. I think thats missing the point. They were flat year-over-year and were not seeing any major increase in promotional activity in the industry. Does that help?
Thomas Allen: Thats all from me, thank you. Yep, thanks, Steve.
Steve Cootey: Next.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Harry Curtis with Nomura.
Matt Maddox: Hi, Harry.
Harry Curtis: Hi guys. So Steve I wanted to get back to kind of the focus of your target market for Wynn Palace given these policy changes and the uncertainty, has that changed your focus on where your target market is going to be and what your ROIC expectation is? And tied into that is going back two quarters ago you talked about table allocation, it seems to us that the 1,750 remaining are unallocated tables is more prominent than we had thought, and have you amended your view on that topic?
Steve Wynn: My target market hasnt changed at all were after everybody. It has been the story for 40 odd years. We are looking for everybody, who have the funds and the desire to experience the highest end kind of treatment that they can get. Matt, is there - can you enlarge Harrys question, answer to him?
Matt Maddox: Sure, on the table allocation?
Harry Curtis: Yes.
Steve Wynn: What we, I thought we dealt with that. We allocate the tables based upon a moving assessment, this weekly. And we reevaluate the activity on our VIP and if we dont like it, we move it into mass.
Matt Maddox: And Harry is asking about do you think you'll get your tables for Palace with over 1,750 left.
Steve Wynn: Well you know, at the end of the day, the government will assign those tables. And they havent officially done that yet, and but I might point out that in planning Wynn Palace we were required to submit extensive schedules of how many employees we would need for construction and when we would need them. How many people we would hire from Macau, how many tables we need, everything was included in the submissions that were considered and reviewed by the government extensively for protracted periods of time. And that process was slow, laborious and extended, and then we got our final approval and we commenced construction. The building was designed and the employees and the promises made to the employees were all based upon all of those submissions and those decorations which were then approved and accepted and we were given the green light to go ahead. It seems to me that at the end of the day the government will respect that to talks of caps and all of that thing, all of those sort of things, they occurred after our approvals and after our construction had begun and on the land and so, well, I dont know what our table total is as we speak today, I have a sense that commonsense and consistency will be the order of the day. I dont see the government in Macau threatening the security of the employees who live in Macau for our shareholders of our company I just dont see that, do I sense that in my conversations with the government. So how they allocate those tables is something thats clearly their own business, but the responsibility for these projects, although we have financed and built them is also their business. And I have confidence that their commonsense and their integrity will  but the end of the day itd be the last word on the subject. I dont know how youd look at it if you change seat with me this afternoon, but thats my feel about it.
Harry Curtis: Thank you.
Steve Wynn: I dont see the government of Macau scuttling their own industry.
Harry Curtis: Okay. I appreciate that and then the only other question I had, Steve, would be as you look at Vegas over the next couple of years, what you think is the demand picture looks like particularly as we, as the group business like invention business comes back. Can you talk about your expectations there?
Steve Wynn: Yes, Maurice is with me. But there is a preemptive moment to that answer. Two projects have been announced directly facing our land. We have over 2,000 feet on this strip and opposing our 2,000 feet are the frontage of the old Stardust and the old Frontier Hotel. The Frontier has been purchased by the interest of James Packer and he has hired people of quality and experience to build and to design and build a facility that is approximately $2 billion. Our KT Lim, an internationally experienced casino developer in Malaysia and Hong Kong and even New York, with the slot machines of Aqueduct, in Singapore and Malaysia and Aqueduct. He has announced a project on the site of the Stardust or the [indiscernible] property again it supposes Encore that is $4 billion. Now, if you say that instead of an empty land and a couple of shell structures, were going to have $6 billion worth of construction and eventually in four, five years buildings and employees and guests across The Street with thousands of rooms. Thats worth at least $30 million to $50 million on the bottom line of my company. I love that. And so right away, I see Las Vegas being enhanced going forward by this kind of experienced capital investment. Hopefully, those projects wont be false starts, they will really happen. And the men who've announced them are people fully capable of keeping the promise. Thats good news for us, in our spot here on the promenade. So my feeling about Las Vegas, its still the destination of choice worldwide. Otherwise, why would all the Asians come here as they do on Chinese New Year? Why were they all here on New Year's Eve? They filled - over 2,000 of them filled our ballroom to watch Bruno Mars. And then they shopped and eat and gambled and enjoyed themselves to the Hilton [ph], they have got a great New Years. So nothing's new and I think again so much depends on American domestic political situation. I thought that we were under the gun during the recession with administration policies of more, more of a wet blanket on job formation and economic development and they were constructive, but that was my own personal view. We seem to overcome the administration and the recession and we finally slowly seen to be crawling out of the ditch we were in and maybe things will continue to improve in America. In Las Vegas and at least the Wynn Resorts has comes through it handily. I think the same thing is going to apply in the future.
Harry Curtis: And so when you look at the kind of year that you come through in Las Vegas as far as room pricing and operating leverage. Do you think that 2015 and 2016 will be just a strong based on kind of the forward bookings that you have?
Steve Wynn: Well, Ive raised all the prices on our rooms about 18% August, was in August Maurice?
Maurice Wooden: Yes, it was August it actually was started in Labor Day weekend.
Steve Wynn: Yes, I decide to raise the prices. Pricing is always one of the art forms of any business. Pricing blackjack, pricing rooms, pricing everything, its always - you dont want to price yourself out of the market, but you dont want to miss the opportunity to take an increase, especially do you think youve got the kind of demand and reputation that will allow you to do it. Weve been able to do that so far. The business of business is not about homeruns, its about ones and singles. And you build the reputation, you create a platform for a business, they can sustain pricing increases over a long period of time because of consistency. Consistency is probably the most important word in politics and business and human relations. Consistency is the most important thing to the future of Macau. Does the world think the China is consistent, the Macau is consistent, but the businesses and the governments will be consistent in their decisions. Consistency allows for a better future and a better life for people. Inconsistency is destabilizing and frightening and then creates all that uncertainty. We live with a certain amount of it on a daily basis. Surely, we do internationally as a nation with the problems in the Mid-East, surely we do politically in America and surely at the moment we do deal with uncertainty in China. The question becomes if the only constant is change in uncertainty then how agile is the company, how agile is it financially, how agile is it in terms of its human resources. Its very important for CEOs and Senior Management of people in all companies to recognize that flexibility, agility is everything to survival in the modern world and I think thats probably almost a universal truth these days. Thats the main thing that I see going forward that we maintain the kind of platform that will allows us to deal with change easily and to be agile. And then to trade on our goodwill and our past performance, we got the concession in Macau because of Bellagio and Mirage. And the Government of China decided that they wanted after the takeover to [indiscernible] appeal of Macau as a worldwide destination travel and tourists destination. They went looking for people that they talk to do it. And I think that we got the concession because of our past performance in Las Vegas. And our job in Macau has been to keep that promise going forward with the capital, we have less invested as much in China as weve ever made. All our money is back in there, and in spite of the success weve had and that is true a Venetian, as well as Galaxy and Melco, were all the same in that regard. Everybody, MGM is doing in this well. So I think that all bodes well for the future in spite of short-term uncertainty.
Harry Curtis: Thanks for the help guys.
Operator: We have time for the one final question. Your final question comes from the line of Robin Farley with UBS.
Steve Wynn: Hello Robin.
Robin Farley: Great, Hi how are you? Two questions, one is I dont know if you have any thoughts on the potential for the smoking ban to be extended to the VIP segment.
Steve Wynn: Yes, yes, yes the smoking ban will be extended in my view.
Robin Farley: And any thoughts on kind of what kind of impact that may have?
Steve Wynn: Well unintended consequences in our case. For reasons entirely unrelated to the smoking ban, all of our facilities have terraces on the lake that we built with the fountains in the gondola in front of Wynn Palace. So virtually a huge amount of our gaming facilities have terraces so you can get up from a table and walk outside the door and be on a patio outdoors looking at the water. Thats not why we did it, in anticipation of not being able to smoking the building, but it turns out that we got a windfall and our plan in our facility. Robin your question about will the smoking ban be extended to be absolute in the building. The answer is yes. I believe that to be true. What was the second part of the question?
Robin Farley: Well, part of it was just going to be the impact on before Wynn Palace opens on your date to business and whether there's anything you can do to kind of make adjustments, to minimize the impact from that? And then I did have question.
Steve Wynn: Lets just take one at a time, in terms of the impact so long as its the same for everybody very little impact. So go ahead Robin.
Robin Farley: So my other question was about margins. When you look at the fourth quarter, I guess more of your business came from Mass was a bigger percent of your business versus VIP from a year ago for some of your total business and we usually think of the margins being so much higher in the Mass business. And just kind of looking at EBITDA margins of the property year-over-year, youre still down a bit. I guess I wonder if you can talk about maybe some of the cost pressures in the mass business and think that might - you might be able to mitigate as businesses shifting there?
Steve Wynn: So again cost pressure in the mass business, our margin in the mass areas has been very consistent. Some of the things that youre picking up are retail revenues are down and when retail revenues are down that goes straight to the bottom line because thats the least income and very high margin. So for the whole town, everybody is experiencing that. And weve always said we think our EBITDA margin given all the various mixes is going to be somewhere in the low 30s and thats where its coming in.
Steve Wynn: Hows that Robin, is that covered?
Robin Farley: That is helpful. Thank you.
Steve Wynn: Anybody else, were going to leave you out. If there is anybody there - another question. Thats a good time to do it. I know there is lot of changes, so even though that was supposed to be the last question, if there is another one I will take it.
Operator: You do have a question that came in from the line of Chris Jones from Union Gaming.
Chris Jones: Great, thank you. Just real quickly just following upon the late letter that you discussed. Can you just talk about how far off you are from people labor and perhaps what youre assuming going forward in terms of what youd have to get in terms of getting back on schedule of these - in mid 2016 opening date? Thank you.
Steve Wynn: We had two labor requests to finish. It took 7,000 people to fill the building. We had 4,600, 4,700, we needed 2,300, we got 700 were 1,500 was due  1,500 that 1,000 - that was - request was October, the 700 we got was last week and right around the middle of February, we needed the last 1,500. That request is in. It remains to be seen on how timely that request will be granted, but that would take our work force to 7,000 which is what the latent folks say they needed to finish the building on time and they have vast experience in Hong Kong and Macau and everywhere in Asia. And so when they say 7,000 people, it takes to build six million feet that isnt wish list, its just a simple practical explanation of the requirements. And were 1,600 or 1,700 away from that now.
Chris Jones: Great, thank you.
Steve Wynn: Thats it I guess. So thank you everybody, I appreciate your attention. Hope that weve been responsive and will wait to see what happens in the next 60 or 90 days.
Operator: Thank you for participating in todays conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-10-28 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Lewis Fanger  VP Matt Maddox  President Steve Wynn- Chairman of the Board and CEO Robert Gansmo  SVP and CFO, Wynn Palace Frank Cassella  SVP and CFO, Wynn Macau Stephen Cootey  SVP, CFO and Treasurer Scott Peterson  SVP and CFO, Wynn Las Vegas, LLC Maurice Wooden  President, Wynn Las Vegas, LLC Gamal Aziz  President for Wynn Macau, Limited
Analysts: Felicia Hendrix  Barclays Capital Joe Greff  JP Morgan Carlo Santarelli  Deutsche Bank Shaun Kelley  BofA Merrill Lynch Harry Curtis  Nomura Thomas Allen  Morgan Stanley Robin Farley  UBS
Operator: Welcome to the Wynn Resorts Third Quarter 2014 Earnings Call. Ill now turn the conference over to Mr. Lewis Fanger, Vice President at Wynn Resorts, please go ahead.
Lewis Fanger: Good afternoon everyone. Welcome to the Wynn Resorts results third quarter 2014 earnings call. Joining the call on behalf of the company today are Steve Wynn, Matt Maddox, John Strump, Stephen Cootey, Maurice Wooden and Scott Peterson here in Las Vegas as well as Gamal Aziz, Ian Coughlan, Frederic Luvisutto, Linda Chen, Robert Gansmo, Frank Cassella dialing in from Wynn Macau and with that said let me turn it over to Matt.
Matt Maddox: Thanks everyone. Before we get started I just need to remind everybody that we will be making forward-looking statements on this call and those statements may or may not come true. With that I am going to turn it over to Mr. Wynn.
Steve Wynn: Generally speaking we were happy with the third quarter basically with the last quarter we made up in the slot machines and the general casino in Macau in mass what we  what we lost in VIP and so it seems to me as we look at October that we are definitely you know you got to love Macau we do in this company and we have great, great confidence and gratitude to be involved with the place. But it's always been government sensitive and turmoil in Hong Kong the smoking, the new regulations of smoking, the turmoil in Hong Kong lately in the month of October and of course the policy of the central government in being very, very aggressive about what appeared to be misconduct in corruption of the government has put a lot of the wealthy businessmen in the fox holes. Everybody is being very conservative at this point over there. I think taking the cue from presidency who is a very conservative man and it's had an impact on Macau in October. We have all noticed it and I don't know whether it's a squall or we are in the rainy season how long will it last but we are still very, very bullish on Macau. And as usual in the past when people used to ask us when are you going to get approval to start construction, when will you get your land concession. Things happen in China at their own pace and in their own time and for those of us who are lucky enough to be in business there you have to sit there and go along with the program and adjust to it as best as you can as that's what we do and as far as construction goes, Gamal is on the call if anybody wants to ask him about it but we are on target, we are on budget, we are on time. And Wynn palace is proceeding. We think that it's going to be a very wonderful addition to the market in terms of attracting people to Macau. Like as in the case of our competitors everything that's being built lately is even better than what was built - -what has been built before. The communitys social profile is being lifted. The quality of the products that are being offered in terms of hospitality, non-gaming, food, beverage, entertainment and meeting in conventions all the rest get better and better as that town takes advantage of its competitive superiority. With regard to Las Vegas, we were very happy with this quarter. It's a continuation of what we have seen in the past. All of our metrics have improved for the previous  for the running 12 months, I think our EBITDA was $520 million and if we can hold on during the fourth quarter we ought to be able to get to the five I hope in the calendar year this year. That's pretty much my comments about the status of our business. We did increase if you have noticed, we have increased our regular dividend effective immediately to about 50 a quarter. We want to stay very conservative as you know we have tremendous focus on our balance sheet and we have made our special dividend a dollar and in elected instead to increase the regular dividend by another dollar a year. And finally in Boston, just finished the casino designs the more meticulous and more detailed aspects. We intend to present a product in Massachusetts that is never been seen before in any city or any country including in our own buildings. We have taken an approach to Boston that is dramatically different than any casinos presentation that has been seen in our industry historically. I don't think in my 40 odd years I have been so excited about the project as we are about Boston. Hopefully the election, a week from tonight will confirm that the legislation stands and the voters of Massachusetts will vote no on questions on three. I had an unusual experience of talking to former Congressmen Barney Frank today and congratulating him on his op-ed piece in the Boston Globe in which he explained that people should be allowed to spend money as they see fit. And with that we will take questions.
Operator: [Operator instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Felicia Hendrix with Barclays Capital.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital: Steve as you stated in your prepared remarks, you mentioned about you are talking about Macau and how it's interesting because there is a political influence there. When you are talking about how some of the VIPs were lying low in the quarter. Given your view of how things were perhaps stabilizing July when you talked to us, last was that  what's surprised you most about the market or were there other things that surprised you in the quarter?
Steve Wynn: Well it's interesting to see the business community respond the temple of the central government. The businessmen that we talk to in Macau are very sensitive to the mood of the central government. And I guess, I don't know how to say any differently than that I compound that with the disturbances in Hong Kong which is certainly put the central government to the test on one of its most basic perks or prerogative in the modern world with the special administrative region of Hong Kong and that as you know who is going to nominate the candidates or what is the nominating process for candidates for chief executive officer, these are very, very interesting issues and as you undoubtedly observe on the media, there is strong feelings in the community and my guess is that at some point, the matter will be resolved and everything will settle down. The business interruption in Hong Kong are disturbing to the business community and to the community in large in Hong Kong. And I am sure they are disturbing to the central government. It's hard to believe that both sides will remain attractable, but it is after all people for public of China and Hong Kong is part of it. So it would be interesting to watch the play out. The only thing I would share with you is the front row seat to the process. And hope that it plays out in an orderly fashion. We experienced in October a perfect storm. We had the lowest hold percentage for a number of weeks than we have ever experienced in China. When I say is a perfect storm, it's unusual  it's statistical normally to hold 0.9% or something like that in 2.7% or 2.9% gain but on the other hand we have held four on occasions. So -- both ways. Those things straighten themselves out. We don't pay really any attention to that adjusted our whole percentage of puts us in the market share by 10% again but in the 10% we suffer the same fate as the rest of the market when that experience decline. So I don't know surprise is the right word. Disappointment certainly is the right word.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital: I try not to use that word so I used surprise. You talked about holds on the VIP side it does look like you held a little bit high on the mass side as well as relative to the past few quarters where we really have been seeing the impact of increased purchases at the cage, how should we look at just since it not  somewhat of a new phenomenal seeing the hold seeing kind of the mid 40% I know -- change this quarter how should we think about a normalized cold for your mass segment.
Steve Wynn: Great question. I don't have any more clue than you do on this one. I think what you should do is pay attention to the wind. I mean at the end of the day, casino revenue before expenses is measured by how much is left. The purchases of these chips cage represents a moving target and I don't know how to explain it or to normalize it because I have watched it fluctuate as you have. Anyway I don't think it really matters very much really when we get right down to it, I don't think it really matters. It's the revenue. It's that Wynn figure that we are all focused on and that's the one that counts.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital: Okay. That's helpful and just finally again regarding the market and I will use the word disappointment, do you think any aspect of that is coming from the smoking ban?
Steve Wynn: No. We think I asked that question of my colleagues Ian is on the call and I think it would be great thing for him to address.
Unidentified Company Representative: Well we just had a couple of weeks to gauge us and a couple of weeks after golden weeks. So I don't think gets early days. There is no doubt going to be an effect but I think it's the least of our concerns in terms of revenue drop off. We are also still engaged with the different departments of the government in finalizing how our smoking areas and non-smoking areas are divided. It still is discussion that's going and the players have reacted very well to us. The smoking room that we have established in Macau has been very successful we are in the process of establishing an additional smoking room based on location. But overall I wouldn't say that that's had a huge effect on business. There has been some effect but it's been marginal.
Steve Wynn: Also I think that technology as we go forward is going to play a part in this. Right now the air and the Wynn casino before they stopped the smoking was better than the outside the Wynn casino in the street in terms of general public health and I think that within the casino, whether people are smoking or not in VIP rooms for example we are able with advanced air exchange methodology and technology to keep the employees free of any potential impact to secondary smoke. What is interesting in this conversation is that in conversations with the culinary union that ensures all of the people that work in these casinos will have smoking, there is no evidence whatsoever of any increase in emphysema, lung cancer or any other respiratory complication associated with working in a casino compared to the general public. So the threat represented that smoking in our buildings where we have very advanced air exchange technology maybe it's because everybody knows that the air is cleaner in middle of Las Vegas than anywhere else. I am sorry it's my dog barking in the back room. I beg your pardon. Anyway, the air exchange systems we use keep our casinos smoke free and although that hasnt been particularly important to the government in their determinations as time goes back I am hoping that will get a very matured and sophisticated look at this problem keeping first and foremost the health of our employees as the principal consideration.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital: Thank you very much. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joe Greff with JP Morgan
Joe Greff - JP Morgan: Good afternoon everybody. You did a nice job outperforming the market in Macau on the NAV side. Steve or Ian maybe can you talk a little bit about what you are doing there and do you actually think maybe the clients in VIP are giving you sort of this indirect benefit in that it frees up some rooms give the capacity to go after the premium mass customer and then obviously when Las Vegas stands reported earnings last week, they talked about competition in the mass of the premium mass segment that led to their having some margin degradation on those segment. Can you talk about that on your side as well? Thank you.
Steve Wynn: First question is there an increase in the mass because of pressure on VIP. I think the answer to that is yes. Is there margin pressure in Macau? Yes. The competition is I have said in previous calls is extremely intense. And if anything inhibits market growth then of course you see this either a loss of market share or a loss of margin. One of those two things has to happen. And we got new facilities coming on in Macau in the next two years including ourselves. We have got capacity increases coming in January in the existing Macau hotel, very dramatic capacity increase. In terms of these Junker rooms we are building too gorgeous VIP areas. And thats going to allow us to increase our mass a little bit again. So everybody is moving their floors. They are using their tables and their spaces intelligently, trying to protect their margins and to dedicate the table that are available to the most profitable usage. We are doing the same thing. But I am not surprised to hear that there is margin squeeze at the mass market. If we notice that too -- 
Unidentified Company Representative: In our mass market area our margins have been constant over the last three quarters. So give or take 100 basis points. They are just in our mass area, premium mass area. We have seen our margins stabilize. 
Steve Wynn: Which is no indication that will continue.
Joe Greff - JP Morgan: And when you look back at the three Q mass, was there anything seen interesting from a margin or expense perspective. Obviously 34.5% margin in the environment that are in Macau is a great result, is there anything that absent mass of mix changes thats not a good level to look at going forward? 
Steve Wynn: Well Joe, our mass and slots made up were in the third quarter but everybody has seen the October results for the market are down over 20% so clearly there is going to be more margin pressure going forward.
Joe Greff - JP Morgan: And when you look at the October-to-date results how much mass market growth acceleration is there? Thats a question, a lot of us are wondering right now.
Steve Wynn: Robert Gansmo, (inaudible) I don't know what our hold is in mass. I mean what our revenue I guess we keep forget about the whole because of the chip issues. But I really hate to describe this quarter based upon three weeks. I am very tentative about answering that one Joe. I just think if I am too preemptive and premature that I give you the wrong lead and I know that you're asking the question for all the right reasons, but I wish I had an answer that I could lean on, and I'm not comfortable on the short strength not with all the other things are going on in Hong Kong and smoking I am confused at the moment, Joe. Joe, that answered that question. Joe, I am confused at the moment.
Joe Greff - JP Morgan: You are not alone. Thank you very much.
Unidentified Company Representative: And the Joe the other point that is obvious October last year was up 25% or 30% in every segment. So the comp is also very difficult.
Steve Wynn: And we are although rise in Hong Kong, I mean really the government says no more smoking here and there. And so many of our customers and smokers that it is just too many moving parts for an intelligent response I think.
Joe Greff - JP Morgan: I think you are in the same spot with your clientele as we are with ourselves.
Operator: Your next question comes from Carlo Santarelli with Deutsche Bank.
Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank: Just to turn over to Cotai a little bit and the development there and obviously, it looks like maybe there's an incremental $100 million of spend associated with it. And I didn't see a lot of color on Phase 2. Could you guys kind of walk through how you are thinking about that project today, maybe with the increasing $100 million is, as well as how you are thinking about Phase 2?
Steve Wynn: Well certain changes had to be made in order to accommodate phase 2. We didn't want to get ahead of ourselves too far with regard to that until the government had responded and given us the appropriate kind of permission but some of it has crept into our Wynn Palace budget. But basically, our budgets are within one percent of what we had expected and I am very happy with the planning and that went into that job and the attention that is being given to Kamal and his team Mike Harvey and everybody in supervising that construction. The government has been cooperating and it's moving very nicely with the latent construction folks who built our other buildings. If I am not being responsive maybe you can redirect your question.
Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank: No, I think that was it. And more or less, I am assuming then, based on your answer, maybe that $100 million is for some piling and foundation work that would be associated with Phase 2?
Steve Wynn: Carlos, its a mathematic. So half of it was actually forecasted pre-opening expense, which we report and other companies do not because of the incremental payroll and other human resource programs that has been going on. And its not 100 million is just rounding, so its much less than a $100 million. 
Unidentified Company Representative: I think its sixty.
Steve Wynn: That's right, its 56 million. The second thing is we protected all of our contingency in our construction budget, so we were going to be able to utilize that going forward if there any other issues and current GMP is at 85% bought out or let. So we are feeling good on the construction site.
Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank: Great. That's helpful. And then, if I could, just a follow-up. Obviously, Steve as you noted earlier and I think we have talked about on prior calls that the mass hold percentage at 51% in Macau today. Other than reading into it that your premium mass business obviously is becoming a much bigger component of your overall mass, is there anything that you could say around that premium mass business that you guys have started doing differently to grow that business? It appears as though you are meaningfully bucking the trend of the market, especially in the premium mass.
Steve Wynn: Here is one of the things that we did. I guess in business and life you have to lucky even better than smart. We made a decision in the building of the palace which was a very important decision. If you're having a lake of 8 acres like Bellagio in front of the hotel, with all kinds of new, advanced water attractions including a Doppelmayr gondola that goes through fountains and into the hotel, you say okay what are we going to do with the lakeside property, which rings a 180 degrees of this link you to do stores, are you going to lobbies, restaurants, or what? When we made a decision, Mr. D. Butler my design partner and I, several years ago and I mean we inhaled and said okay, we're going to put all of our premium VIP business of every description on the water, every one of which every chamber every room from one end of the building to the other will be on the water, looking at the fountains and water show. And every one of them will have bathrooms, food and smoking balconies and our entire hotel is got balconies all around the lake on all of the VIP and mass rooms. This is going to turn out to be a windfall kind of event because folks are going to be able gamble and step outside 8 or 10 feet, look at the water and if they've got a yen and to continue to smoke, they will be able to do so outside. We were very advantaged by the basic plan of the palace, which puts all of the important gambling with terraces all of it, it turns out to be quite fortuitous and I wish I could take credit for having thought of it in advance but it just worked out right. We didn't expect that the government would active as aggressively and as dynamically as they have on the smoking issue but having done so we find ourselves in position that we've accommodated in our new hotel.
Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank: Got it, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Shaun Kelley with BofA Merrill Lynch.
Shaun Kelley - BofA Merrill Lynch: Good afternoon. We've spent a lot of time talking about the mass business, so I figured out, just switch gears and just ask about VIP. Could you just give us your kind of latest thoughts on what you are hearing from some of your junket partners. There is obviously always discussion in the market about this, but just maybe an update on credit settlement, and your kind of general view on maybe when some of those higher-end VIPs start to take a little bit more risk and step back into the market?
Steve Wynn: Dont know. What we are giving them is sympathy, what can we say to them? I mean they have to take the business the way they find it and assess their own risk. Our policy was rather  we got short string on all this stuff and they respected that maybe some of the competitors of length of the string, we haven't had to do that.
Shaun Kelley - BofA Merrill Lynch: Maybe I can ask you this way. Just any sense, obviously, I think everyone -- both the junkets, the casinos, lending -- everyone has probably taken a step back, and to wait and see -- do you think things are getting worse at this moment, Steve? Or do you think it is fairly like things are starting to settle down and now everybody is just wait and see mode.
Steve Wynn: That's an easy question. Its worse in October than it was before October. So if you're asking what is the nadir of our experience, it is current.
Shaun Kelley - BofA Merrill Lynch: Okay. That is very helpful. And then the other question I have was just if you could give us a quick kind of preview, your latest thoughts on the West Casino zone renovation? Because you did mention, I think, in some of your remarks that you got some interesting features there that might help out when that opens for -- I believe in January.
Steve Wynn: It is going to open in January and to we are getting ready to install wall covering and stuff like that, the walls are up and is on schedule. It was a very, very complicated construction job because we had the replumb and do things in the floor and other things like that it's a very dynamic. Its fanciest high-limit gambling place that we could use in our experience for any customer whether it's our own customer or a junket operator and by being able to have these, I being able to have this whole fabulous end for them. It frees up some of the rest of the place for us to use in other ways. It also allowed us in terms of the general flow of the casino to compress to offer the, to put these junket and these high limit gambling areas right next to MGM and have access from the outside for pedestrians directly into the space without having to navigate the whole floor of the building and all those buildings rather large that it's big convenience issue, and it also allowed us to compress and to improve the general flow of Wynn Macau, so that it would support and enhance the usage of the mass tables. The whole project was well considered, long considered before the team in Macau before Ian and Linda and everybody finally signed off on it, we had many iterations to try and catch up with all of the things we wish we had done when we built the place in the first place. Every one of these resorts, no matter how carefully considered, take on a life of their own after they open and then you find yourself saying wow I didn't know that the people would go there instead of here, I didn't know that would work the way it's working, and then you say well how can we adjust some of that is really hard to get to. You wished it, you could make a change that is clearly beneficial, but it involves interruption of business and some basic reconfiguration. Well, we decided to take that step. After several years of operation in view of the fact that were going to compete with ourselves at Wynn palace. We want to make sure that Wynn Loss Vegas held as position as a premier stop for all of the top players and the things that we've done in the past eighteen months to reconfigure the wind casino. I think we all believe, at least, do exactly that. And so we can't wait to see the impact which will show up in the first quarter. I am hoping we will be able to talk about that with you in April.
Shaun Kelley - BofA Merrill Lynch: Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Harry Curtis with Nomura.
Harry Curtis - Nomura: Question going back to the Palace, on the last call Steve, you talked about taking delivery and I think it was December of 15 when you commented it's still on time. Do you still expect December 2015 delivery?
Steve Wynn: Yes we begin to get the spaces turned over to us for stocking the kitchens and cleaning, preparing all the rooms, housekeeping is on the job and then we turned the place in late December and in January into campus and it is our practice to first take the staff and give them the building for themselves for a couple of weeks to practice in which we bring all the systems, we go to all of our backups. We have all of our employees stay in the rooms. We test everything over and over again because we have a very strong opinion that you only have one chance at a grand opening to make that that wonderful initial impression and considering they were going against such wonderful competition at Galaxy and City of Dreams and the Sands Company, with all the products that Sheldon and at Packard and Lawrence Ho and Francis Louis have done. We want to make sure that when we open the Palace that everybody is impressed. So we are going to have rehearsals and that campus that I referred to the training facility, we hopeful take place in January when we had a chance to move in and get the drovers filled with pencils and papers in linen put away, the carpets vacuumed, the freezer boxes and walk-in coolers stocked and we start cooking in the kitchen's and all the chefs tell us that we did a lousy job designing the kitchens, as they always do. We also have adopted a policy of entertainment. We know that in Macau people gamble and shop and eat and what we have said was in that case, let's take the entertainment aspect of the hotel into the restaurants where they surely be really enjoyed. So we have done things we've never done before in restaurants, one particular restaurant is a continuous series of entertainment vignettes, walls, open, and it is a stage and at some very fanciful and unique things take place. In other restaurants other things of that sort, every one of our restaurants has entertainment quotient to it. We have decentralized entertainment in each of the restaurants and of course in the front yard and in other places in the hotel, the lobbies, the entrances, they are all animated, animated expensive entertainment attractions. We are spending hundreds of millions of dollars on entertainment in this facility so that literally the hotel itself is the show.
Harry Curtis  Nomura: Steve, just as a quick follow-up, in the last quarter, you made a prediction on the number of tables that you thought you got  you would be getting and there is a lot of debate around that and it is probably fairly opaque, but can you give us an update on your level of confidence that you can still get over 550 tables?
Steve Wynn: Well, the only reason I said that is because I discussed it with the government and I was giving  I was given permission for it. But again in China the final proof is in the  in what happens when you open, and the government has still control of those sorts of things. I dont have any reason to believe that we would be allowed to build the building that was very carefully reviewed and examined by the government, and then the surprise, I suppose it is possible. But I dont have any history in Macau that would suggest that that is probable. I know that our competitors all have and offer freely their opinion of what is going to happen to us. But competitors have always done that. I remember that two weeks before we opened Mirage, an unnamed competitor, but as Forbes magazine said to me, an unnamed insider  gaming insiders have said that you cant make it that your overhead is too high and that the Mirage is going to go broke. Our competitors always seem to have a very, very confident view of what is going to happen to us. I dont much pay attention to that. I do pay attention to what the government says to us and of course I pay attention to our own history there, and the government has been very steadfast in the way they have handled their relationships with us. They told us what they expect. They have taken their time to approve what we have suggested we want to build. They have examined our programs carefully, made suggestions and when appropriate they have given us the green light to go ahead and build these places. That is the frame of mind I am in. maybe I am a Pollyanna. But I think that I am taking new and practical approach. 
Harry Curtis  Nomura: That does it for me, Steve. Thanks.
Steve Wynn: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Thomas Allen with Morgan Stanley.
Thomas Allen  Morgan Stanley: Hi, on Macau mass-market margins, you talked about the risk to [Indiscernible] revenue flows. I think we all know about in terms of labor and operating cost inflation, but in terms of promotional spending on the VIP side, you have always been able to keep your commission steady when we have seen increases in market, do you think you are into the same on the mass market side [Indiscernible] of premium mass customers?
Steve Wynn: It is that at the end of the day the critical decision of where to gamble is made by the customer. Local operators and hosts and marketing people whatever their particular titles maybe, they service those customers. So when you  when you are in our position, when you are in our side of this discussion, it is the product that you put out that determines the strength of your competitive posture. The reason that the observation you made is accurate is because the product that we produced was always a little bit better and the service a little bit better, at least in the eyes of the customers than what they could find elsewhere. When we took up the idea of building a hotel in Cotai we recognized the quality of the competition, and that sharpened our senses and made us even more self-critical than we have ever been before. So that we came to the conclusion that we had to re-examine every part of the hotel and everything that we were going to say to the clientele in terms of service, food and beverage, entertainment and of course, user-friendliness in the gaming areas of the building. With the firm belief based upon our own history and in the end that would give us whatever leverage was available under the circumstances. If you were to change places with us Im sure that you would come to the same conclusion. Now every time that you operate on any premise, reality sets in and the facts expose themselves over a period of time. I have told you how careful we were in Wynn Palace and the great respect we had for our neighbors, and we acted accordingly in conceiving of the hotel. It is the best job we have done I think in my career. I am operating with a group of the most talented, most experienced people that have ever worked in the gaming industry from Gamal Aziz, Linda Chen, and the staff of people that work for them in marketing, to Ian Coughlans experience in the hospitality industry and the experience he has gained over the years as the gaming president, all of this has come to bear, and everyone of these people have really focused hard on everything that we are doing. In the long run, it will be the human resources of the leadership of this company and the staff that determine the outcome. And I go to bed every night with the firm conviction of that truth and no other, and then I leave the guesswork to other people. I dont know if Im being helpful to you. All I can do is share with you the mentality of our management, and for investors, that is of course the end of the conversation, the only thing that matters.
Thomas Allen  Morgan Stanley : That is helpful. So just I mean slightly shorter term though if we do see some kind of emotional spending more in the near term, do you think that you have to compete there, or do you think the quality of your product before Palace opens is strong enough that you really wouldnt have to get into that game?
Steve Wynn: You can do all the things that I just mentioned, but at the end of the day we have to deal with the situation as we find it. And each company tends to give away in terms of promotional allowances to its customers about as much as they can without being self destructive. That number is subject to change from time to time. Incidentally it is subject to change down as well as up. Sometimes people overspend in promotional allowances and it becomes an exercise in futility, in which case you back off or the executives get changed and somebody new comes in to run the place. One of the two things happens. If you find yourself in an advantageous position and you think that by increasing promotional allowances you can have more money to the bottom line even if it means the margin percentage is less, well then you go for that. I know that my friend, Sheldon Adelson, has that kind of mentality with his business. And so margin percentage matters, but what about the money? At the end of the day that is the only thing that matters is if you will excuse the clich at the end of the day everybody says that. But in the final analysis it is the money, isnt it, and youve got to take the market month by month I think.
Thomas Allen  Morgan Stanley : Thank you, and then just two quick follow-ups on Vegas, one, you reported really strong RevPAR growth of around  up 8% this quarter, can you just talk about forward bookings a little bit, there is obviously the really hard comp and 1Q with ConAg do things look like they are just going to kind of build the strength going from strength to strength or could things slow a little bit?
Steve Wynn: Well, last month I raised the rates by 18% of our hotels in Las Vegas through online booking agents and to everybody else, and we benefited from it. That is why our RevPAR is up. That is one of the fun things you get to do and you got a better mousetrap. I think its probably a poor choice of words. These places are hardly mousetraps at $5 billion -- costs.
Thomas Allen  Morgan Stanley : And Steve the Vegas property EBITDA peaked last cycle around $420 million, you have 75% more rooms today, could you see that kind of increase in terms of the EBITDA that does kind of this cycle, then Im done, I promise?
Steve Wynn: We have passed $420 million already. Pardon me?
Frank Cassella: 486 last year.
Steve Wynn: We did 486 last year, and we are  we have got 520 for the last  for the recent 12 months, 526, I think and Im hoping that the fourth quarter will get us over 500 for this calendar year. Itll be  itll be a countdown sort of thing in December because all the money comes at the end. But it seems okay, but again we are an international place, and we get a lot of Chinese and Latin business, and things going on in the world affect us a lot in our place. But we will have the most profitable hotel in Las Vegas without a doubt. There is no question about that. Conde Nast Traveler made us the leading hotel last week in Las Vegas, again based upon visitor voting, which was satisfying to us to get that distinction, and so Im happy about that. You take care of your building, you keep working with your employees to make them more effective, more self-conscious, more aware of their personal responsibility in the building. In the long run, it is a slow  it is the hare and the turtle. It really is a marathon not a sprint and we are enjoying the benefits of our  of being steadfast here.
Thomas Allen  Morgan Stanley : Great. Thank you.
Steve Wynn: Sure.
Operator: And your last question comes from the line of Robin Farley with UBS.
Robin Farley - UBS: Great, thanks. two questions, one is, can you talk a little bit about your own experience with collections to the degree where you do have direct VIP business, I know others have asked about junket collections, so I wonder if you could talk a little bit about your experience with that on the direct VIP, and then unrelated to Macau can you just share any thoughts on your interest in Japan, potentially if Japan doesnt allow resorts to be opened to locals, how that would affect your interest, thanks?
Steve Wynn: I will take the last part and I will let Matt do the first part Robin. I dont know what is going to happen in Japan. I think speculating on Japan at this moment is really, really from our point of view not productive. The situation there is undefined by any measure of close scrutiny, undefined. I do feel that any interest in broadening the ability for people to gamble in Japan is based upon employment, increasing tourism and that sort of thing, and I think that the Japanese government is well enough informed. They can understand that a foreigner owner  a foreigners-only casino would not get that job done for them. I am pretty confident that they would come to that conclusion. And I think they want to keep the money at home if they do this at all. So I dont think it is going to turn out that way. If it turns out at all, I think probably the more important question is have they got to do it at all Robin, and I dont think  and I think that is undefined at the moment. With regard to our collections, I will turn that over to Matthew.
Matt Maddox: So Robin in the third quarter in our direct program turnover was relatively flat with last year. The decline in VIP was largely in the junket area, and our collections in our individual program have been very steady. We havent seen a slowdown in that because we remain cautious in who we issue the credit to and we know our customers well.
Robin Farley - UBS: Okay, great. Thank you.
Steve Wynn: Are there any other questions?
Operator: There are no further questions today. Are there any closing remarks?
Steve Wynn: Matt? Gamal do you have any  Gamal you were quiet on this call, do you have any comments?
Gamal Aziz: Just that we are on track Steve and we are feeling pretty good and very confident about the opening date, about the interest in employment for our property. We are getting early signs of tremendous talents wanting to be a part of Wynn Palace in the future, so we feel pretty good and very confident about Wynn Palace at this point.
Steve Wynn: Linda do you want to make  do you want to make any  if you want to make any projections or I think everybody is so curious about the junket operators, you are the closest one in the family to all of that. You want to go out on a limb and make any predictions or you want to stay safe?
Linda Chen: I dont want to make any predictions, but I think it is no secret to anyone that the junkets are being cautious and they are being conservative. So no different than that the retail sensitivity for not spending lavishly during a market time like this. So  
Steve Wynn: Yes, you dont  yes.
Linda Chen: Go ahead.
Steve Wynn: Louis Vuitton, Christian Dior, and folks like that, and Cartier and Chanel are noticing all through China the same thing that were talking about today.
Linda Chen: Yes, but I think they are being very responsive  being conservative and they are also taking this slow time to, if you may, reorganize. So the mode of the market was to expand and expand are limited. Now they are actually consolidating. So no different than any other major industry that when they face a financial difference in thinking, whatever, so, now the time is for them to be relooking at their future, which I actually think it is a very positive outlook if they are being responsible about it.
Steve Wynn: Well, they are the best thoughts of all of us to the folks on the call, our competitors of course, are listening to all of them I say hi, and wish them well, and we will speak to you again in three months or so. Bye-bye everybody.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in todays conference call. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-07-29 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Lewis Fanger - VP Matt Maddox - President Steve Wynn - Chairman of the Board and CEO Robert Gansmo - SVP and CFO, Wynn Palace Frank Cassella - SVP and CFO, Wynn Macau Stephen Cootey - SVP, CFO and Treasurer Scott Peterson - SVP and CFO, Wynn Las Vegas, LLC Maurice Wooden - President, Wynn Las Vegas, LLC Gamal Aziz - President for Wynn Macau, Limited Linda Chen - President, Wynn International Marketing, Ltd
Analysts: Joe Greff - JP Morgan Shaun Kelley - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital Steven Kent - Goldman Sachs Harry Curtis - Nomura Robin Farley - UBS Tom Marsico - Marsico Capital Management
Operator: Good morning. My name is Stephanie, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Wynn Resorts Second Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions). Mr. Lewis Fanger, Vice President at Wynn Resorts, you may begin your conference.
Lewis Fanger: Good morning and thank you. Joining the call today are Matt Maddox, Kim Sinatra; Steve Cootey; Maurice Wooden; Scott Peterson here in Las Vegas, and we have Steve Wynn and the Macau operating team dialing in from Macau. With that said, I will turn it over to Matt Maddox.
Matt Maddox: Good morning or evening for everyone in Asia. Before we get started, I just want to remind everybody that we will be making forward-looking statements under the Safe Harbor of Federal Securities laws, and those statements may or may not come true. So I am going to go ahead and turn it over to Steve in Macau to get this started.
Steve Wynn: As usual, the numbers should speak for themselves. We are very happy with our business this past quarter. I am going to engage in a little different approach in a moment, but with regard to the most important thing in this company, the progress of our construction and our $4 billion Wynn Palace hotel in Cotai, I am happy to say we are on budget, we are proceeding apace on schedule, and we are about 18 months out, and still feeling that we will make Chinese New Year of 2016. The most frequently asked question of all of us, whether in United States or in China, is what about Cotai? What about that Chinese market? Are the vacillations of the economy in China changing anything? How do you feel about your prospects of opening the palace? What about cannibalization? What will happen to the peninsula when you open? The very-very common sense rational questions have come at us, and as we get closer, they become more frequent, and I think that one of the things we can do on a conference call like this today, is to give some really serious guidance on how people who have an interest in this company, who are on this call, analysts, investors, and even our competitors, can address that question and come up with a very predictable and rational answer. In order to do that exercise with you today, I am going to look at the past and at the present, as we try and understand the future, and I have decided to use a mechanism to explain our company and our business plan, by comparing ourselves to what I consider to be the most profitable company in gaming, the sands. There are neighbors in Las Vegas, and then our neighbors here in China. And they are a very-very well run company, we admire them, and enjoy being a neighbor. But as is the case so often in gaming, historically and currently, we have a completely different business plan. What are the words that you hear so often in the press and in this industry is the integrated resorts, and that word has been bounced around enough, that we wanted to find that on our own terms. When we say integrated resorts, a very important word to us, we mean that the entire place is held together, the enterprise, by a notion of who our customers are, and how we are going to appeal to them; and then we make sure that every part of the facility is integrated in that concept, in that idea from the facility itself, and especially to the staffing of that facility, the kind of people we look to hire, and retain as executives and employees, and if we are right, and we have integrated properly, then retail, slot machines, food and beverage, room rates, and most of all profitability, will reflect the truth or the validity of that concept that is at the heart of our enterprise. And as I say, the best way to do that, is to compare ourselves to The Sands, the most profitable company in gaming and with operations all over the world, including Macau and Las Vegas. But The Sands has a different approach than we do, and we are going to define ourselves by giving some comparisons, and these comparisons that we are going to give, of our business plan versus The Sands. I think probably shed more light on what investors and analysts can expect about our company, as we go forward in the next 18 months, and launch Wynn Palace. First of all, in Macau, The Sands has ten times as many rooms as we do. They have -- we have 1,000, they have 10,000. They have multiples of machines, multiples of tables, multiples of square footage of retail being operated, and multiples of restaurants. They are twice the EBITDA of our company, a little better than twice, we are approximately half as profitable in Macau as The Sands, with only 10% of the rooms. I am going to ask my colleagues here to give you some of the data that compares the performance of Wynn to its neighbor, and let's start with retail sales. Robert or Frank, you want to take that?
Frank Cassella: Tenant sales per square foot at Wynn Macau was 17,000 versus Sands Group at 2,400.
Steve Wynn: And we get to take 145% of that as rent. Let's talk about slot machine.
Robert Gansmo: Wynn per unit slot was 105,000 versus their 36,000, close to three times theirs.
Steve Wynn: About three times, about the tables?
Robert Gansmo: Tables, Wynn per unit, 2.4 million versus their 1.5 million -- 1.5 times theirs.
Steve Wynn: That ratio, they have 150% of the rooms in Las Vegas. That ratio of 3.5, the yield, compare us to them, we are 3.5 times per unit, that is about the same in Las Vegas, where they have 7,100 rooms and we have 4,700. Our run rate for the past six months through June 30 of Las Vegas is a little over $1.5 billion in EBITDA, $501 million, and July has picked up that rate, both here and there. Let's talk about average room in Macau for a moment.
Frank Cassella: Our average room rate was 334. Theirs was an average of 210.
Steve Wynn: 210 versus 334, right. So the reason I mentioned that, is that they make a ton of money. But the approach that we take, each of these companies, is quite different one from the other. We have integrated all of our departments, under the notion that we are after a certain customer, that has an awful lot of discretionary income. We understand that customer both in America and in China and everything we do here with our staffing and the preparation of our facilities, is directed at integrating everything for that customer and anticipating their needs. The good news is, is that we have these yields and we are profitable, probably much more so than our size. But the bad news is, is that we are a little slower getting online. In order to integrate these resorts and produce the kind of results that we are describing here today, we have to really grind on every aspect of our buildings, as we build them. So it takes us longer in design development. Our detail is time consuming. I guess the best summary of what we do, and so our EBITDA per room in Las Vegas is what, compared to our neighbors?
Stephen Cootey: 34,000 versus 9,300. 3.6 times.
Steve Wynn: Okay. And Scott in Las Vegas, how does it look? Is it the same?
Scott Peterson: Yeah, that was Las Vegas.
Stephen Cootey: That was Las Vegas Steve.
Frank Cassella: Oh, Macau EBITDA per room is 304,000 versus 80,000.
Steve Wynn: 304,000 versus 80,000. Now, as I say, The Sands is the most profitable company in gaming, and a company that has my complete admiration. The point I am trying to make here today, is that when you ask what will happen to us, when we double our tables and increase our rooms by 170%, we tend to have a very positive expectation about a project like that, and that allows us safely to spend $4 billion on a facility in Cotai. To summarize, I think everything about our company is rooted in the principle of a story very old, but still relevant, the three little pigs. We build houses of brick, and our houses of brick take a little longer to erect than some of the others. But they're built for the long term, and we are seeing that now. We are seeing it through this day, these last few days of July, both in Nevada and in Macau. So having made that point, I hope it will be helpful in distinguishing our business plan from our competitors, and maybe be a little bit instructive for those people who are trying to understand what will happen, when we open up in 18 months. Primarily, we are making sure, that we do not cannibalize the peninsula. Our occupancy is 98.4%. We have more demand in the premium mass market than we can handle, and we can do this on purpose, because we want to make sure that as 2016 Chinese New Year rolls around in January, 18 months from now, that we will be able to spread our wings and keep flying at the same altitude. I think its time therefore to take questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Your first question comes from the line of Joe Greff with JP Morgan. Your line is open.
Joe Greff - JP Morgan: Hello all. I have a question on the margins in the calendar second quarter. They were a little bit below what we expected, particularly given the relative growth rates of mass versus VIP. Can you help us explain, were there any other one time issues, any kind of hold in the direct VIP business that had a negative impact on margins, or were there any kind of one time labor expenses that had compression on margins?
Steve Wynn: Matt or --?
Matt Maddox: Sure, so Joe, you're right on the labor side, we had $21 million in additional labor expense. As you know, we announced the additional bonus that had not been accrued for in the first quarter in April, and so about $6 million of that $21 million was one time, but that was one thing that affected earnings. Secondly, we did hold lower in the direct program in our life-to-date norm.
Joe Greff - JP Morgan: Are you able to quantify that direct low hold impact?
Matt Maddox: No, I don't want to get into that, we usually don't do that. But I can tell you that that -- we did hold about 100 basis points lower than our norm in the direct program.
Joe Greff - JP Morgan: Got it. And just broadly, can you talk about the premium mass growth that you obviously talked about just a few moments ago. How much of that is really a trade-down from the VIP into that premium mass, versus some organic metric on newer mass premium players or existing premium mass players wagering more?
Steve Wynn: That question is so complicated, I don't know how to answer. Joe, you're up. You seem to be ahead of us on this. We saw a slowdown during June, in some of the junket operators. Interestingly enough, it was the smaller, more thinly capitalized junket operators, but the bigger junket operators did just fine, and then the business, I can tell you, because its a public conversation today, that the business in July ticks back up again at the junkets. We are having a good month with our junket operators. So whatever, however choppy it was in June, we are seeing that sort of flatten out again, and do better in July. We are having the best July ever in the history of Las Vegas, and probably the best July in the history of Macau.
Joe Greff - JP Morgan: And do you think Vegas is benefiting? Do you think Las Vegas is benefiting from some of the Macau VIP players, maybe foregoing a trip to Macau and heading to Vegas, or are we just sharing something that's very anecdotal at this point?
Steve Wynn: It's anecdotal at this point Joe. I will ask Matt or Steve Cootey or Frank or Robert or Gamal is sitting here. Gamal is very-very preoccupied with Cotai at the moment, but the guys were playing with numbers, you guys have anything to add to that?
Matt Maddox: And Maurice is here too, we have been discussing that a lot internally Steve.
Steve Wynn: I mean, we have the biggest share of Asian and Latin business in Nevada, and we have had, since I built the Mirage and Bellagio, and Wynns, and encore. Nothing has changed in the last 30 years, as far as our position with Asian and Latin players. We have always been able to keep an edge in that are of casino marketing. As long as I can remember, its going on 30 odd years now. Yeah?
Maurice Wooden: In Las Vegas, we have been fortunate that every segment in the gaming areas, so all international, domestic and slots have been up. And so it really isn't just where we feel its just the contribution of additional Far East customers coming here during that period, its really all segments.
Steve Wynn: Well there you are. That was Maurice Wooden, Joe. Let's take our next question.
Joe Greff - JP Morgan: Great. Thank you guys. That's all for me.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Shaun Kelley with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Shaun Kelley - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hi. Good morning and good evening everybody. I was just wondering Steve, I think last quarter, you gave a much better prognosis for kind of your overall outlook for Las Vegas. It seems like that operating environment is continuing to -- could you just give us a little bit more color on what you guys are seeing right now in that business, and then anybody who is online, any color on kind of -- particularly in the summer, Vegas suffers from some seasonal softness, usually due to kind of less convention in group business. So what you guys are seeing on bookings from some of that corporate activity in Vegas would be helpful?
Steve Wynn: We are knocking -- I mean, we got a couple of nights left. We are pushing $50 million this month in Las Vegas. I never had a $50 million in July in my business career, 40 odd years in gaming. Maurice, I think this is your area.
Maurice Wooden: So we actually have focused early in the year, looking at the summer, and then obviously we are looking now, toward the end of the year, as far as making sure we have all of our calendars loaded for opportunities. And so summer is one where we dialed in, and we recognized that if we get contribution from all of the different environments, including hospitality, which is the retail, food and beverage, and then on the slot side, as well as the -- again gaming side, we felt like this was an opportunity for us to be able to really take and hopefully accelerate what we were doing earlier in the year. And what we have seen is, is we have continued momentum, and we have been very busy, it has been a very active summer, and we feel like we have a very calendar going forward toward the end of the year, and so we are very optimistic.
Steve Wynn: We want to be the first company to break through calendar year of over $0.5 billion of profit in Las Vegas, beginning to sound a little bit like Macau; and in order to do that, we have to do $37 million a month for the last six months of the year. Well if we hit $50 million in July, that $30 million -- we'd do that a couple of months, we won't even need December. I am dying to do this. All of us at the company, we are watching this kind of stuff by the day. I mean, we run the company long term, but we have such fun short term. Playing these kind of games and setting these weekly, monthly goals for ourselves. So it helps. But I don't know what other color to give you on this.
Shaun Kelley - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: I think that's helpful. And I guess, just my other question would be a specific one in Macau. So it looked like some of the retail and other maybe entertainment revenues were a little light, versus what we have seen in the last couple of years. Anything to call out on that, specifically in Macau? Is there anything, the retail shops or anything that was -- that we're seeing; and you guys saw a difference in customer behavior there, with any of the corruption stuff or anything that might have impacted that?
Steve Wynn: The corruption stuff, the idea that the central government is making a concerted effort to clarify to the citizens of the People's Republic of China that the government is not corrupt, is probably a wonderful thing. I know President Z has made that a centerpiece of this administration. As far as whether we are feeling implications of that in our retail business, that's a very tricky question. I don't know how to answer that. Robert Gansmo, Gamal, any of you guys have a take on that kind of question?
Robert Gansmo: It was mostly in the watch boutique, it wasn't really across the board. Its specific to a kind of a buyer.
Steve Wynn: Yeah, we noticed weakness in the watch boutique area. Sometimes if there is a lot of publicity -- I am going to speculate. There is a lot of publicity, that China is going to have a slowdown, or China is having this or China is doing this. People who live in China, businessmen read that, and just like they do it in America, businessmen, they just take their eye off their own business, and they say I better pull back if that's going on. I don't want to be the last one to react, and they behave preemptively [ph], without actually having a reason to do it, other than the publicity. We are getting that feeling here, that everybody sort of overreacted. The fact that the government is behaving in a very responsible and serious steadfast way, is good news for everybody. But it has a different effect on people emotionally. We see that in the United States as well.
Shaun Kelley - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: No, no, no, I think that's really helpful. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Carlo Santarelli with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank: Hey guys. I just wanted to follow-up on one comment that you made Steve, regarding July. I thought you said you were having a record month as well in Macau. Just given maybe some of the trends that we are seeing in the market through July, I think, most people are speculating, the market is probably down low to mid single digits for the month. But you guys obviously sound like you are having a pretty good go of it. Could you maybe attempt to quantify is that a share gain, and if so on the VIP side or the mass side?
Steve Wynn: I don't know if its a share gain. But we haven't had a July as robust as this one since 2011?
Matt Maddox: Since 2011. This is going to be our best July, Carlo, and its really across the board. We are stabilizing on the VIP side. We are growing on the mass and slots and its going to be a great July.
Steve Wynn: And that in spite of the fact, that those guys at Cotai, namely The Sands and Galaxy and the City of Dreams, they have got really fabulous places, and they know how to run. I mean, the competition, I said it last quarter, I am saying again, this is a very-very serious place, the staff at these hotels are all super pro, and we are enjoying this sunny season, here on the peninsula, which everybody was predicting was going to be yesterday's newspaper. Hardly the case, hardly the case. Again, I want to point out, that we have never as a company, in my business career, have never been anywhere, except an intensely competitive market. We thrive on the intensity of the competition that's almost, we do better when the temperature is hotter, as far as competition goes; because all these wonderful hotels, bring all these people to town, and we get a crack at everybody with our program. And so, we are enjoying the competition here.
Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank: Understood. Thank you. And just if I could ask one quick follow-up on your table and slot count in Macau? Obviously both were down in the period. Does that have anything to do with, maybe some retrofitting for the smoking, or how should we be looking at the change in counts?
Steve Wynn: I am glad you mentioned that. We are in construction on the whole south end of the original Wynn casino, and we are adding two really spectacular spaces, that we decided we wanted to introduce into the market for Chinese New Year, one year ahead of Cotai. And so we took and closed half of that casino months ago, and started a very expensive $60 million, am I right Mike? $60 million presentation. In order to make sure that Wynn Macau could hold its head up against even Wynn Palace, we decided to do this really gorgeous thing, which we are going to show everybody for Chinese New Year in January, one year before the Wynn Palace opens up, Wynn Macau is going to get a shot in the arm, that will -- is going to be very important. So we closed -- we are doing these numbers, with a big chunk of our casino shutdown.
Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank: Thank you everybody.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Felicia Hendrix with Barclays. Your line is open.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital: Hi thank you. Good morning, good evening. Matt, just starting off with just a point of clarification. So it seems like there will be an incremental bonus expense of about $15 million per quarter on a going forward basis?
Matt Maddox: No, no, no, no. The second quarter we had to catch-up for the first quarter. On a going forward, its between $5 million to $7 million per quarter.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital: Okay, thank you.
Matt Maddox: And that would be rolling in, in 2015.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital: Right. Okay. And then, just also, on the [indiscernible] at your properties there now, it looks like the promotional expense run rate is increase on the premium outside of your business. I was just wondering if you could help us quantify for that, or how to think about that?
Matt Maddox: What I can say on that Felicia, is that, our margins have remained very steady in our mass and slots. So I wouldn't want to get into how much money we are spending to generate these type of returns, but our margins have held in both mass and slot business in Macau.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital: That's very helpful, thank you. And Gamal, my final question is on labor, particularly with the dealers, and as you plan for the opening of Wynn Palace; just wondering, can you talk a bit about how you are thinking about staffing the gaming tables, and how you're going to manage and potentially mitigate the labor inflation that we might see there?
Gamal Aziz: I think what Mr. Wynn has done in February by having an increased bonus and offering shares has made this property and this company far more popular than any of our competition; and we have seen a drop in the turnover in number of employees that leave the company. I think we will have a much better opportunity finding that labor as we open. So I think we will be in pretty good shape when it comes to that.
Steve Wynn: But you know all the competition or on the call, everybody knows what everybody is doing, there is no secrets here. We are all friends. We are all watching each other, and everybody is going to try and take their best shot, to make sure they are properly staffed. Okay. Let's say that's true. It's also true today. Everybody is perfectly staffed. No one short of employees. Everybody has got dealers and waitresses and cooks and housekeeping, and we all got them from the same place. So what happened? We got five stars in all of our hotels. Our service levels are integrated with our business plan. What do you think is going to happen 18 months from now? Exactly the same thing. That's the reason I went through that whole dissertation, when we started the call. Sure, there is always challenges. There is challenges for Galaxy, there is challenges for City of Dreams at SJM, and there's certainly challenges for Venetian and The Sands. But the fact of the matter is, the way we meet those challenges, and the results that our business plans produce are clearly visible to you, and have been for the past 10 years or more. So the past and the present at the clearest indication of where its going. The economy, the competitive market always moves here and there, up and down, sideways, left and right, but its the program, and the management philosophies, the business plans at their core that define these companies, and tell you where they are going to go.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital: Okay. Thanks.
Steve Wynn: Yeah, thanks Felicia.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven Kent with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Steven Kent - Goldman Sachs: Hi, good afternoon. Two questions; first, maybe we miscalculated something, but it looks like the number of slot machines declined in the Macau, and I just was wondering what the strategy --
Steve Wynn: Its a remodel, Steve.
Steven Kent - Goldman Sachs: Okay, perfect. So that will move back up, once that remodel is done?
Steve Wynn: I don't know. I am not quite sure. We find that we can win the money with less equipment in Las Vegas. We are winning more money, and I think we dropped off 10% or 15% of our machines, because we changed the presentation of our floor. We didn't want to look like everybody else. Its not about how many machines, its who's playing them.
Gamal Aziz: Steve, this is Gamal. We basically, with the drop in the number of units, our slot per unit per day has increased substantially as you see in the numbers. So its really about those 20% of the customers, giving us 80% of our profit in slots. That's our focus, and that's why we have been incredibly successful in the last six or nine months, focusing on those customers.
Steve Wynn: Does that answer your question Steve?
Steven Kent - Goldman Sachs: Yeah that actually goes to sort of the second part of the question, which is just the way you have managed your customer base; because Steve as you said in the beginning, you're going to have more capacity yet by every metric that you described, you get more profit, more revenue per unit. As you open up the Palace, is there -- I know you feel confident that you will be able to maintain some of those numbers, but why won't there be some dilution? Do you have some sense to some of those metrics, that there is even more depth behind that, meaning that there are even more affluent high end customers who want the Wynn experience, who will pay similar numbers to what you're achieving in the existing -- in the existing property?
Steve Wynn: Perfect question, and we can answer that question; not because I say so, let's just look at it from an entirely different perspective. We had revenues per unit and EBITDA per room and all that other metric stuff, three years ago, and we looked cool compared to the competitors, and you know, we are grateful for that. Then what happened? The Sands, the Galaxy, the Melco guys, SJM built brand new hotels, we didn't. They built gorgeous new hotels. They have put in beautiful VIP rooms. They dealt with the same junket operators we did. They put out the promotional allowances to the slots. They built magnificent suites. They did everything -- it appears we do. And what happened to us? Absolutely nothing. Now if we can hold our head up against that kind of competition, I am not saying that demand is perfectly elastic for any company, but I am saying, that there is an awful lot of evidence on the table to indicate that demand for our product may be a hell of a lot more elastic than you might think. And I say that, not out of bravado, or because I am trying to make myself believe, I am just asking anybody who is on this call, including my dinner pal, Sheldon Adelson. What are we looking at? What determines the future? The situation today, nobody can say that the demand is perfectly elastic. But what I am saying is, if you're wondering what's going to happen to us in 2016, take a look at what's happening right now, when we are up against the toughest guys in the world, who really know what to do. The facilities at the Venetian are par excellence. The facilities at the Galaxy and at Melco, everybody has really come out of the box, A number one, first class. Its something else that's going on here. Its about a program, a sense of [indiscernible] that starts with the employees and goes from top to bottom. We have been doing it a long time. probably -- that's another advantage we have. At this point in my life, I guess I am the oldest operator in terms of time on the job of the gang of bosses, that include Francis Loi and Lawrence Ho and Sheldon and myself. I think I have been at it, not as long as Stanley Ho, but probably longer than the guys who work for Stanley. So we've had a chance to make virtually every mistake you can make and we are making new ones now. But we have got our own game now, and we don't play the same game that the other guys do, and that's one of the reasons why Macau is such a healthy place today, because there is a choice between the Venetian, the Galaxy, a City of Dreams, and a Wynn kind of place, and that menu, that choice is at the heart of the longevity of Las Vegas against Indian Casinos in California. Remember when they said, if they have real gambling in California, you can roll up the streets in Las Vegas? Not quite. Not quite. We adjust, but our program, and our sense of ourselves has not changed. So again, I am not guaranteeing what the results are going to be in Cotai, but I am telling you why we feel sort of comfortable in this environment, and we are feeling very positive about where its going to go. We love Macau, we love the environment of China. Its steadfast; its steady; its predictable, unlike some other places that I could mention.
Steven Kent - Goldman Sachs: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Harry Curtis with Nomura. Your line is open.
Harry Curtis - Nomura: Hey good morning. Just a follow-up on Macau. Steve, you mentioned that your business has stabilized. Your volume in the first quarter was quite a bit higher than the second quarter, the question is, at what level has it stabilized? What I am wondering is, has there been a behavior of VIP customers that may take a longer period of time to come back, particularly if they are defensive about the Chinese Government's Anti-Corruption Campaign?
Steve Wynn: Matt, you've got a feeling about that? You'd like to think about --
Matt Maddox: You know, Harry, July is up from June, but as you can see in the numbers that the government puts out every week. It is still down, in VIP year-over-year in single digits. So we have seen it stabilize and come up, from what we think is the bottom in June, and every time we try to predict, how quickly it will recover in the past, it has always recovered much faster than we predict. So what we can tell you is, its better than it was in June, and it feels stable.
Steve Wynn: Harry, Gamal Aziz, in anticipation of this call, walked into the office about 30 minutes ago, and I am going to ask him to repeat what he read to me.
Gamal Aziz: Harry, this was the exact question posed to Steve a couple of years ago.
Steve Wynn: June of 2012.
Gamal Aziz: June of 2012, about the demise of the VIP business, and his answer was that, you know, there has been an increase in the capacity of VIPs and I am not sure if the picture is clear of a marked slowdown. The market is still growing, and I think they will continue to grow. I think you've seen the VIP business growing since 2012. It may take a pause of some sort, but we don't think that its the end of things, as we have heard it so many times by now. We have seen a July stabilization after a June drop, and whether it comes back in the next 60 or 90 days, or it gets like the first quarter in the next 90 days, we don't know. But we are sensing a stabilization and a tremendous growth in the other segments in the market, mainly the premium mass and the slots.
Harry Curtis - Nomura: And as you talk to your direct customers, what is their level of confidence in the future? Have you had those conversations?
Steve Wynn: It does. Linda's here. She just came back from Beijing. Linda Chen.
Linda Chen: So when you say stabilize, I think its only up reasonably for all the high end customers to take a pause, and their recreational spending, that -- its like, basically you feel the economy, where the world is going to go for a slower growth, then you're not going to spend so much -- as much money on recreation or entertainment. And then -- but I don't think that's actually probably good stable growth, because they are here for the long term, they are not here to just play and make a quick return. So they are actually looking at gaming as part of their -- if you may, normal long term recreational entertainment budget. I think we are actually seeing more of new customers that have never been to Macau, which is a positive, that there is actually a difference of profile, demographics of newer mass customers that are coming in, that we have never seen before. So I think for the long term, that doesn't mean the markets will have a lot more potential to grow.
Steve Wynn: There is a wonderful SAT word for the college board tests, I remember, inexorable. I love that word. Inexorable is a word that I think of in terms of the growth of the Chinese economy, inexorable, which is a kind of thing you might see on Bill O'Reilly's word of the night. It means unstoppable. Growth is going to go from 10 to 6, but the base is so much bigger.
Harry Curtis - Nomura: Steve, I am going to give you the week's award for the Gary Loveman prize for vocabulary. Shifting gears to --
Steve Wynn: I am not sure I like Gary Loveman. Its all the same to you. But I'd like to have the Sheldon Adelson. If I have a choice, I will take the Sheldon Adelson prize.
Harry Curtis - Nomura: So, getting back to Vegas real quick, your ADR in Vegas has now come back to around $25 or so, its still $25 below the peak in 2007, which isn't all that much. Yet, in an EBITDA per room, from that perspective, you are still quite a bit below the pace of where you were back in 2007, and I am just trying to understand what the primary drives of that is; is it a mix of customers, is it gaming, which is it?
Steve Wynn: First of all, if I knew then what we found out after we opened it, Sheldon wouldn't have built Palazzo. I wouldn't have built Encore. And I am sure that MGM wouldn't have done City Center. None of us, we all start these projects three, four years in advance of the recession. Remember, we opened Encore on December 22nd of 2008, can you think of a more perfect negative moment to open 2,000 rooms that cost $2.25 billion. And if we hadn't built those rooms, we might be making pretty close the same amount of money, and we would owe $2 billion less. But the hindsight's perfect, but at this point, its all history. What we are seeing now is, where are we going, what's the health of the market? Are we building on our own base? Are we headed in the right direction? Are we comfortable about our investment in China? Do we feel good about Nevada? The answer to those questions, speaking for myself and my colleagues on this call, is yes, we are comfortable about our investment in Las Vegas, we are happy with Las Vegas. We are feeling very up about it. We are enjoying the privilege of being part of the Macau scene, and looking forward to the future. When you start splitting hairs about 2007, look, we made $427 with 2,700 rooms, in a place where everybody said you can't make money at the Desert Inn. Well, that didn't turn out to be accurate. We made more money than everybody on the strip, including Bellagio, with 2,700 rooms, where the Desert Inn was, supposedly at the wrong end of the strip. Another interesting point. Development makes the location, the location doesn't make the development, unless you happen to be in Las Vegas, or you happen to be in the city of Macau. So I mean, when looking back at 2007, it was delicious, and may be that's -- it was what we saw coming in 2007, that allowed us to start that to have building in 2005, that turns out, was a capacity we didn't need. But we didn't need the Bellagio capacity, we didn't need City Center capacity, if I can speak for my friends in the other companies. But what the heck, I mean, it takes a long time to get these places up and running.
Matt Maddox: And Harry, if you look at the history of domestic gaming revenues, its clearly the domestic gaming that people overestimated. So domestic gaming has not grown from 2007 to today, like everyone thought. But the other segments have done quite well.
Harry Curtis - Nomura: All right. Very good. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robin Farley with UBS. Your line is open.
Robin Farley - UBS: Thanks. As you yield manage the Macau floor, can you give us a little color on the breakdown of the VIP versus the mass tables?
Steve Wynn: Who wants to take that? Frank? Frank Cassella, the Chief Financial Officer of Wynn Macau?
Frank Cassella: Our VIP Wynn per unit per day is 32,000; mass Wynn per unit is 17,000.
Steve Wynn: Robin, Frank Cassella's father, Danny Cassella, was my Chief Financial Officer and opened the Mirage with me, in 1989, on November 22nd. I am sorry, go ahead, Frank.
Robin Farley - UBS: Nice little bit of history. I was also looking for just kind of the mix on your floor, as you are kind of yield managing your shift tables between VIP and mass, where that was in Q2?
Steve Wynn: Why do you care about that? We yield manage that Robin. If we said okay, some of the junket operators were a little wobbly from time-to-time, we add them, we subtract them, then we put the tables back into the mass. If we think we can make more money. Its the kind of thing that we are yield rate managing these tables on a monthly basis. We acknowledge that we do it, so does Sheldon, so does Lawrence, so does Francis, and so does Ambrose So and Louis Ng across the street. We all do it. What color would you like on that? I want to respond, we want to be accurate.
Robin Farley - UBS: Its just usually a breakdown that you provide in the release in some form, you usually talk about the number of tables. So maybe you are not going to provide that going forward?
Matt Maddox: Yeah Robin, that's right. It was 263 VIP tables, 191 mass tables, for 455, and that count is down, because of all the construction that we have going on, and some changeovers in [indiscernible] from VIP to mass.
Robin Farley - UBS: Okay, great. Thank you. And then --
Steve Wynn: Robin, is that important? Just for my own benefit, you keep very careful track of that?
Robin Farley - UBS: Its something we look at in the market looking for trends with VIP versus mass. We look at market share among the operators in the different segments. I think that's what investors generally look at.
Steve Wynn: I see. Okay.
Robin Farley - UBS: My other question is, on Cotai, you talked about how you're going to keep competing, as Cotai opens. I understand the overall picture. I am just wondering, when you look at the opening, and there are a number of properties with different opening dates, within a quarter or two of your project opening? It sounds as if everything is on track with your project opening. Do you care whether other projects open in the same quarter? Do you think that will kind of impact?
Steve Wynn: Would it make any difference if I did? I have no control over them. I was at Cotai when I landed the other day, and activity at MGM and the Parisien was either non-existent or light, for whatever reason. So I don't know what the latest scoop is on my colleagues, my friend's projects. When has Parisien said it was going to open, when will it open. I am sure if you ask Venetian, they will tell you, but those dates are what they are and when resorts, personnel, have no control over it, we just have to deal with it. Whenever those dates come due, and the market and the tours and these projects come of age, then they will come online, and hopefully, they will all just have wonderful beginnings. But we don't have much -- because we have no control over it, we don't give any thought about it.
Robin Farley - UBS: I guess you used the phrase, you deal with it when it happens. I guess, is there anything different about your opening, or what you do if there are two projects opening in that quarter, or [indiscernible] open?
Steve Wynn: No, no, what we do is we finish the building. Hopefully we have the proper time, in which to turn it into a campus for two weeks or more, where we run it just for ourselves, and the employees stay in the rooms and the employees eat in the restaurants, and we breakdown the computers and we try all of our backup systems, and we just drive around the place for 14 or 20 days if we get the chance. So they only open the doors to the public, we are ready for them; and we can deliver a service level that isn't scratchy and erratic, and we are not apologizing, because this doesn't work or that didn't work. We try and build into our budget, enough money to run the place at full payroll, for at least two weeks or more, so that we take the punishment, not our guests. And we are going to do that, no matter who's opening, when or what. The most important thing, first impressions matter, is to get the place off on the right foot. So that the service levels match the elegance of the carpet and the marble and the onyx and all the other stuff that we put into it. So that program is fixed in our mind, and it doesn't relate at all to what the other guys do.
Robin Farley - UBS: Okay, great. Thank you.
Steve Wynn: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tom Marsico with Marsico Capital Management. Your line is open.
Tom Marsico - Marsico Capital Management: Good evening Steve, how are you doing?
Steve Wynn: Just great Tom. Dealing with the jetlag on this side.
Tom Marsico - Marsico Capital Management: I am dealing with patience on this side. We started this investment, years ago at $13, so I am going to reminisce a little bit. I think the stock is right now at $211 or so. I don't know how many dividends we have received. We have experienced the greatest recession since 1945, and there is questions about the capacity that's being added at Cotai, in relationship to the fastest growing economy in the world, and the largest [indiscernible] market being Asia in the world. You have companies that are becoming public here in the next several months in China, that will have market valuations in excess of over $100 billion. So the wealth is being created, I don't think that most investors have seen the wealth creation that's going on in Asia, that's being experienced right now. So given the environment of the greatest recession, there is this continuous concern that the amount of capacity that was built in Las Vegas with the lag times that you would have suggested, is happening with the new hotels going on Cotai? And if you'd look at the growth of the economy in China, compared to what we have been experiencing here in the United States for the last several years, I think that's where the biggest concern becomes. But if you go deeper into the numbers and look at the vibrancy of that Asian economy. I think that's where investors are missing the opportunity or understanding how large Cotai can be? And I think that they are also missing the fact, something that you have touched on, but maybe not directly is that, as more of these hotels are built, people will be attracted to come to the hotels. But what the main attraction is in town, is when they see, as you would refer to it, your joint. Your joint has always filled up, because of the people you hire, the way you execute, and the type of products and services that you offer your customers. So with that comment, I think that the opportunity is execution on the Palace. You say you are on time opening up in 18 months. I think you also have a great opportunity as customers become more discreet and move from the VIP segment into the mass segment, the segment that you think make a lot more money in on a margin basis. And so, maybe you could just talk a little bit about how you're trying to improve that premium mass experience versus what the VIP's see in the services, and the type of experience that they have, compared to your premium mass customer?
Steve Wynn: Thank you for the kind comments, Tom, it has been a pleasure having you as an investor all this time. I remember, when we started the road show, and I came at your office, and it was October of 2002, and everybody pulled their deals off the street, and we were up against it. And you looked at me and said, never mind the speech, we will take 5% of the deal. It was a wonderful moment, and thanks for the kind words, and I will address your request.
Tom Marsico - Marsico Capital Management: It has not been a shabby investment Steve, and I think that we were in for 10% of the deal.
Steve Wynn: Okay. So about the premium mass market; every time someone asks an important and complex question, that could be taken any number of ways, my philosophy, I think process is the answer to most problems. I wish they understood that in Washington, but process. Back up to something you're certain of, and then, come forward, once you've got yourself grounded in a simple, come forward again and deal with the complex question. Okay, what's the most important thing in our business, guest experience? Who takes care of guest experience, the staff of employees. Those are the two central truths, on which every decision we make are based. We ground ourselves with those two truths, that if we have good guest experience, people will come back again, tell their friends, and maybe pay us more money in the future. And we'd say that that guest experience is not about the carpet or the onyx and all that stuff, its 90% about the people, because only people make people happy. So, when we are designing the hotel, and we want to get the premium mass, we are saying, what's the premium mass, besides the term that Wall Street people, when they talk about the gaming industry? Its that person with more money, who likes to come on vacation, gamble, eat and shop. But this person has enough money to stay at the best hotel, or whatever they think is the best hotel. The branding, the cache matters, and how do they find out about it? From personal experience, but before that, word of mouth. The truth prevails in creating a brand. Not the advertising, not the baloney that CEOs like me lay out, but the truth prevails. So what we do, in order to get the premiums mass market, is we build a better product, and the way you build a better product, is to make every single minute detail that goes into the whole, better from scratch, we are talking about the width of the hallways, the balancing of the lighting, the level of sound, the color coordination of the place, if we are talking about the building. Every single thing is better, and we are banking on -- and here is the key to it. Guys like myself and the people that I am in business with, we have been attracted to each other, because we all believe that the public gets it, that people do know the difference between pretty and ugly, clean and dirty, that the public has an innate sense of discretion. Now there is exceptions. There are people without any damn taste in the world, there are people who are very-very discriminating and see every little detail. But basically this company, is built on a foundation that says the public knows the difference, and if we give them that difference, they will reward us with their patronage. That's the whole secret of Wynn Resorts. Nothing else. It isn't more complicated than that, and that's why we grind on the details. That's why we take longer to build our voices, that's why we end up outperforming the competition. We've never made a secret of it. Hell, the guys that have worked for MGM, won't work for me. What happened to the culture? The end if I know. But our culture is bad [ph] and simple, and that's how we will get more of the mass market. And damn it, we will get more of the mass market Tom, as sure as my name is Steve. Not because I say so, but because we are dedicated to a business plan and a common sense program that has never disappointed us. We think plain and simple, and then we act on it, based upon those simple truths, that if we give a better guest experience through our employees, that we will be rewarded with the patronage of the most affluent, the most discriminated, the people who really know the difference, and those incidentally are the ones that want better food, that shop in better stores, that want a fancier bedroom to sleep in, that want a bigger TV to watch, and that want to be treated by employees, who make a personal connection with them. And that's our story, and that's all we ever knew, and that's the basis of every decision we have ever made, as a family, as a group. Gamal, am I talking for you? I mean, I have done a lot of talking here today.
Gamal Aziz: Absolutely.
Tom Marsico - Marsico Capital Management: Steve. I think that's one of the reasons, as we got through the recession, and I was comparing the recession, the great recession back in the 30s, I used 1945, as the World War 2, and that was back in the 30s, you had the greatest recession/depression. But the point I was trying to make is, the type of customer that you attract, is the type of customer that is able to ride out difficult economic times, and that they do come back, and they come back just as the Four Season clients' comes back, because they have a greater amount of propensity to spend, because you don't have to spend the money that they make from their jobs, just on the essentials. They have that extra dollar to spend on entertainment and travel, and the amount of travel that we are seeing in Asia and the growth of the market is unprecedented for most investors that have been in the market, let's say, over the last 20 years or so. We have never seen anything like China.
Steve Wynn: Issy Sharp, you hit the nail on the head.
Tom Marsico - Marsico Capital Management: Issy Sharp, exactly.
Steve Wynn: Issy had it, and we look at Issy, and I did, as a younger guy and said, oh boy, you know who else had it, Bill O'Hara, when he was alive. He didn't have the fanciest places, but he had a sense of [indiscernible] and esprit de corps. When I went to Reno and stayed in his hotel, the employees lit me up. Its not the building so much as it is the people, and O'Hara had it and Issy Sharp's got it. Those things have changed over years unfortunately.
Tom Marsico - Marsico Capital Management: Thanks for all your hard work. Its a great quarter.
Steve Wynn: Nice conversation, Tom. Thanks for giving me the chance. We will take another question. We are not in any hurry, we got plenty of time.
Lewis Fanger: Actually Steve, that's the end of the time. We are at right over an hour. So Tom closed our call, it was the last question.
Steve Wynn: It was pure fun. Anyway, we will see what happens 90 days from now. 90 days from now we will also have a decision in Boston, they say on September 12. They are going to decide, and we are waiting to see how that turns out. Thanks everybody. See you next time. Thanks Matt. See you all.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-05-01 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Lewis Fanger - Vice President Matthew O. Maddox - President, Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Treasurer Stephen A. Wynn - Founder, Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, Member of Executive Committee, Chairman of Wynn Macau Limited and Chief Executive Officer of Wynn Macau Limited Maurice Wooden - Principal Executive Officer and President Gamal Mohammed Abdelaziz - President and Executive Director Ian Michael Coughlan - President of Wynn Macau
Analysts: Joseph Greff - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division Shaun C. Kelley - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Jon T. Oh - CLSA Limited, Research Division Steven E. Kent - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Wynn Resorts First Quarter 2014 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the call over to Lewis Fanger, Vice President of Wynn Resorts. You may begin.
Lewis Fanger: Thank you, and good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to the Wynn Resorts First Quarter 2014 Earnings Call. Joining the call on behalf of the company today are Steve Wynn; Matt Maddox; John Strzemp; Kim Sinatra; Steve Cootey; Maurice Wooden; and Scott Peterson here in Las Vegas, as well as Gamal Aziz; Ian Coughlan; Frederic Luvisutto; Robert Gansmo; and Frank Cassella, dialing in from Wynn Macau. With that said, I would like to turn the call over to Matt.
Matthew O. Maddox: Sure. Before we get started, I just need to remind everybody, we will be making forward-looking statements under the Safe Harbor Federal Securities law, and those statements may not come true. Steve?
Stephen A. Wynn: Okay, so you've got the numbers. We're very happy with the performance of the company and as we start this year. We're going to -- today, perhaps a little differently than we have done in the past. I'm going to make a few general statements, but there seems to be a lot of appropriate interest in numbers and metrics at the moment in China, as well as Las Vegas because there's a feeling that change is in the air or that things are happening that are worth discussing in deeper detail. I feel that today a little more than I have in other quarters. So my colleagues and I are going to take a moment or 2 and deal with some of those metrics. But we had a healthy increase in Macau in our business. We had a great year last year, we're up 16% in the first quarter. There's some specifics about some of the data that's available, and there are changes that take place every month. And in the mass casino, we're going to address that in just a moment. But our -- in China, our VIP business is holding strong. We've seen no change. We're very happy with what's going on in Las Vegas. Construction in Cotai, I will deal with -- is on schedule. We've got 6 quarters before the place is open, and those numbers hit these conference calls after that. So I think what we're going to do today is we're going to talk first about Las Vegas and some of the things that have happened in the first quarter. And I'll let -- Maurice, I'll let you talk about that.
Maurice Wooden: Thanks, Steve. So in Las Vegas, we actually felt the growth quarter-over-quarter, year-over-year in the first quarter from '13 to '14. If you look at the hotel, the occupancy was up. REVPAR was up. And so occupancy was up approximately 12.6%, Steve.
Stephen A. Wynn: The REVPAR?
Maurice Wooden: And the RevPAR was up 12.7%. And so our average daily rate was $275, and our REVPAR was $241.
Stephen A. Wynn: And that made us the most profitable hotel in Nevada. Correct?
Maurice Wooden: Slots had a significant year-over-year increase as well. If you look at it, we actually had some reduction of some of the units on the floor to create better circulation, and so the slot win per unit was up 26%. The overall net revenue was up 7.6%.
Stephen A. Wynn: And our performance on The Strip is regardless of size, whether we have less rooms or more rooms than anyone else. Our profitability on The Strip was the highest as it has been for quite some time. We had a lower hold percentage in the first quarter by about $10 million. So if you add the $10 million back, we're up in Las Vegas, and we're pacing for a very good year in 2014 as this hotel continues to gather market share and sort of take its place as the hotel of choice on The Strip.
Maurice Wooden: So also in the month of April, Steve. So as we continue to look forward into the year, we've seen great pacing. We're, again, we're outpacing year-over-year, our numbers, and we've seen anywhere from, we believe in the second quarter will be 6% to 7% higher than previous year.
Stephen A. Wynn: The reason I asked Maurice to do that, and I made those remarks a moment ago, there's always been a lot of talk the last couple of years from our colleagues up and down The Strip about, is Las Vegas recovering? And I've been a little reticent to say that we see it. And I must say that this year, for the first time, I'm willing to say that I see Las Vegas getting a footing that it hasn't had quite as clearly in the past. So I want to put myself in a category of guys that say, "I think Las Vegas is sort of growing into its additional capacity that was added in the past." The opening of the city center properties at the time that they did, as well as Encore. They came into the market at the worst possible time in terms of the national economy. And so we were oversupplied for a while. And finally, I think we're seeing this year that supply is getting utilized properly. So, so much for Maurice or Scott, unless you want to add something on Las Vegas, I think I feel good about it, better than I have in the past. Let's turn to China, and Matt, you want to talk about that?
Matthew O. Maddox: Sure. I'll point out some things on our Macau results. $384 million of EBITDA with a 33% margin. Again, there were no lock impacts in direct or junket play. So that margin is stable, and what's interesting to point out is the flow-through. And if you compare our flow-through from revenue to EBITDA with the competitors, it's very, very strong. On the VIP side, 26% increase in turnover, 12% increase in Wynn. On our mass casino, we continue to reap -- move new -- replace tables in the -- from poor-performing mass areas into premium mass areas. In fact, we're up to 62 premium mass tables. We had 23% increase in mass revenue for the quarter. However, if you look at April with a lot of the changes we've made just in the last few weeks, April is up 55% in mass revenue, taking the first 4 months of mass to over 32%. So we're continuing to feel strong and -- in that market and growing quite well. Slots, again, outpacing the market growth between 30% and 40% -- by 30% to 40%. So our slot win was up almost 13%. I believe the overall market was around 10%. So we're continuing to take share in the slots business. And all of this, the $384 million, just to point out, in EBITDA, is about 25% to 30% more per position than any of our large competitors. So we get more bottom line money out of our units than anybody else.
Stephen A. Wynn: So these 490-odd tables -- 492 tables in the Wynn, the Wynn Encore's 1,000-room complex on the Peninsula. We're 6 quarters away from going and adding another 552. So we're going to more than double our business. And in terms of the mass premium business, the entire hotel is a suite hotel, which is going to give us a very nice position in Cotai as far as capturing a fair share, if that's a modest term this time, capturing a fair share of the premium market business. And we'll take our VIP business into that market as well. So I'm feeling good about the position we're in. We're a little slower in our growth than some of the other guys because we started a little later as a company. The fact that we didn't begin this company until 2000, and really, get in business until 2005 in Las Vegas and '07 in Macau has put us behind in our maturity and our evolution as a company. Our age made it -- disqualified us from participating in Singapore, which was unfortunate. I would love to be able to play that one over again. But we're okay, now. We're okay now in our capital structure, our organization. Gamal and Ian are on the telephone from Macau. Gamal, maybe this is -- be a good time for you and Ian to give some comments on the Cotai project and anything, any observations you make about the Peninsula, Ian.
Gamal Mohammed Abdelaziz: Sure. Steve, thank you. As far as Wynn Palace is concerned, I just visited the site early in the week, and we're in great shape there. We're making great progress on many areas, the energy center, the substation, the basement area, the casino area. We're basically completing structures, faade walls and also walked many of the other construction sites. And it looks like we're very, very much organized and right on target. And many of the areas that were supposed to be completed are completed on time. So I feel pretty good about where we stand construction-wise. And then also on the organization for Wynn Palace as far as the staffing and the leadership, we have brought on some incredible talent to be part of the opening and management of Wynn Palace. I feel that our position in Cotai is going to be very powerful as far as the destination that we are working on and we're creating. It's going to be a category killer, if you will, and...
Stephen A. Wynn: Gamal, Gamal, for the sake of the folks that are following us, are we having any trouble finding construction employees so far?
Gamal Mohammed Abdelaziz: Not at all. We're right on target. We have almost 2,000 construction workers on the site, and we should be at 3,000 by the end of October, which is also right on target. We're bringing them when they're supposed to be brought. As I said, I walked the site, and the level of activity is really outstanding, organized, clean, on time. Unlike some of the other sites that I walked, there seems to be a little bit of disorientation. But it looks like, from a labor standpoint, we absolutely have no problem with that.
Stephen A. Wynn: Ian, Ian, in the Peninsula, you're in construction. I want to mention that we made a decision as a company, myself and Ian Coughlan and Gamal and Linda and the rest of the gang, that we wanted to make sure that when the Wynn Palace opened up in Cotai in 6 quarters, that under no circumstances would The Peninsula go to the back of the bus. That wasn't an acceptable alternative for us. And so, we decided to energize and look at everything in The Peninsula to make it more than competitive with anything we were doing, even in Cotai. And to that end, a year ago, we started planning and drawing a reconfiguration of the casino, the original Wynn casino on The Peninsula at Wynn Macau. That construction of new gaming areas has started and is underway, and we are fully permitted by the government. And we intend to open that for Chinese New Year, for the first quarter in '15. So that The Peninsula is going to have a rather dramatic reveal of new facilities a year before the Wynn Palace opens up. And the things that we're doing in the Wynn casino in Macau and The Peninsula are going to be -- I'm going to use the right word -- sort of startling in what they offer in terms of VIP gaming. So we're taking and making every energy and every move we know how to do to make sure that in this wonderful market, with such smart and clever competitors, that we stay on our toes and that we react with agility. And we're calling upon all of our reserves of good taste and design originality to make sure that we keep up with the very cool competitors that we have, who are a group of very smart men and women, are doing a wonderful job. And I think, if I'm not mistaken, in the next 60 months, between Hengqin Island and Cotai and Macau's Peninsula, that the Macau area, once the bridge is finished, will probably be the most robust destination tourist center in the world, competing with Orlando, Las Vegas and any other place on the planet. I see the future of the Macau area, the South China area that is principally defined by Macau and Hengqin Island, as probably the most exciting place to visit on the planet. I think all that is going to be true within the next 60 months. It's a credit to the government of Macau that they saw this coming, and they cooperated with the Government of Guangdong Province in this whole Hengqin Island business that's underway. It's quite extraordinary. Coupled with the bridge, if the investment community thinks that it's been exciting so far, you can strap on a seatbelt for the next 60 months because this is really terrific. And I think, unless any of my colleagues have anything to add, we'll leave it all now to questions. Go ahead.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Joe Greff with JPMorgan.
Joseph Greff - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: The detailed information, I thought that was necessary and I think it's a perspective putting. And of course, since you're giving all that information, I'm probably going to ask you some more details about some of that great data. Particularly about your comment, Matt, about April being up 55% in mass. Can you talk about how you're thinking about shifting tables or aiming to yield improvements in table productivity between VIP and mass? When you look back at the 1Q of the 492 average tables, what's the split between mass and VIP? Where do you think you can get that? I know it's always optimizing in a moving environment, and it's not static, but if you can help us understand that, that would be great.
Matthew O. Maddox: Sure. So in terms of the table split, we had 213 average tables in the mass casino in 1Q. And Joe, it's really not how many tables you have in mass, it's are they in the heavily trafficked areas? And so what we've been doing is converting some of our junket space on the Encore side of the casino into premium mass and reshuffling. And we're seeing large increases in the premium mass business, and April was it a good example of that. So it's really more about yielding the floor and having the right product in the right places. And the team on the ground there is working very hard on this, also, while we're doing this construction project in the original Wynn Casino.
Joseph Greff - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Got it. We're often getting asked by investors about the credit quality. Obviously, in the first quarter, you actually had a contra expense reverse on the provision. I'm presuming that was in Macau, or can you clarify or talk about that a little bit?
Matthew O. Maddox: Sure. It was $5 million credit in Macau because we collected receivables that were fully reserved, past 180 days. So it was no change in the way we account for things. We just collected things that were 100% reserved.
Stephen A. Wynn: You know we're conservative, Joe, and that happens quite often with us. We tend to be a little skittish and nervous about credit reserves. And then, when the money comes in, our auditors jump on us and make us -- make the adjustment.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Carlo Santarelli with Deutsche Bank.
Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Matt, you spent a lot of time talking about the mass details. And just -- would you guys mind, or is it possible to break out now, on an LTM basis or even in the quarter, what percentage of your EBITDA at the asset right now is coming from your mass floor relative to your VIP floor?
Matthew O. Maddox: We haven't given those numbers in the past. And of course, we have them. Our competitors are doing it. I think that I can tell you, we do very well. That's why we make $384 million of EBITDA. So we are not buying the business in any of those segments, and it's flowing through.
Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Understood. And just for clarity, I know a lot of times with the mass hold, that always becomes an issue on conference calls. Have you guys thought at all and maybe if you could give us some of the color around those thoughts about potentially providing that the window purchases in your denominator, to give a better sense of how hold is influencing, if at all?
Matthew O. Maddox: We are looking at the right metrics. So what I would tell you is, just keep focusing on table win per unit and table win because you're right, there are a lot of purchases in the cages.
Stephen A. Wynn: It's an interesting question to ask, but it doesn't get you any smarter, at least, we asked the question, and we don't get any smarter. We don't care. It is pretty steady win. And you know what the edge is in Baccarat, it's probably a 24%, 25% gain and -- at the end of the day -- but the drop or the purchase of chips and the -- like the way we measure it in Las Vegas, it's really not a productive exercise in China. Just look at the win per table. We've given up on that issue that you're worried about, that you're asking about. We don't see it as relevant.
Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Understood. And then lastly, just moving over to Las Vegas. It looks as though the discounts and commission line was significantly down this quarter. It looked a little bit like the 2Q last year when I recall you guys had a credit collection during that period. Was there anything in the quarter in Las Vegas that may have been somewhat helpful?
Stephen A. Wynn: Well, it's axiomatic that when the customers get lucky, the drop goes down, and the markers go down because most understand what happens in Las Vegas. The customers walk up to the Baccarat table in the private rooms, and we have a very, very strong grip on that kind of business in this town. They walk in to the table, and they say to the boss, "Let me have $1 million" and they have established credit. We put up a table marker, a lammer, a little round circle that's visible on television on our continuous taping. And we slide the money across. Now the guy plays. He goes up. He goes down. He wants to go to dinner. He leaves the money in front of him. There's no -- there is no drop yet. There is no handle. Until remember -- handle in a Las Vegas casino is made up of cash in the box and credit slips associated with markers as opposed to credit slips associated with chip returns when the rack is too full. Markers and cash make up drop. We don't have any drop unless the guy loses, which, in many cases, they don't sign the marker until they're ready to leave in 2 days. They leave the money on the table overnight. We lock it up with a case, but they're very superstitious about that. So there's only a table lammer up. So when a customer, let's say, plays for 6 hours and at the end of the thing, he's up, down, up, down a couple million dollars, but he's up $1 million. At the end of his play he slides the chips back and says, "Take down the mark -- the table marker," and there is no drop. So there is no credit. So when the win is down, credit is also down. When the casino holds a higher percentage, you will invariably see our marker, our receivables and our markers go up. But it's a peculiarity of the playing habits here and the tradition of Nevada that you're seeing, when you see these numbers at the end of the quarter. So when we say we're off $10 million in EBITDA because of the lower hold percentage, which is in the process of correcting itself as we speak, it'll be the same at the end of the year as it always is. That's why you see that strange sort of number for the first quarter.
Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And then, really quickly, just the extra Cotai parcels, have you guys put any more thought into how you're going to deal with that? And do you plan on doing pilings for that before you open, obviously, Wynn Palace?
Stephen A. Wynn: Oh, yes. We have ground to cover in terms of entitlement from our government. And we are hard at work. We've made some submissions. We are hard at work, drawing -- I am working probably 4 days a week on it. And I have been for the past several months, and we're excited about what we're doing. It's all suites, all aimed at the mass premium. Every room we're building at Phase 2 is all living rooms, bedrooms. Every room's got a massage room. Every room's got a huge bathroom. Every room has a living room and huge television sets. There isn't a single chamber room in any of our Phase 2 buildings. Everything are suites. We're planting our flag at that end of the business and we're going to defend our ground strenuously.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Felicia Hendrix with Barclays.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: On The Peninsula, regarding the casino floor construction there, is there any reason to be concerned that your mass gaming momentum could be disrupted by the construction?
Stephen A. Wynn: No, no. Construction has already been -- I'm sorry, Ian, you can answer if you want.
Ian Michael Coughlan: Sure. There's going to be no disruption to our mass casino business and you can see that. We started the construction project on the 24th of March and we had a record mass month in April. So there's been no disruption. We've made sure that we've mitigated any of the construction noise. We've got a very innovative acoustic wall treatment in the casino, which we've been testing on a daily basis and there's been no disturbance. There's been very little falloff in the number of mass tables. There seems to be a myth out there that we've lost a lot of mass tables in the casino. We haven't, it's in the single digits in terms of quantity.
Stephen A. Wynn: What we did is we hijacked the poker tables. Who was the lady that asked the question?
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Felicia Hendrix.
Stephen A. Wynn: Felicia, we hijacked the poker tables to cover it.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Great. Smart, of course, right?
Stephen A. Wynn: It was an easy decision.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Right. Moving to the Wynn Palace, are you -- you've talked about and have given us details about the rooms and how those are going to be what -- they're going to be focused on the premium mass market. Are you ready to share the table mix at that property and how you're thinking about that in terms of percentage of your tables that will go to VIP and to grind mass and premium mass?
Stephen A. Wynn: Well, Felicia, I think that you're in a position to make the judgment as well as we are. We do the same thing that you all do. We look at our results. We're moving, changing and adjusting tables just the way Mr. Adelson and Mr. Tracy do, or the fellows at Melco and Francis Lui and his people at Galaxy. And our mix, the percentages you're seeing now at Wynn and Encore at The Peninsula represents a pretty intelligent division. You'd probably be pretty close to that again, I would imagine. And would you say so, Ian? Is Linda on the call?
Gamal Mohammed Abdelaziz: I think that you're right. This is Gamal, Steve. I think you're absolutely right. I mean, we're monitoring very closely, but the mix will be similar to what we have here. And we also have the flexibility of moving from one segment to the other. I mean, as you said earlier, Steve, the way we're building Wynn Palace, it's going to be extraordinarily beautiful, and you can easily move from one segment to the other.
Stephen A. Wynn: Yes. For example, we -- because of the complications of smoking, all of our VIP and high-end rooms and Wynn club all have terraces that are on the lake. They have indoor-outdoor space, all of them. Well, any one of these big, so-called junket rooms can become premium mass instantaneously, and they all have food and beverage. And they have outdoor balconies, and they look at fountains very much like Bellagio and that kind of a thing. So we had this tremendous flexibility of being able to turn -- we made a decision in the design of this building, I think it's worth saying. We had a front, and we put a huge complicated water feature attraction in front. Now the question came up, "Who gets it?" A couple of our key restaurants, but what else goes on it? Do we put atriums and other public attractions there? Well, we put a gondola and we made a Disney kind of E-ride out of it. But we gave a lot of this beautiful space to gaming. We put our best foot forward with our highest-yielding customers, and we've also done it in a way that it's convertible. Flexibility is a very big thing in a market as dynamic as Macau. And that was one of the challenges that we faced in designing this building, that it would be ready to move in any direction in terms of the way it functioned. And that's probably one of the reasons why it took us so long to dope it out, but it's finished now. And I think that most of us are feeling pretty good about the flexibility that we built into it because we're facing a market that is, I say, dynamic and changing. And our competitors have lifted the game in a very intelligent and alert way, which has made us raise our game standard as well. So we've got this -- we've got terrific game flexibility, and we've got -- not only do we have game flexibility in terms of where we put -- about the amount of tables and whether they're in mass or in they're in premium mass or in they're in junket or in our own VIP program. But we've got flexibility with positions for these groups of tables that are really double sexy. So -- and that'll make a difference. That'll make a difference. When the smoke clears and the rhetoric stops, that'll be a big deal.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Well, that's fantastic color. And Steve or Ian or Gamal, when you think about those beautiful premium mass-oriented rooms, have you all thought about how you're going to allocate those rooms to the premium mass casino player versus have them be in cash rooms?
Stephen A. Wynn: Well, that's the point. We're not sure. You could take a look at our mix now, and that represents our best decision. But I think Ian and Gamal and everybody, they can talk about it themselves. They may change their mind.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Well I'm talking about the -- on the hotel side.
Gamal Mohammed Abdelaziz: Felicia, I'll just give you an example. Just in the last 2 weeks, we sat down with Linda, and we have migrated some of the VIP tables to premium mass with ease. So it's -- as Steve said earlier, we really have the flexibility and the beauty of the space itself allows you to move from one segment to the next without any trouble or construction work or any of that. This is really an ideal floor for us to move between VIP and junkets and premium mass.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I'm sorry, Gamal. I meant the hotel rooms in terms of...
Gamal Mohammed Abdelaziz: Every hotel room is a stunning, beautiful room, and I think we have the different tiers of room to accommodate VIP, premium mass and mass. So we'll be in great shape as far as...
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: But when you -- what percentage will go to -- I guess I'm trying to ask what percentage do you think will just be cash rooms versus giving them to your casino players?
Stephen A. Wynn: Well, we've got a cash room that's 700 square feet for that kind of customer, but the vast majority of the rooms are 900 square feet and up. Now they can be for cash or VIP or for junkets, but there's 1,700 of them. We only have 1,000 on The Peninsula now. These numbers that we're producing are only with a small room base of 1,000. And we're going to 1,700 in Phase 1 and double that in Phase 2.
Gamal Mohammed Abdelaziz: Felicia, obviously, the entire inventory will be looked at with an eye towards yielding for the highest performance every single night. And if you look at our performance in the first quarter here in The Peninsula, you'll see that our occupancy has increased, our ADR has increased, our REVPAR has increased. And that comes from an orientation of looking at these rooms and making sure that we're achieving the highest yield per room on every single night. That same methodology and that same approach is going to happen in Cotai. We're basically going to give priority to the casino, but we will also be very aware of the extraordinary demand that's out there to allow some of these rooms to be sold in cash. So our goal is to achieve the highest occupancy with the highest rate.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Shaun Kelley with Bank of America.
Shaun C. Kelley - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I just wanted to return to the subject on the VIP business because we are getting a lot of investor questions about what's going on in the market there. And Matt, as we've discussed this in the past, I think you guys are pretty aggressive about your timeline in terms of settlement with the junkets. And I was wondering if can you just give us any color, broader specific as to what you're seeing in terms of your collections with some of your big junket operators, and kind of any change in behavior or lack thereof that you've seen?
Matthew O. Maddox: Sure. And so what you call aggressive, I call conservative. So we settle at the end of every month, and we do not roll anything. We do not advance more than 30 days, and it's settled at the end of every month. We have had no issues with any settlements in any of the months, and we're not seeing anything that would tell us that it's coming. In fact, we have the May Golden Week coming up here, and people seem pretty excited about it.
Shaun C. Kelley - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I think that's good.
Stephen A. Wynn: I get your question. We haven't seen it. No, no chance.
Shaun C. Kelley - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I think that'll be very helpful for investors to hear. And then to just kind of follow through on that then, could you give us your latest mass versus EBITDA or mass versus VIP kind of EBITDA contribution, as you guys are focusing and shifting a little bit more towards mass and premium mass right now. Is that a statistic you could give us either for Q1 or maybe even for April, if you have it?
Matthew O. Maddox: Yes, Shaun. We're -- people are talking about that a lot. We're not putting those numbers out right now, but we -- I can tell you there's a significant contribution from mass and slots to our EBITDA, as you know.
Shaun C. Kelley - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Great, that's fair. And then last question would just be I think as people are looking longer term, they're asking us a lot about the theoretical cannibalization between your 2 properties, between what you're doing today at The Peninsula and obviously, the huge opportunity on Cotai. So could you just give us your thoughts on -- are you really approaching these or viewing these as 2 different markets? And kind of how do you think about or answer that question of the balance between the 2?
Stephen A. Wynn: That's the $64 question. If you look at the Sands versus The Venetian and Mr. Adelson's new places, you see that the Sands' earnings are nowhere near what they were when he was alone. And therefore, you could make an inductive leap that they cannibalized the business. That's not really what happened, and it's not my job to talk for the Sands, but what I prefer, or because I think the question comes up because of that comparison or maybe because of the comparison of the place next door to us, StarWorld with Galaxy. But look here, look at this. We opened up Wynn and the other building years ago. The Wynn Encore facility has been existing for a while. In the meantime, all these magnificent new hotels like Galaxy and Venetian and all the improvements made by Lawrence Ho have opened, right? And what's happened to our earnings on The Peninsula? It went up. They went up. That is to say the expansion of -- the wonderful expansion of clever buildings on Cotai hasn't affected us in any way that's visible by any metric. And we're thrilled with the advance of our earnings right up until the moment that we made this phone call today. Now if that's true, it means that if you're careful, if you really tend to your roses in the properties like the Wynn Macau and Encore Macau, which were built to last -- I remember several years ago, on an annual report back in the days when we actually used to print annual reports, I put a cartoon on the cover of the report, and the cartoon on the left there were 3 pictures. There was a house of straw with a little pig laying there in a collapsed mode. Then there was a house of wood and the pig was collapsed and laying in a pile of wood. And there smoking a cigar on the roof of a house of bricks was a smart little piggy that built the house of bricks. I've always thought the 3 Little Pigs was one of the greatest business case studies of all time. And I've put on the top of our annual report, we build the houses of brick. And Wynn Macau Encore facility is a house of brick. And it has held its market share against massive multibillion-dollar expansions on Cotai, and has done nothing but grow as of this morning. So when we add in terms of total footage of tables, a rather small increment at Cotai, we believe that our market share will continue to hold its own, both at The Peninsula. And I know that Ian Coughlan, my Irish President, CEO in China, is a brutally competitive man. And I know that he has absolutely no intention of allowing that building to be scavenged, if that's the right word. You hear him cackling in the background there. Am I speaking for you, Ian?
Ian Michael Coughlan: No, you keep writing the checks and I keep the place running, which is great. There's room in this city for 2 awesome properties, Steve, and the rejuvenation of Wynn Macau will keep it at the top.
Stephen A. Wynn: Gamal, what do you say to that?
Gamal Mohammed Abdelaziz: I think we're in phenomenal shape. And I think the question that you just asked, Shaun, makes a lot of sense, but if you see the level of demand in Cotai and you see what has been built successfully in Cotai, and imagine what Mr. Wynn has been describing as Wynn Palace that we're going to open, you realize that we're going to have extraordinary demand for our property there without touching what's happening here on The Peninsula. And I feel very, very good about what's happening as far as the diversion between the 2 and the profile of customers that they will attract.
Stephen A. Wynn: Another thing about our Peninsula property that's worth remembering from time to time, we are very lucky, and luck is a word for it, that we were granted the opportunity to build on the site that we built on The Peninsula. We are surrounded on 3 sides by Stanley Ho's building and Ambrose So and Louis Ng and Angela, they have the building across the street from us on the main boulevard. Then they're on our right on 24 June, I guess it is the Avenue 24 June, with the Arc and StarWorld, and then on the south, MGM. We are surrounded on 3 sides. So we're in this crossfire. The Wynn Macau Encore facility has doors on every corner that face the doors of our neighbors. And the distance that separates us is the width of a street. This sort of crisscross traffic doesn't exist in Cotai. Everybody has to walk. Even you have to walk between The Venetian and the Four Seasons is a longer walk. So even though all of us over there are building highly integrated facilities with retail, food and beverage, entertainment and gaming, the distances you traverse are much greater than those in The Peninsula. So it is the nature of the customer to like to change their luck and to jump from place to place. And the junket operators, of course, have rooms in all the places. The distance from MGM to Wynn is 70 feet, same thing with Arc and StarWorld and SJM. So these are some of the factors that play into the fact that our position in The Peninsula is geographically strategically highly protected. And I think that's part of the reason we've grown so wonderfully in the last few years. I think all these things play into the answer to your question, is that we're going to hold our spot, and we're going to hold most or all of our EBITDA and then add to it in 6 quarters from now.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robin Farley with UBS.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: I heard your comments about -- I haven't seen a change in VIP. I wonder if you could give us the same color on VIP in April that you did for mass in terms of what your percent increase is? And then I have a follow-up to that.
Stephen A. Wynn: What did you say, Robin? I'm sorry you wanted color on what?
Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: You gave a specific percent increase in mass for the month of April. And I wonder if you could provide similar for VIP given your comments that you have not seen a slowdown of any kind?
Stephen A. Wynn: Oh, okay, sure. Well, I know that our EBITDA is ahead again in April.
Matthew O. Maddox: And VIP is up around 10%, which is in line. That's where it's been pacing. So again, we saw a double-digit increase in VIP in April.
Gamal Mohammed Abdelaziz: But, Matt, it's also good to mention we outpaced the market in April also on the VIP. So we're in great shape.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Great. And then I know you said there hasn't been a change in kind of the repayment cycle with the junkets that you deal with directly. But I guess that wouldn't necessarily be the first sign of any kind of slowdown. So I wonder if you could talk about what you hear from further down the line of -- who -- the junkets lending out to the agents, lending out to the players. What do they -- what concerns them about bank liquidity and their own personal liquidity? Anything along those lines, not that it would be showing up in your numbers at this point.
Stephen A. Wynn: I don't think -- if they have those kinds of thoughts, Robin, they're keeping it to themselves. We haven't had that discussion when last time I talked to Linda, and I asked her specifically about are they saying anything, what do they feel like? She said, she shrugged her shareholders, no. So we're not hearing it from them, if I understand your question. Robin, remember, it's not a massive group. It's a group of very successful people. But if -- when you think of the demographics, the orders of magnitude of People's Republic of China and Hong Kong and Taiwan, we're dealing with a very creamy top end of them. Even in the mass area, we're dealing with the better group, in terms of income.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: I understood. But in theory, a slowdown in liquidity could still affect their personal liquidity, even at the highest...
Ian Michael Coughlan: They're prudent businesspeople, and they're watching macroeconomics in China just like we are. And they're being careful and prudent and conservative at times. And they've been like that for the 7.5 years that we've been operating. So the song remains the same.
Stephen A. Wynn: Chinese GDP has slowed down from 10% to 8% to 7%. But the number is so big. 7% is still a robust number. I think when we talk about the Chinese bubble, which is a subject now that makes the rounds on Wall Street, I'm not sure that we're buying into that. Generally speaking, most people I know in America really don't get China that much. They're usually behind in their understanding of China, especially a lot of people who pontificate about it, many of them have never been there.
Matthew O. Maddox: I think one thing that's important to point out, the corporate credit questions and issues that people talk about in China are very different from the consumer credit. And consumers in China and even in Macau are seeing their wages increase by 15% to 20%. So there's a very different story with the consumer than there is with these large -- with the corporate credits. And so I wouldn't get those confused.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: No, as I understood it, what that consumers and wages probably affects the mass market more than VIP, but anyway...
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jon Oh with CLSA.
Jon T. Oh - CLSA Limited, Research Division: If I can just ask you a question on your capital structure, how do you think of it as it evolves over the next couple of years? And as we expect the Cotai opening and another $4 billion to be spent on the second phase of Cotai, how do you think of the right amount of leverage that you're comfortable on the balance sheet?
Stephen A. Wynn: Well, we finished our financing recently. The last tranche was a $750,000 -- $750 million bond. We sold it at 5.09 with no covenants nonrecourse to the parent. And that brought our total financing for Cotai to $3,850,000,000 at an average cost of 3.3%. Or to put it another way, we rented the $3.85 billion for $125 million. Now on one hand, as a businessman, I'm thrilled. Never dreamt that we would see anything so tasty and wonderful as that. On the other hand, it's a reflection of questionable fiscal and monetary policy in the United States that is artificially depressed interest rates because of quantitative easing by the Fed, which is also sort of killing the value of the dollar and the living standard of the working people. So the good news is, if you're a high-class borrower with good credit rating, this is one of the most tastiest seasons of all time for 2 reasons. You're borrowing money at artificially depressed rates. And you're most likely going to pay them back with 85-cent dollars. It's a perfect storm for a businessperson unless you look at the truth of the matter and the impact it has on your customers and your employees. And that's a much darker story. It doesn't lend itself to a soundbite, but it's -- for every businessman in America and any economist that has their heads screwed on right, it's an ominous situation. But in terms of our moment in history, in commercial history and our projects in Cotai, along with our colleagues in the industry, it's nirvana. Capital structure now is -- these are mostly at the Venetian and the Wynn, things of beauty. They're lovely, better than you could ever want. I mean, they've got everything, low interest rates, long maturities, low covenants. What else do you want? I mean, it's great. If you look at it from our point of view, look at it from a consumers' point of view or a working person's point of view, who's paying for all this cheap money? Well, right now, the Fed is. I thought Bernie Madoff went to jail for that. But anyway, that's my answer about your capital structure.
Jon T. Oh - CLSA Limited, Research Division: Okay, great. If I can just follow up with a detail that I think you had in your prepared remarks. You've mentioned 552 tables, I think, at Wynn Cotai if I heard that correctly. How much confidence do you have in that table count allocation for your Cotai project? And maybe if I can think about it differently, what do you think's the minimum that you would need to achieve the kind of economics to be proportionate to the amount of investment you've put together?
Stephen A. Wynn: I'll answer your first question with one word, high. My level of confidence in the 552? High. We don't make these decisions in a vacuum, you understand, all right?
Jon T. Oh - CLSA Limited, Research Division: Yes, maybe if I can just push...
Stephen A. Wynn: I don't know what else to say about this. I've answered your question.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven Kent with Goldman Sachs.
Steven E. Kent - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Steve, could you just talk about the Palace as to what will make it a must-see hotel? You gave a little bit of color on it, but I guess what I'm trying to get at, looking at what you've built in the past is it -- is the focus to try and get all people in to see it? Or is it to target the high end? Is it the ability to bring in mass market to see the property and play or the high end to stay and play? And I think that's just a little bit different than what's occurred in Vegas over the years, where it was really just to bring everybody in to see the hotels. And I feel like this is a little bit of a different strategy for the hotel. And then specifically on Wynn Macau, occupancy of 98%, REVPAR at $331, higher -- highest it's ever been. How are you able to keep that Wynn Cotai fresh and attract that level of occupancy levels? Maybe you could give some specific things that you've changed over the past 6 months that allows that to be the market leader?
Stephen A. Wynn: The answer to that 2-part question requires an investment conference all of its own.
Steven E. Kent - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: We're ready to host it for you.
Stephen A. Wynn: Thank you, but we've always tried to get everybody in to see the property. Why else would you build volcanoes and pirate ships that sink and fountains that dance? This time, gondolas that go through the fountains that go into the building, atria on the north and south, with floors that open and gorgeous huge sculptures come up. Ferris wheels and merry go rounds, and peacocks, whose tails open. And 25-foot tall all-floral sculptures of a Faberge Egg that opens with a surprise inside, that change every month in both atriums. You'd only do that if you were trying to attract the whole world. Those are public entertainment attractions. That's just where we start with this attempt to attract everybody. I spent a couple of years designing this hotel with my colleagues so that it will be the photo op of South China. And it will be. That's to get everybody in. Then when it comes to the inside of the building, we make it user-friendly and irresistible, at least in our ambition, irresistible in terms of the user-friendliness for mass players, shoppers, diners. We entertain. We've made showrooms out of our restaurants with actual stages and walls that open and close, with entertainment behind them in restaurants because people shop and eat and gamble in China. So they don't necessarily go to showrooms every night because it's the same people all the time. They eat every time they come, so I went and put the entertainment in the restaurants. This is a new idea that we had where we made the restaurants the theaters. The whole place is an entertainment platform. And as far as the VIP, you heard us talk about it extensively earlier in this conversation. We've gone to extraordinary lengths to make a high-end player, whether he's playing with a junket operator or he's playing on our credit or he's a cash player, is a premium mass, is the term everybody uses for this customer. Mass-market high-limit player, whose playing areas very much resemble a high-limit pit in Las Vegas. We've opened the door to everybody, and that's the answer to the first part of your question. And to the extent that I had enough room on The Peninsula, I tried to do it Downtown Macau, but I only had a certain -- I only had 900 feet of frontage. It was only a 14-acre site. So our ability to stretch out and do theater was a little bit limited, but we still have the Tree of Prosperity, that whole lobby, and the fountains in the front. When it comes to the second part of your question, which has to do with how do we keep our occupancy and our REVPARs dynamic. Is that right, Steve? Is that what you said at Cotai?
Steven E. Kent - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Yes, I mean, it's just...
Stephen A. Wynn: It seemed to me the answer to the question is we'll do exactly what we're doing on The Peninsula, working every sector of the market, creating -- listen, the only thing left to do in the industry that we're in, in spite of all the technology, in spite of all the imagination, the only thing left to do, and I don't mind being quoted about this, and I don't mind saying it because I know all my competitors are listening, is to do the basics better. I'll say it again. The only way you take this to another level is by doing every little thing better, from human resources, every aspect of services, purchasing, interior designing, including lighting, as well as the decorative elements and fixturization of the place. Everything has to be better. And the only reason our REVPAR and our EBITDA per table is better than the rest of the guys is because we subscribe relentlessly to that principle. So if we build another hotel, whether it's in Japan or Boston or Las Vegas or Macau, we only have one move that we know how to make. And we've always made it. Think of the Golden Nugget of Atlantic City, out earned everybody even though it was the smallest place, out grossed and out earned everybody on the boardwalk in the peak years. Think of the Golden Nugget downtown, out earned and out grossed, had over half of the profits of downtown Fremont Street. Think of the day that the Mirage opened. We have owned the leading casino on The Strip every single minute that we've been in business for 47 years. Think of Macau. The most profitable place per foot, per table is Wynn Macau. Obviously, there's a common idea that is a thread through all of this. So what is Cotai going to be? The most expensive, the most carefully thought-out and the largest place we've ever built in terms of gaming capacity. Nothing new, Steve, same old stuff, but it's worked every single time without exception. The most successful largest-grossing casino on the Gulf Coast is Beau Rivage, never has changed. We've never not dominated with a facility we've built pound for pound any market we've ever been in for 47 years. But we've never had an organization as clever and as deep and as rich in talent as we do now, all of this, thanks to Macau, which has attracted wonderful people, not just to our company, but to all the companies. There's a lot of brainy executives, men and women, at work in Macau, taking advantage of this incredible business opportunity that the government has afforded us. As far as our own company goes, we've got a very simple track record that has been totally consistent. In 1997, on the cover of Fortune Magazine, we were the second most admired company the country. The reason is that we only have total focus on every single detail of the hospitality business, including the gambling part, which is only part of it. And that's the answer to your question about REVPAR and occupancy. Those are symptoms. Those are effects. The cause is our focus and our energy on the detail.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Harry Curtis with Nomura.
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Just a quick question on Japan. Steve, if you could assess your position there, please?
Stephen A. Wynn: Very much like Sheldon Adelson's or KT Lim's or Jim Murren's, I would say. We have our top people, including ourselves, visiting Japan, meeting with members of the government. They're visiting here in some cases. We're meeting with business leaders in various companies, big companies in Japan. We're trying to understand the political realities at the moment, and doing our best to position ourselves intelligently so that when and if we understand the business opportunity when it matures, and I think it's well on its way to doing it. I think probably the chances of it happening in Japan are greater today than they ever have been before. I think that we're going to have a very clear understanding of the direction the market takes by the -- by June when the diet [ph] ends -- acts as I believe it may very well do on this study bill, which will then create a set up for the actual process, which will take place in 2015. I think there's some talk that there would be -- there's some people that would like to have facilities that aid in tourism and excitement up and operating for the Olympics in 2020. That's an ambitious schedule. The government will have to act with alacrity in order to allow something like that to happen in Tokyo, Osaka or...
Matthew O. Maddox: Okinawa.
Stephen A. Wynn: Okinawa. So that's what's going on in Japan. We're all doing the same thing. We're all buzzing around there, trying to get ourselves in proper position. And at the end of the day, it'll be about track record. It'll be about reputation, capital structure. I think it should be anyway. Who can do the job? Who can prove they can do the job? That's the question. And there's a couple of companies who can answer that question affirmatively, it would seem to me, and that have the capital structure to do it as well. I think Venetian -- I think Sheldon is listening. He's paying close attention to this. I know KT Lim is paying close attention to it. I know that MGM is. I guess, Caesars as well. They have other problems as far as money goes, but maybe they'll be in position when this happens to put their best foot forward, but everybody's there. Oh, I'm sure that the Melco people, Packer and his partner, Lawrence Ho, will put their foot in. We'll see. Still a little early, but it's moving. That's it.
Operator: There are currently no further phone questions.
Stephen A. Wynn: Thanks, everybody. Speak to you next time.
Operator: Again, thank you for your participation. This concludes today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q4  (2014-01-30 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Lewis Fanger - Vice President Matthew O. Maddox - President, Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Treasurer Stephen A. Wynn - Founder, Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, Member of Executive Committee, Chairman of Wynn Macau Limited, Chief Executive Officer of Wynn Macau Limited and President of Wynn Macau Limited Ian Michael Coughlan - President of Wynn Macau Robert Gansmo - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Joseph Greff - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Shaun C. Kelley - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Steven E. Kent - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division Jon T. Oh - CLSA Limited, Research Division Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Dustin, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Wynn Resorts Fourth Quarter 2013 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I'll now hand the call over to our host, Mr. Lewis Fanger, Vice President of Wynn Resorts. Sir, you may begin.
Lewis Fanger: Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone. Joining the call on behalf of the company today are Steve Wynn; Matt Maddox; John Strzemp, Kim Sinatra, Steve Cootey; and Scott Peterson here in Las Vegas. And dialing in from Wynn Macau, we have, Gamal Aziz; Ian Coughlan; and Robert Gansmo. With that said, let me turn it over to Matt.
Matthew O. Maddox: Thank you, and good afternoon, everyone. Good morning in Asia. Before we get started, I just have to remind everybody that we will be making forward-looking statements under the Safe Harbor of Federal Securities Law, and those statements may or may not come true. So Steve, opening remarks?
Stephen A. Wynn: Well, the numbers, the numbers always, as usual, speak for themselves. In terms of interpreting or our impressions of our own operations, for 2 hotels to have a cash flow of $1.8 billion and change is very satisfying. What is most paramount in our minds these days are 2 principal objectives: number one, to launch the Wynn Palace in 22 or 23 months with the same kind of success and finesse and energy that we have dedicated to its planning these last 2 years before we broke ground and the last year that we've been constructing it. Foundations are finished, everything is on time and on budget. And we'll be, in December of '16, we'll make a campus out of it, and in January, we'll be training, and we'll be open this week in 2 years. We believe that the hotel is preemptive enough, it's an all-suite hotel, it's preemptive enough that when it is -- when it debuts in 2 years, it will become the photo op and the conversation piece of Asia. And that's quite a statement to make in view of how elegant and how well conceived our competitors' hotels are. But we're fairly confident since we've seen them and we've seen our own product, that using capital and experience, we've taken the business to another level. We've also been planning Phase 2, and that nearly doubles what's in the palace and we'll be talking about that in quarterly reports coming up in this -- in the year, in the calendar year 2014. We'll be very specific and we'll be showing pictures and describing Phase 2 shortly. But today, the second thing that I wanted to mention that occupies fully our focus and concentration is to see to it that The Peninsula Hotel Wynn Encore does not become a stepchild. Many of the hotels that were on the Peninsula were done in another period of time, with another set of principles and priorities. Cotai represents the best efforts of everybody. But when we built the hotel on the Peninsula and opened in '06, we took our time and decided that it was going to be a preemptive hotel, that we would forgo early arrival in the market to have a more powerful entry later. Now that had advantages and disadvantages that are obvious. We gave up income early and settled for more income later. But that hotel is, in every respect, preeminent in terms of its yield per table, per foot, per dollar of investment, any other kind of metric you want to put on it. The Peninsula hotel is, just this past week, again both Encore and Wynn, received five-star status in rooms, in its restaurants and its spas, which is quite something because there are only 4 or 5 of them in all of the People's Republic of China and we're the only one that has that distinction in Macau, along with the 3 hotels in Hong Kong: The Peninsula, the Mandarin Oriental and the Four Seasons. If we continue to invest and reinvent the hotel in the Peninsula, it will maintain the kind of performance that it demonstrated this year, which was over $1,300,000,000. Now from a 100,000-room hotel that cost $1.5 billion, that's a lot. And we're not willing to let that become 50% or 60% or 70% of what it is today. So we have reinvested. And we opened, as a matter of fact, 3 days ago a whole new section on the top of the escalator on the second floor. That is going to be very well received during Chinese New Year. And we have drawings in and we're waiting final approval to start the construction on a very dramatic reinvention of the west side of the casino, which is towards MGM in Macau. My point of all of this is that we do not intend to give any ground up with the Peninsula property against any competition at Cotai, whether it's our neighbors or our own building. And that's a big priority to us. And I think that we've got that -- the understanding and the experience to do it. Now I'll be glad to answer questions about the monies, but we're very pleased with Las Vegas. We are the market leader in every category, regardless of how many rooms other people have or how many hotels other peoples have. Our hotel made $483 million in cash flow, and nobody was within $100 million of that on The Strip no matter how many rooms they have. And it's the same store in China. Ounce for ounce, foot for foot. We -- our earnings were exceeded by the Sands which is a property of The Venetian by $50-odd million. They have 3x as many rooms. They have 250% more machines. They have 50% or so, 40%, 50% more tables, but we do 80% of the earnings at $1.324 billion. So size matters at a certain -- in a certain -- to a certain extent. But as our bigger properties come online in Cotai, we will narrow those gaps radically and rapidly. But we do have to wait until these projects that are under construction and under design now mature. But we're very happy with our decision in the market, and this year, satisfied us in every respect. I'll take questions now, and so will everybody else on the call.
Lewis Fanger: Dustin, we're ready for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Joe Greff with JPMorgan.
Joseph Greff - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Steve, Macau mass tables in the fourth quarter, up 35% year-over-year and up 22% sequentially, pretty good in relation to what the mass market did in general in Macau for the quarter. Can you talk a little bit about what's driving that? Are you marketing differently? Are you utilizing the room base differently? How sustainable is this?
Stephen A. Wynn: Joe, it's a very good question. In the first quarter and the second quarter, we lagged in the mass marketing in Macau. And we always do lag because we never lead the market in discounting or marketing aggression. One of the reasons is because we think in terms of our bottom line. And until we see a major opportunity in the market or we perceive that our lag is too much, we tend to be slow in reacting on this level because we're so protective of margin. But we decided that we had to make some adjustments during the second quarter last year and we instituted those in the end of the summer. And the fourth quarter shows what happens. We still didn't exceed the market. We didn't even equal it in many regards. But the minute that we start to get close, then the business runs back to us and you see us outperform the market as we did in the fourth quarter. We'd like -- we like very much the idea of waiting before we make an adjustment to make sure that if we do it, we're not going to affect our margin. And until we see the competition affecting our margin, we don't react. So we tend to lag as we did this past year. Now in terms of slot machines and -- well, for example, I like to compare us to the market leader, which I consider to be The Venetian in many respects. I have great respect for the work they've done as I do for Galaxy on Cotai. They've done, all of the guys, including Melco, have done a great job. But let's take the hotel that we looked at with regard to slots. They have [indiscernible] times as many slots and we won more money with 900 slot machines than The Venetian with 3,000 rooms to our 1,000. Our slot win was, in absolute dollars, greater than a powerful competitor of that sort. So Maddox maybe can explain to you, Joe, why we lag. But when we do decide to make the move, we've done enough research that our feet are on the ground and we get a positive kind of result that you observed in the fourth quarter, that really started at the end of the third quarter.
Matthew O. Maddox: And we timed it with our new slot room, which opened this year, and we opened a new premium area in mass. And so you saw the impact of all of these things together in the fourth quarter.
Stephen A. Wynn: And there's more of that coming on The Peninsula Hotel before the opening of the Wynn Palace on Cotai. More of that coming.
Joseph Greff - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Great. Last night, we heard from the Las Vegas Sands guys that they felt a little bit more positive at the Las Vegas Strip market. And they are -- they have generally been maybe more cautious to less optimistic than others on the Las Vegas Strip market. How are you feeling about the room pricing environment this year? Obviously, citywide, it's going to be up nicely this year versus last year. Can you just talk about the room pricing environment, please?
Stephen A. Wynn: It's very interesting that I didn't hear the call, but I'm very impressed with their results. And I think that -- and the management team over at the Sands resorts, they have got their feet on the ground. They know what they're doing in all respects. I'm glad to hear them say that. For ourselves, we're noticing an uptick in convention bookings this year. We saw an improvement in retail. We saw an improvement in our hotel rate and our hotel occupancy. They weren't stunning, but they were upticks in single-digit stuff and which is one of the reasons why we made $483 million on The Strip with less rooms than our neighbors. But I think that I'd be -- our drop in slot machines are coin in and our handle in the pit was about the same. The whole percentage was a little better than last year. But I think that 2014 is going to be a year that will equal or exceed 2013. I would not, however, claim that Las Vegas is booming. I still am cautious. We're feeling the impact of the Affordable Health Care, continues to hit us, and we had to struggle to overcome it. And that hits us pretty hard this year. And there are some other regulations that are -- that have to do with the way we run our business, the filings and reports and stuff. Nothing has come out of Washington, has done anything but add to our operating expenses. And in 2015, for example, we will have the anniversary of our 10-year culinary contract. And as you may remember, we signed a contract for 10 years. We have very good relations with the union, and so we've never had any of the interim union negotiations that the other fellows had, but we'll look forward to that in 2015. So I think '14 is going to be fine.
Operator: Our next question comes from that line of Shaun Kelley with Bank of America.
Shaun C. Kelley - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Steve, I was wondering if you could talk a little bit more. You talked specifically about some of the premium mass and the reacceleration there. But could you just talk a little bit more about maybe some of the specific initiatives that you guys took, like if you were able to move tables and reallocate and just what kind of specific you were able to do in the quarter really to drive the improvement that we saw?
Stephen A. Wynn: Well, Shaun, I'd tell you. I love these quarterly calls, and I think it's important that public companies are forthcoming, but we are joined on these calls by our competitors. And our marketing strategies are not something that, except in very general terms, that I'm comfortable in discussing on a conference call. Those are managed things. And some of them are pretty inside stuff and I respect our competitors, but I don't want to be giving lessons. Sorry.
Shaun C. Kelley - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: No, I think that's very fair. Then maybe if I switch gears, I think you said in the prepared remarks that you were looking at kind of continuing to target some CapEx there at the Wynn Macau property. And could you give us a little sense of maybe just a little bit more detail on what you're thinking in terms of timing and budget behind some of that?
Stephen A. Wynn: Sure. Yes, that's a great question. And when we built Encore's side, when we developed to the east side of the building where the tree of prosperity is and where our -- and when we created the Encore tower where the garage was, we made a strategic move and we abandoned the bus entrance on the south side of our property and moved the bus entrance to the north side of the property so that the folks coming from the border and from the ferry terminal would be able to experience the tree of prosperity and enter our shopping arcade from the new end, because we had the elevators through the main hotel at the other end. That is to say we made a significant change in the source of arrival, the point of arrival of the humans into the building. And that changed the character of the south entrance that was adjacent to the boardwalk that faces MGM. When we built the Encore casino, we -- at the far southeastern corner of the building, that created one of the most powerful moments of income for us in the building. But the west-southwest corner, which is closest to the boardwalk and the central shopping center, that got weakened significantly by the absence of the bus arrivals. That end of the casino, therefore, is underperformed. We use it for poker and other things now. There's a Starbucks there. But it's a place that gave us an opportunity to redesign and reconfigure. And we took quite a bit of time building that out and creating drawings and getting ready and submitting those things to the city, and we're awaiting final approval to do the demolition and the reconstruction which we expect momentarily. And that will be a combination of additional mass space but also very high-end gaming at a level, at a level, and this is the important part, that equals or exceeds what we're doing in the palace in Cotai. And the space that we're going to build will redefine the luxury level of that sort of thing in The Peninsula and will equal or exceed what we're doing on our own properties in Cotai. And I suspect that we -- I think our budget's, Matt...
Matthew O. Maddox: Ian? $65 million for that.
Stephen A. Wynn: Ian, is $65 million right? Robert?
Ian Michael Coughlan: It's in or around there.
Robert Gansmo: That's correct, Ian.
Stephen A. Wynn: Just the one part at $65 million. And this year, we put into the building how much, Ian?
Ian Michael Coughlan: We put $35 million into our Wynn tower upgrade, and we put another USD 10 million into the new junket room that opened a few days ago. And we renovated the style, which was USD 1.5 million.
Stephen A. Wynn: And then we also did the link. The mass area, we did that physically where we spent $5 million or $6 million.
Ian Michael Coughlan: Yes, another $11 million.
Stephen A. Wynn: So over $120 million.
Matthew O. Maddox: That's right. It's $60 million this year and it looks like it'll be a little more than that in 2014.
Stephen A. Wynn: Another $60 million.
Matthew O. Maddox: Yes.
Stephen A. Wynn: So we're pretty aggressive. But, again, the point I would make, Shaun, is I would say that it's not the money. It's the thought and the creativity that goes into those expenditures that will define our success, and hopefully, we'll be hitting the target correctly.
Shaun C. Kelley - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: No, I think it sounds great. And then I guess the last question would be, just thinking more big picture, Steve. Obviously, you guys continue to spin off other cash flow. You have a lot of flexibility when it comes to the balance sheet. So would you ever consider investing elsewhere in Macau? If you were to have an opportunity to pick off something, it might be non-gaming? But given just how scarce real estate value is elsewhere, maybe for hotel rooms or for something that you think could continue to appeal to the guests there as the whole market morphs more towards non-gaming over time.
Stephen A. Wynn: First of all, we look for opportunities every month and share our ambition in that regard with the government and other community leaders to extend and increase our commitment financially to Macau and to the People's Republic of China because we've done so well in China. But the benefits of our Macau investment have been incredibly important here in Las Vegas. When that hotel was 2 years old, because of the success, I was able to spend $2.25 billion to build Encore in Las Vegas. That was strictly because of our investment in China that we were able to create 7,000 direct and maybe 14,000 indirect jobs here on the Strip. I think the same thing is true for the Sands. Were it not for our foreign investment and a wonderful opportunity given to us by the government to participate in Macau, our Las Vegas properties would look nothing like what they are now, nor would our employment at The Venetian, The Palazzo, Wynn and Encore be anywhere near what it is today. All that is due directly to the fact that we were given the privilege of investing in Macau. And so although I don't like to take issue with the President's statement about the globalization of some American companies, in the case of the gaming companies of Las Vegas, Mr. Adelson's and mine in particular, Las Vegas has been the principal beneficiary in terms of employment and capital investment of our involvement in China. I would like to take advantage of the money we make in China by investing more there. Today, we are reinvesting in Macau more than we've made there. Our accumulated profits are being reinvested in Macau. Phase 1 and 2 will cost $8 billion or $9 billion before we're done on Cotai, in addition to the $1.5 billion or $1.6 billion we've invested already. With the help of the Chinese banks, we've been able to continue to reinvest and build and I'm delighted to do it. Our new projects on Cotai, Phase 1 and 2, are going to be probably 10 million feet altogether. Less than 3% of that is gaming, 95% or 97% of it is non-gaming. So even in the stuff that we're building now, it's mostly non-gaming, hospitality, food, beverage and entertainment, and it's true not only of ourselves but also true of Venetian. Now I'm not here to be a spokesman for Venetian, but I know that all of us share a desire to invest as intelligently, as aggressively in China as is humanly possible. And that's my answer.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steven Kent with Goldman Sachs.
Steven E. Kent - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Steve, can you hear me?
Stephen A. Wynn: Yes, I can.
Steven E. Kent - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. Steve, can you just talk about your projects in other markets, specifically Massachusetts. And the reason I always ask about this is I think about all the time you and your team are spending in that market. How do you measure that time spent return versus the opportunity? And how are you thinking about these projects as you move forward?
Stephen A. Wynn: Okay, fair enough. Good question. It's the kind of a question that we ask ourselves at board meetings and in management conversations every month. We believe that the opportunity to build a destination hotel in the greater metropolitan Boston area is a really fine business opportunity under the right circumstances. The state of Massachusetts wants to increase employment, have some steady tax revenues and they want those jobs to be stable and enduring. We do too. So we have filed our papers and expressed ourselves and complied with the law and submitted to a particularly grueling background investigative process, which has now concluded. And we faced this situation against the Mohegan Sun folks. And we're feeling pretty confident that the facts are overwhelmingly on our side to be successful in Massachusetts. And we've said that we're going to invest $1.5 billion or $1.6 billion. And as our custom, we'd probably borrow $900 million or $1 billion and put up $500 million. That would be our kind of ratio to maintain our investment-grade status that we've enjoyed in the past to keep our interest expenses low and have control of our maturities. If we invest $500 million, I believe we can make $300 million on equity in Boston. Now if you measure every business opportunity against Macau, you will shortly be nowhere 52 weeks a year except Macau. It's a stultifying thing to be -- a wonderful thing to be in business in Macau. But up to now, the returns of investments have been very large, which is why we're reinvesting so rapidly in Macau. But we can't judge the rest of the world by Macau. I don't think we should. I think we should take our investment opportunities on their own merits, and we say, "What is the proper use of our capital?" Now Steve, there's a second thing about this. If we have issued, that is to say avoided, regional casinos, racinos and riverboats because we don't think they have the kind of growth opportunity or the chance for us to use our mojo, our skill set in attracting high-quality players. Boston, Massachusetts is an international destination city. And having the Wynn brand in Boston gives that casino a tremendous edge over everything else on the East Coast. And we've made sure that we back that up with facts. Our rooms would be better than any hotel that exists in Boston, Philadelphia, New York or any other Metropolitan area of the Eastern United States, including Atlanta, Georgia, or Miami, Florida, the best -- or Chicago. The largest hotel rooms would be our 500 rooms in Boston. Also, the physical description of the hotel and its public areas would exceed anything in any city on the East Coast. And that means we would have a competitive advantage and we'd be able to take advantage of the thousands and thousands of Asian and Mid-Eastern students who are at school in Boston, who's parents come to visit them on a regular basis. Boston is a destination city for people around the world, and we have the customer base and the contacts to take advantage of it and bring international business to Boston. Secondly, there isn't a player, and I make the statement categorically, there isn't a gambler, casino customer in the United States of America that doesn't know our brand. There isn't a player in New England or Pennsylvania, New Jersey, Delaware or New York that won't come to a Wynn if they can get to it, if it's in Boston, to the exclusion of the competition in many respects. Finally, a hotel of that caliber in Boston will also give us, in a manner similar to Harrah's, more access to people who will get to know us even better in Boston and therefore may come to Las Vegas. And one of the things that we've seen with all the other conversations about Las Vegas is that domestic business is on the wane, that is to say that it's decreasing. The amount of casino and slot revenue domestically is less now in this city than it was 10 years ago because of regional casinos have cut into the Las Vegas pie. It's not that Las Vegas isn't highly regarded and the destination of choice, but instead of visiting here 4 times or 5, they come once or twice because they go to the stuff locally. By us having a big presence on the East Coast, I believe that helps our domestic component here in Las Vegas. That and the return on equity is my answer.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Carlo Santarelli with Deutsche Bank.
Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: A couple of things going on internationally and across the globe. Could you talk a little bit about how you guys are thinking about opportunities in places like Japan and South Korea, should they come to fruition?
Stephen A. Wynn: I was in Seoul, Korea last week, as a matter of fact, since you mentioned it. I was there and went from Korea and Macau straight to Boston last week incidentally. Here is what we think about that. Think about this. We got a concession in Macau. Why? Was it crowded, intense competition? There were 29 or 30 applicants, leading developers from Hong Kong, all the homeboys and every major casino company from Australia to Las Vegas and the East Coast, and yet we got the first concession. According to the scores that the government published in the South China Morning Post, we had the highest score and I got the concession at the time all by myself that time. And why we got it wasn't because I knew anybody in China, I didn't know anybody. I knew Stanley Ho, but that didn't mean anything. He was competing with me. We got it because of Bellagio and Barrage. We got it because of our track record and the kinds of properties that we had created in the past. That is to say we got it on the merits the old-fashioned way. Now let's say that Japan decides to go for this 2 years from now and it won't be before that. If they have anything this year, it will be study bill. And then the study bill will take up another year or so and then we'll be in decision mode in '16. I have to tell you this, that we understand what it is that makes people pick one company over another if there's such a -- distinction has to be made. It's track record and the quality of their existing projects. In 2016, the world will see Wynn Palace in Macau, right up close to Japan. Just as the Sands Marina Bay is very much a model in Asia, I believe that the Wynn Palace, when it exists and when people can look at it, touch it and walk in it, it will be the best and most coercive influence on people's decision. You have to assume that if they make a decision in South Korea, a country that has the most educated and intelligent population in terms of most metrics of any industrialized nation, if they make a decision in Japan or South Korea, it will be based upon an intelligent assessment of the applicants. And let's say there's a limited license situation again, then I believe that we will be a front runner, but we'll certainly be among the front runners because of the work that we've done, because of our financial statement like Boston, because of the -- we just got -- we -- just last week, they announced, while I was in Boston, on the 22nd of January, was the day that Forbes announced the 5 stars. And the President of Forbes said that the 5 stars in your restaurants and hotels in Macau and your 5 stars -- and spas and your 5 stars in Las Vegas in your spas and hotel rooms give you 65 stars in 2 hotels in these 4 properties, and that's more than anyone in the world. Well, those are real distinguishing characteristics and we intend to take that kind of competitive edge and stick with it. And so when we talk about other jurisdictions, wherever they may be, what we will do is put our credentials up. And credentials are constantly changing, and you have to keep reinventing yourself. But right now, I'm comfortable standing on our track record.
Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Understood. Then if -- I just had 2 quick housekeeping questions. Matt or Robert, would you guys be able to provide the cash in Macau currently in that $2.9 billion balance? And then just in terms of the tables in Macau currently, it looks like 513 is the number in the release, obviously up from the average in the period. But were there some incremental tables that came along with the new junket room that you guys spoke about earlier?
Matthew O. Maddox: Yes, that's exactly right. The junket room that just opened is the incremental table as you'll see the VIP count, taking it to 513. The cash is around a little less than $1 billion onshore and the rest is offshore.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Felicia Hendrix with Barclays.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Steve, while we're on emerging markets ahead of [indiscernible] in Japan, last night, on the LVS corner, you didn't listen to it, but Sheldon made an interesting comment. He highlighted the point that the owner is licensing process for a foreign company to partner with the U.S. gaming operator could make the concepts of having domestic partners challenging. I was wondering your thoughts on that.
Stephen A. Wynn: I'm sorry, didn't hear Sheldon's comment. Was he referring to the idea of having -- was he speaking about Japan? I don't know what you meant by that. I'm sorry.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Yes, in Japan, I think everybody is trying to figure it out, and obviously, the rules aren't written yet, but he was probably trying to figure out what and if the partnership structure will look like. And Sheldon has made an interesting comment saying that it might not be realistic given how onerous it is to apply for licensing with a U.S. gaming operator.
Stephen A. Wynn: Be onerous for a Japanese company?
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Yes, for any foreign company and the process that they have to go through.
Stephen A. Wynn: Yes, so Mr. Adelson is saying that if you partner with an American company, you might have to endure American scrutiny?
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Correct.
Stephen A. Wynn: Oh, now I get the point. Well, I think he's right. I mean, places like Nevada and Massachusetts, New Jersey, they have this process that's thorough, sometimes frivolous, ridiculous. One time, one of the jurisdictions insisted that we supply proof of ownership of our automobiles, a marriage certificate from someone who've been married for 55 years, a stuff that became ludicrous. Our submission in Massachusetts was 18,000 pages and weighed 225 pounds. I had some fun with it at our hearing by saying, "I love it so much I take it with me wherever I go." And I'm sure everybody's going to read every one of the 18,000 pages and I think that's the kind of thing that Mr. Adelson was been talking about and whether Toyota or Fuji want to do that. On the other hand, it isn't clear that being a partner with an American company, for example, in Tokyo or Osaka, would subject this -- the Japanese company to the same level of scrutiny in filing the applications. Remember that the law says, for example in Las Vegas and in Massachusetts, that if you are going to participate in the revenue of the local casino in Massachusetts or Nevada, then you must file suitability papers. It does not say that if I have a partner in China that, that partner has to file papers. It specifically does not say that. So if I were to be partners with, let's just pick Toyota, if I was partners with Toyota, Toyota would not be required to be suitable in Las Vegas. What would be -- happen is that if Toyota got in trouble and we were partners with Toyota, and Toyota's executives did something particularly heinous, then Nevada might say to us, "They're not suitable partners for you anymore." But automatically being partners with an American company would not mean that any foreign company, Japanese, South Korean or anyone else, would have to immediately be licensed in America. I know it happened in the case of Pansy Ho. But Pansy volunteered to be licensed in Nevada and was found suitable. The New Jersey people, in a moment of temporary insanity, decided they ought to license her father, or at least the impression they were doing that, a ridiculous thing. And I think they're going to change their minds and find MGM suitable again from what I hear. But that was an exception. And so what Sheldon Adelson says is conceivably a problem, but I don't think automatically is a problem.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay, that's really helpful. And moving to Massachusetts, just a few things interesting that are going on there. We read recently that you're petitioning for lower taxes there to get a similar rate as the tribe applying for the Southern license. I was wondering if you could address that.
Stephen A. Wynn: Well, I don't think it's -- I think it's going to be a moot point. There was a situation where the tribe who's last part of their name is Wampanoag.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: The Mashpees?
Stephen A. Wynn: Mashpees Wampanoag. They are a tribe. It's very interesting. They wanted to -- they had some tribal land that was close to Martha's Vineyard. And the establishment at Massachusetts says, "Oh no, you don't. We don't want a casino in Martha's Vineyard, go somewhere else." And the Governor was concerned that the Indians would -- the tribe would get a compact -- would not have a compact with Massachusetts, but will be allowed to have gaming and Massachusetts would get nothing. So the Governor started to negotiate with that tribe for a compact. They came to an agreement of 25%, but the Washington Indian Authority said, "That's too much." So they reapplied Massachusetts, they applied with a new conditional compact that says 17%, and apparently, that passed muster in Washington. But the Indians themselves had not yet got their land put into trust, which meant they could not execute on the compact that they had agreed to conditionally with the Governor. That put the state of Massachusetts in an awkward position. Wait and not award the license in the -- in zone 2, I think it's called, yes. Not award the license in zone 2. Await and see what happens with the Indians, in which case they then have a compact where at least they get 17%. To that possibility, I raised the question, well, how would it be if I had to compete with someone down the street within 60 minutes and I had to pay 50% more for my product than he had to pay? I would be broke. My casino would be in an intolerably disadvantaged position. My employees' job security would be threatened and the tax stream from zone 1 would be completely undercut to the detriment of Massachusetts. So I said, "Look, could we maybe have a situation where if the Indians do get a compact and you award the license to them, we'll get the same rate that they get after they get it when they commence operations and so MGM and ourselves would pay 17%, but you'd have a third person paying 17%, so you'd still make more money. Or if you give the license to someone else and not to these Indians on a commercial basis and they paid 25%, we would continue to pay happily the 25%." So it's a conundrum, and it's a situation for which the Massachusetts authorities have no immediate answer nor do we except to say that it would be folly to have 2 casinos competing with one another where one person pays 50% more in taxes than its neighbor. That person would go broke and it won't be me, I can assure you, nor Wynn Resorts, it will not be us. On the other hand, I think the possibilities are more likely that Foxwoods will apply on a commercial level for that third license and agree to pay 25%, not with a compact with the state but simply as a competitive operator like MGM and ourselves. So I think that point is going to go away most likely. But at the present moment, it's a bit of a question mark.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Yes, very interesting. And then finally, just a housekeeping question. Looks like you held a bit high in Las Vegas, that maybe you could give us the whole adjusted number.
Matthew O. Maddox: Yes, it's in the neighborhood of $20 million.
Operator: We have time for 2 last questions. Our first question comes from the line of Jon Oh with CLSA.
Jon T. Oh - CLSA Limited, Research Division: If I'd just look at Macau today, do you think Macau is capacity constrained? And as we look towards 2015 onwards, we expect several properties to be trickling in. What do you think the supply addition will do to the market? Do you think there's going to be any period of indigestion? And what do you think margin levels are going to look like? Do you think whatever profitability levels you're seeing today, is that going to be sustainable given that you're going to get a short period of supply burst coming in?
Stephen A. Wynn: Let me dust off my crystal ball, which, at the moment, is murky. The simple answer to your first question is supply constrained. Do I think Macau is? No, I don't. And I think you know why, what the answer to that question is, I don't think it is. Now the second part of your question is much more specific. You'd like to know what we think will be the arc of revenue and market growth. On that, Maddox is going to discuss that in just a minute and so will Ian who, at the moment, is in Singapore or Robert Gansmo. But I want to point out something else. When you speak to us, you're not speaking to the Chamber of Commerce nor to the government of Macau, the tax collector. You're speaking to a company that thrives in competitive environments. As a matter of fact, exists because of the competitive environment and seeks to capture the top end of that business, very much the way a Louis Vuitton or Hermes would in retail. So we're not ever actually a reflection of the market trend. We tend -- there's always going to be people in the hotel rooms. There's so many Chinese folks and folks in Asia that are visiting. The visitation length is growing. The frequency is being replaced now by new blood that's coming to the market every day. We will always try and get the top end of the market and we'll build and market our buildings accordingly. So we're less focused on mass economic -- macroeconomic trends than we are on our ability to run our own business intelligently and profit for our own experience. And I'll ask Robert Gansmo and Ian to chime in on the part of your question that has to do with prognosis. Robert? Ian? Go ahead, Ian, if you have thoughts on the subject.
Ian Michael Coughlan: I mean, I've been in Macau for 7 years, and as we look at new resorts opening, I've seen 10 new casino resorts open in 7 years, and there's always been trepidation about whether the market will be able to absorb them. And we've gone through various levels of critical mass development and people were expecting The Peninsula to suffer severely because of what was happening in Cotai on Phase 1. In fact, none of that came to fruition. The market has remained strong. And I believe that what's being built in Cotai over the next 4 years will all be very nicely absorbed. There'll be ramp-up periods for different properties. Different people execute at a different level. And as you articulated a little bit earlier, Wynn isn't necessarily going to come in and fight with everybody in terms of quality. When I look at what's being built in Cotai so far and what's coming up, the Wynn Palace will knock everybody out of the park. So I'm very confident that we'll do extremely well. 1/5 of humanity live across the border, we're just starting to reach those people.
Stephen A. Wynn: Well said. Matt, you have anything to add?
Matthew O. Maddox: No, that's exactly right, exactly right.
Jon T. Oh - CLSA Limited, Research Division: Okay. If I can just follow up with just one last one and if there's any thoughts on the Macau government. Do you think that Macau has any room or space to add more properties beyond the 6 or 7 in the pipeline today? I'm trying to look out beyond Wynn Palace Phase 1 or Phase 2. I think you did touch a little bit about some opportunities that you're looking at, the opportunity to invest in a market. Is it foreseeable that you could be adding another property in Macau beyond that?
Stephen A. Wynn: Well, the government has complete control of the answer to your question. And do they have real estate? On Cotai, they do. There's a whole golf course there. Remember the golf course that Harrah's has bought and sold and lost money on? That golf course is not currently identified as a casino site, but the government can change that. The government can change a lot of things, if they decide that it's in the best interest of the community to do so. I'm sure that as autonomous as the special administrative region of Macau is, that they collaborate and discuss this as they do in Hong Kong with the Central Government. So I don't know. Is it possible that there are 6 licensed or legally authorized people, the 3 primary concessionaires that says that's Mr. Ho's company and Galaxy and ourselves and the sub-concessionaires of Melco, the Sands and MGM with their partnerships? There are 6 of us, and each of us have more than one operation. Sheldon has -- Sheldon Adelson's company has the most. Galaxy is coming up fast with construction. MGM has started in the midst of building their second place. And we're in the midst of a multiple property expansion on our land. And then, of course, SJM is building. I think that Melco has got a tower going up now. And then there's Studio City from Melco. Everybody is trying to maximize their opportunity and they're being encouraged by the government because of employment and taxation. If the government wants to go further, they'll signify that publicly. They have specifically said that the concessions are now frozen and will remain so. They have specifically said that the land that's authorized for casino development is this piece and that piece and that piece. They're very specific about identifying the real estate. And they're not agreeing to add to it. And that's my input based upon my conversations with the government a week ago. But could they change? For sure. It's up to them. They have complete freedom to do as they see fit.
Operator: Our final question comes from the line of Robin Farley with UBS.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Can you give a little bit of color on the timing for Wynn Palace Phase 2? And then also, just looking at your table mix at the Wynn property, it looks like earlier in the year, there was a shift from premium, converting some of those tables to the mass floor, and then it seems like it's maybe moved back a little bit in this last quarter. So I wonder if you could just comment on that.
Matthew O. Maddox: Hey, Robin, I'll talk about the tables. So if you noticed, our mass tables are actually up to 219 from 203 average in the third quarter and 199 year-on-year. So that's that new premium mass area that we opened in October. Beginning of October, it added those additional 15 tables. So the mix is actually tipping more towards mass.
Stephen A. Wynn: And we just added this week, it's only 3 days old, is the new junket area. You haven't felt that yet, you will starting next week.
Matthew O. Maddox: Correct.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Because it looks like from the 80 gaming machines that were taken out, that the tables that were added were basically incremental to VIP. The mass tables I see here, it went up by 2 tables since your last press release, but it was the VIP tables that had shifted down from Q2 to Q3 and then seem to have shifted up a bit...
Stephen A. Wynn: Why is this important, this level of detail?
Matthew O. Maddox: And you're actually -- you're looking at the wrong number. So we added 15 mass tables on September 29, so that's -- you just saw the October announcement. So that's what's happened.
Stephen A. Wynn: Does it make any difference, really? This -- that...
Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Just speaking about the profitability of VIP tables versus the mass and basically how you're yielding tables. That's why the investment in the shift.
Stephen A. Wynn: Well, I think you probably noticed the mass outperformed the market in the fourth quarter. It was partially due to the addition of the tables, but it was also done to programmatic things that we did. And so I think, Robin, that besides the equipment total, the really important thing is who's at those decisions. Again, when the opportunity presents itself in these discussions in the gaming industry, whether it's on conference calls or in smaller meetings, I can't stress enough that in a casino, it's all about who's sitting at a slot machine, who's sitting at a table. How else could 900 slot machines at Wynn outperform over 2,000 machines at The Venetian, when there's 3,000 rooms instead of 1,000? It who's at the chair that matters. So whether we have 10 more junket tables or 10 more mass tables, what we're trying to do is match the whole experience of the building to the guest's experience of that total. And that has to do with the flow of the building, the adjacency of related elements within the casino. You can take an array of slot machines and tables in one arrangement with regard to restaurants, bathrooms, doors, bus entrances and all the rest and elevators. And then -- and you will get revenue of x. And then you could take those exact pieces of equipment, shuffle the deck and array them differently with regard to the adjacency elements and you can get revenue of 1.5 or 2x. So I caution you about our table mix. And I really would love it if we could have discussions with the analysts about the organization of the casino. Those are the things...
Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Yes, I think people on the call understand it's more than just the number of tables. That was just a question. Do you have any color on the Wynn Palace Phase 2 opening?
Stephen A. Wynn: Sure do. Working on it every day for the past 10 months. And it's 2 towers, 2 buildings. It takes our total from 1,701 to approximately 1,500 additional rooms, every one of which has a living room, a massage room and a his and her bathroom. All suites, all of them, 100%. When we say that we're going to hold our position and take it to another level, we're not just saying that like a developer yapping. We're not kidding. We intend to stake a permanent claim on the premium mass market business in Cotai because we're going to build 1,500 apartments. And we're going to give everybody who wants to go to the casino a living room, a bedroom, a his and her bathroom and a massage room in every single room, and it will be 1,400 feet. Pretty close, 1,370 feet. So there, I'm telling you about Phase 2. And it will double the capacity of the Wynn Palace. And the -- that -- imagine if we get into a contest, how would you like to have a his and her bathroom, Robin, and a massage room and a living room and a bedroom, and 80-inch television sets and be able to buy that for $300 or $400? Think that'd be, okay? Do you think a gambler would like to do that or would they rather stay in the Sheraton?
Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: And how long after Phase 1? Do you think is that like within 2 years of opening Phase 1?
Stephen A. Wynn: 2, 2. So the competition has a little time. We're always a little slower. But I'm telling you exactly how serious we are about the competitive entries. I was just talking about the rooms. I didn't get in detail the rest of the place because what we're doing with deluxe -- that's the basic room. That's the lowest level of a combination in Phase 2. Then we get into the entertainment and the food and beverage and the other attractions and I promise you that we have given the same kind of attention and focus. And we know exactly and have tremendous respect for our competition. And one of the reasons that we're doing this kind of work is because we respect them so completely. We take nothing for granted. And if anybody wants to compete with us in 2017, that's '16 and '17 and '18, they better have their ankles taped and they better have their game ready because our company is entering this competition with a firm desire to have the best performance of any given establishment of comparable size. As we have in Atlantic City, Fremont Street, The Strip in Las Vegas, there's never been a market where we didn't have the best-performing property ounce per ounce, table for table, foot for foot. And I don't see any reason why -- we don't see any reason to change our strategy.
Operator: I'll now turn the call back over to Steve Wynn for closing remarks.
Stephen A. Wynn: Always nice to have these opportunities to discuss our business and to share our thoughts with our competitors who listen to the calls. I'm sorry I missed The Venetian's call yesterday, but I thought their performance was outstanding in all markets. I congratulate Mr. Adelson and his colleagues on such a good job. And again, my last thought is look how Las Vegas, its citizens and employees have benefited from the fact that The Sands company and the Wynn company and MGM are doing business and taking part in the global economy. Were it not for our ability to take advantage of the global economy, all of the current energy on The Strip would evaporate. Nevada has been -- United States has been the principal beneficiary of the globalization of the gaming industry. And I might point out that last year, our company broke a record. No company in the history of Nevada has won $800 million in gaming revenue except our company. But of that $800 million, $500 million -- excuse me, a total of $800 million in gaming and non-casino revenue, we did $880 million -- what, $853 million...
Matthew O. Maddox: $853 million.
Stephen A. Wynn: $853 million in gaming and we did $1.1 billion in non-gaming, for a total of $1.950 billion in gross revenue. I have to tell you that this company had at least $1.2 billion of international income. That is to say our customers brought the money from abroad into the United States, which offset a lot of imports, which offset foreign oil. We are an exporting industry here in Nevada, especially because The Venetian, The Sands company, the Wynn company and the MGM company have brought revenue from abroad into the United States, stabilizing to a great deal -- extent the employment base of this state and offset and improve the balance of payments of the United States of America. Nevada is an exporting industry as much or more than the Walt Disney Company. And the fact that there's a Disneyland in Hong Kong and Tokyo has helped America, not hurt America. And without a Sands Marina Bay and all those hotels in Macau that Mr. Adelson has built and the ones that we're building and have built, things would be much worse in America. I make that point as my closing observation today. Thank you very much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for joining today's Fourth Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. We thank you for your participation. You may all disconnect.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-10-24 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Matthew O. Maddox - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Treasurer Stephen A. Wynn - Founder, Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, Member of Executive Committee, Chairman of Wynn Macau Limited, Chief Executive Officer of Wynn Macau Limited and President of Wynn Macau Limited Maurice Wooden - Principal Executive Officer and President Mike Harvey
Analysts: Joseph Greff - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division Shaun C. Kelley - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Steven E. Kent - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division Thomas Allen - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Amitabh Kapoor - Gabelli & Company, Inc. Grant Govertsen - Union Gaming Research Macau Limited
Operator: Good afternoon and welcome to the Wynn Resorts Third Quarter 2013 Earnings Call. Joining the call on behalf of the company today are Steve Wynn; John Strzemp; Matt Maddox; Kim Sinatra; Gamal Aziz; Maurice Wooden; Scott Peterson; Ian Coughlan, President of Wynn Macau; and Robert Gansmo, CFO of Wynn Macau. Now I would like to turn the call over to Dr. Maddox. Please go ahead, sir.
Matthew O. Maddox: Thank you very much. Good afternoon, everybody. Before we get started, I just need to remind everyone on the phone that we will be making forward-looking statements on this call under the Safe Harbor of Federal Securities Law. And those statements may or may not come true. So with that, I am going to go ahead and turn it over to Steve for some opening remarks.
Stephen A. Wynn: Okay, Dr. Maddox. Business is fine at our company and the numbers are out, so all of you know that. We are on our way to having our best year. We are $117 million ahead for this many days. In China, we're $53 million ahead to this, almost $54 million in Las Vegas. For total of $171 million or 13.4% ahead for the year and that includes up till today. So it was $15.9 million and $12.4 million in the other two, each hotel separately, $13.4 million overall. So we're very happy with our cash flows. And especially in Macau, being up 12.5% or so, being $117 million or $20 million ahead when we have had new competition -- well-designed and well-conceived competition by our colleagues on Cotai. Cotai continues to be a remarkable achievement, the whole Macau is a remarkable story. When you think of the fact that in the space of 8 or 9 years, they've gone from $2 billion to $45 billion to $50 billion in income in casino win, such a dazzling and unprecedented piece of information that takes a bit of thinking to get your arms around it. Really, it takes a bit of thinking, I don't think we've had an economic expansion of that nature in modern civilization, modern history. Maybe ever -- and it's quite remarkable and it's very exciting to be part of it, of course. And I was there on Monday. I flew over. I spent some time in Macau, just got home yesterday, and stood on our site. They're pouring concrete, finishing the foundations and pouring slabs, and getting ready to go up in the air. And we're on schedule and excited to be looking forward to a Chinese New Year in 2016, that's our anticipated opening date. Chinese New Year in '16. And we are now planning Phase 2 for Cotai and -- in which case we intend to introduce yet another product that no one has ever seen before, and there'll be more about that coming later. And we're all together very excited watching Japan and the other jurisdictions in Asia and closely following the amazing developments in places like Massachusetts and Philadelphia. So we'll take questions now if anybody would like to ask them.
Matthew O. Maddox: Victoria, we're ready for questions.
Operator: We do have a question from the line of Joe Greff.
Joseph Greff - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I have a question for Dr. Maddox on the balance sheet. Matt, you finished the quarter with $2.7 billion of cash and other liquid investments. You just raised another $600 million. So there's $3.3 billion there. How much of that resides in Macau versus the U.S? And if I'm looking at this correctly you're fully funded at this point for the rest of Cotai. Can you talk about how much of that CapEx, remaining CapEx spend is going to be between using cash versus the facility there?
Matthew O. Maddox: Sure. So at the parent company, we have approximately a $1 billion. And after the tender at Wynn Las Vegas, we'll have about $250 million. So that's the U.S. cash, the remaining is in Macau, including the $600 million transaction that we just closed. You're right that Cotai is fully funded. We -- with the over $1.8 billion of cash on hand and a $1.55 billion revolver, there is clearly plenty of capital when you calculate the free cash flow for us to continue our strong dividends out of Macau and also be very flush at the parent.
Joseph Greff - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: How much cash will be subject now, Matt, to tax-free repatriation at this point?
Matthew O. Maddox: Well, Joe, we pay taxes on our earnings, it just happens to be on the gaming revenue in lieu of income tax in Macau. And so what we do is our net income is our -- the earnings and profits are what you can redistribute -- what you can distribute under the prefiling agreements.
Stephen A. Wynn: Joe, to change the subject slightly, we borrowed $3.1 billion. And if we were to take it all down today, we would be paying $84 million in interest for $3.1 billion. I personally never thought I'd live to see something like that. It's a wonderful time to borrow money, it's a shame that we're all done doing it. It's been such fun and its been so terrific for the company's balance sheet and for our future. We're very proud of that. Matt, Dr. Maddox has done a remarkable job and we are going to refer you as Dr. Maddox from now on having done this skilled surgery on our balance sheet, we should call you Dr. Maddox. Next question.
Joseph Greff - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I have just one question on Las Vegas, REVPAR was up nicely in the 3Q. Can you talk about what you're experiencing in the 4Q or what your views are for next year? Obviously, the first half of next year is a great convention and group calendar which helps you -- -- but for the market overall. But your views and outlook there would be helpful.
Stephen A. Wynn: Is Maurice on the call? Maurice, come on here.
Maurice Wooden: Yes, so going forward, we've had positive trends in fourth quarter as well as next year, continue to look like we're continuing with the same momentum that we've had in the previous quarters. And so '14 as well, we've always talked about here in Las Vegas, is trending very well on the convention side.
Stephen A. Wynn: This is going to be our best year ever, and we're looking forward to that kind of growth improvement yet again next year.
Operator: Your next question is from Felicia Hendrix from Barclays.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Kind of staying on the topic of cash. And Matt, this is for you also and congratulations on your new designation. This is the time of the year everyone when starts thinking about and talking about a special dividend for you all. I know its a board decision but is there any reason to think that their view on paying a special dividend has changed?
Matthew O. Maddox: We really -- we have a board meeting next week November 4 and 5. We'll all get together and discuss a variety of issues. And it's our policy not to anticipate the board's actions, ma'am. So if there's any decision that's relevant, we would make an announcement after the board meeting. And so I don't really want to give any indication either way, because, frankly speaking, there are so many subjects that we're going to discuss on Monday and Tuesday, domestic and international issues that, frankly, speaking as the Chairman, and I mean frankly, I'm not sure about some of the directions that we'll take with our cash and our positions. So this is one time when not only do I not want to preface anything the board may do, because I really don't know, we just got so many things to discuss. The opportunities for our company are extraordinary. Therefore, the decisions are complex, we've got to weigh a number of factors and try and make the most intelligent decisions in all directions. You know that we are primarily an Asian company, thank goodness and God bless that. And we intend to stay an Asian company primarily. And so I'm not really -- have anything to tell you about the cash that can help you other than we'll see what happens.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And Steve, given the recent news with Caesars in Massachusetts. How do you think this will impact your chances at all, if at all, if you're awarded a license there?
Stephen A. Wynn: Well, I came back from Boston Friday after testifying on Thursday before the Commission, and Kim Sinatra told me that Caesars had withdrawn from Suffolk and I was flabbergasted. It was so unexpected. To give you some idea, the moving parts in Massachusetts, who knows what's next there. It's very confusing and it's going to be the subject of conversation at my board on Monday and Tuesday, as to how we view the Massachusetts situation and such things. And if you follow this, it's quite amazing. We've had a wonderful reception in Everett. We got 87% of the vote, which is extraordinary. Even the Red Sox aren't that popular in Everett, so we are. And that was very encouraging. Understanding the rules, regulations, and everything else in Massachusetts, is daunting at this moment and hopefully we'll get clarification as the days go by. But in my 47 years of business in the gaming industry, this is probably one of the most challenging, complex situations, the Massachusetts situation, that I've ever faced. And I say that honestly and to the point. And I'm trying to figure it out, and so is Matt, so is Kim, so is Maurice, so is Gamal Aziz and -- all of us. And we have more questions than answers usually and that's unusual even in new jurisdictions, very unusual. We have not been able to have direct contact with the commissioners because of what is referred to in Massachusetts as an expanded ethics guidelines. Expanded ethics guidelines is what they're saying. Well, okay, new jurisdiction, new commission, very complex legislation. And so getting clarification on things is a cumbersome process. And the barrier that's been erected between ourselves and those commissioners that would otherwise allow for an exchange of ideas and allow us to get comfort levels on a number of issues, not just our role as an international business company in Macau, but a number of other issues, about the building, the rules. It's been very challenging in Massachusetts and, as I say, the Caesars -- the Caesars business was surprising, unexpected. And I'm sure it's confused the hell lot of Joe O'Donnell and the people in that deal. I am sure that it's no fun being in their shoes at the moment while they are trying to sort all this out. Anything else I can help you with?
Operator: Your next question comes from Shaun Kelley with Bank of America.
Shaun C. Kelley - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Maybe to stay on the same topic of Massachusetts and possibly Philadelphia as well, if I could ask. Just wanted to get your thoughts on what are some of the key milestones, Steve, in terms of just kind of next steps that we should be looking for or you are looking for in these processes? Because clearly, I think we speak with investors about it as well, we're also trying to kind of follow along with the process that we're saying in the news. But is there -- are you still comfortable with the timeline for selection being in, I believe, it's changed but for -- when do you see that now in 2014 in Massachusetts and also the process in Philadelphia, an update there?
Stephen A. Wynn: Well, the timeline seems to change frequently. As things unroll, it's very hard to predict what the timelines are. They give us deadlines and drop-dead their dates on certain presentations and submissions we have to make. And then the response changes and timelines are altered. So we are held to a very strict discipline, but the regulatory agencies for reasons best known to them have variable timelines. And so its murky to me, I don't know when they're going to decide or how they do it. We know what the legislation says in Pennsylvania, it was to create jobs, encourage tourism, pay taxes. In Massachusetts they say basically the same thing. Other than that, you are sort of left to figure this out for yourself, because, as I say, we don't get conversations with these people. We can't have a dialogue -- we felt very strongly about this business about Macau, and so the Commission was kind enough to give us a chance to, ourselves and MGM, to make a presentation in general terms about Macau. We dont -- we can't read the Commission except a few of their questions, perhaps. We really don't know what their attitude is. You sort of have to, to use the local metaphor, you just have to roll the dice. It's hard to tell where you stand in many respects. I don't know that I am entirely comfortable being in this position, but it is what it is.
Shaun C. Kelley - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay, I appreciate that. And then maybe a switch to a different jurisdiction in different part of the world.
Stephen A. Wynn: I can add one other thing, basically these states are asking us to come and spend billions of dollars. Now if we were any other business, they would stand on their head and spit wooden nickels to get billions of dollars invested from any other business. But we find ourselves being treated in many respects as if they're doing us a favor. When I say that I'm not real comfortable with that status, I mean it's just logical. If I was any other businesses and I was willing to spend the kind of money, create the kind of jobs that these states have requested, we would have the red carpet rolled out for us and the Governor and everybody else would be delighted to talk to us. But if you are in the gaming business, there's sort of a crummy presumption that you might be unsavory. And that burns me up, I tell you the truth. And I got a -- I try and get over it because then people say that you're arrogant or you're disdainful of the process. But honestly, in gaming, very often, not in Asia but here, you can come with your money your best efforts, your reputation, your brand and you get the impression that they think they're doing you a favor sometimes saying hi to you. Now, we get to decide whether to live with that or not, and so far we are. And we're doing our best, incidentally, to bring our best game to the table, to create the jobs, bring tourism, bring people outside the region into the region, fresh money, tourism, pay a lot of taxes, give jobs to the local folks, do all the things that cities and states crave. But being an investor in America today is tough, creating jobs in America today is tough and that's just not Steve Wynn talking.
Operator: Your next question is from Steven Kent with Goldman Sachs.
Steven E. Kent - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I have a pretty easy one, which is, Steve, are you saying Wynn Palace is going to open February 8, 2016 or in the first half? Because in the press release, it says first half? And then second, and since you are -- I dont blame you for being concerned about what's going on in Massachusetts. Can you just talk about the risk-reward of this. Why pursue these opportunities in Massachusetts or Philadelphia. Is it for diversity? Is it to move the needle? Will the returns be that high? Or like you say, would you rather just be an Asian gaming company as you increasingly have been over the past 10 years?
Stephen A. Wynn: Well, there you go, Steve, you ought to come to the board meeting. Here was the idea, here is the idea out of my little brain. Las Vegas, we are the prettiest girl on the block and nobody argues with that, and we're going to remain the premier hotel on the strip. There are wonderful hotels on the strip, but we are the five star puppy and we are the ones with the record-breaking casino win and we have the bulk of the -- more than our share of the top discretionary business from international and domestic play. But Las Vegas needs support domestically, the amount of gaming activity in Las Vegas domestically has less than it was 5 years ago. The non-gaming revenue in Las Vegas at our place, because we're very big in that area, night clubs and all that sort of thing, restaurants, everybody is a foodie these days. Non-casino revenue has gone up. But casino revenue, domestically, is not a growing business. It's because of the spread of gaming to the regional casinos. The regional casinos on the other hand, and we can use Caesars as an example, the folks at Harrah's bought Caesars because they needed a home base to offer as a reward, to help promote their regional casinos. The regional casinos on the other hand help support Caesars in a very nice way by sending the best of their customers with slot jackpots and promotional rewards to Caesars Palace. This is such an important thing that the folks at Pinnacle Gaming made a deal with Wynn to use us as a base for their players, and we get some nice players from Pinnacle and Pinnacle benefits from that. It was a deal that Dr. Maddox made. Now we said we weren't into riverboats and racinos, not our thing. So we've always eschewed any opportunity like that. But all of a sudden, Pennsylvania and Massachusetts say we're going to put hotel casinos in the metropolitan area. Now this means that the era of the grand hotel could come back again, beautiful hotels that people actually go and stay for the weekend, eat in fine restaurants, have meetings. And sure, if they want to gamble, they go down the hall and gamble in a room that's isolated. I like that idea, the grand hotel, I love the old -- the heyday of the Waldorf Astoria and the Ritz and the places like that. So I thought, well, here comes the chance to resurrect the grand hotel in Boston and Philadelphia, and we'll bring our brand to those cities and bring people from outside the region into the region. That will also help us increase our databases in Las Vegas. And Las Vegas, on the other hand, because we're a premier property, will make the people that go to Boston or Philadelphia even more excited about being part of the Wynn system. So I saw this pretty picture of Urban Wynn in Boston and Philadelphia hotels of our standard, at our level, complementing our place in Las Vegas, and maybe us picking up $15 million or $20 million in EBITDA here as incremental profitability in Las Vegas. And incidentally, in the process, establishing a structure in Philadelphia or Boston that would be so exemplary, such a case study in what we do, so completely different from the relatively ugly face of gaming in America. I think if you look at regional gaming in America, with 1 or 2 exceptions, it's homely -- racinos are homely and unattractive places. But we were going to build something that would be a case study on what's really nice and pretty in town. And then if they had gambling in Dallas or Houston or in Chicago, they would come to us. We would have an example just like Wynn, and -- listen, we got Macau because of Bellagio and Mirage. It was our track record, it was the things that we actually did not what we said that have made us the company we are. Actions speak louder than words than especially developers-speak. So that was my idea about the Urban Wynn. And then you ran smack dab into these freshman regulatory agencies and their unbelievable pre-occupation that maybe a gangster is going to get in or that. I had one investigator, I won't mention any details, that asked one of my outside directors for proof of the ownership of his car. For crying out loud, how ridiculous. And we had to pay for this crap by the hour. And another person wanted to ask a 56-year married person on my board, a person of extraordinary character and reputation, for proof of his marriage license. Well, deal fatigue sets in at this point and we say Urban Wynn is such a fetching idea and makes sense on the domestic side of Wynn Las Vegas. See, we take Wynn Las Vegas as a company that's under-leveraged with $3 billion of equity in it, and we say we could change the name of Wynn Las Vegas to Wynn America and build Boston and Philadelphia as part of Wynn Las Vegas, of Wynn America and have a new domestic company called Wynn America and that would be a model for us to go to other cities and grow in the future, not as a regional casino but as metropolitan hotel casinos in cities as I've mentioned before. So Steve, that was the idea that got us into this. And sometimes, when you're faced with an alligator and you're up to your neck in them, you say I came here to drain the swamp. What happened? So we're trying to figure things out, but that was the thinking that was behind it. At the same time, our opportunities in Asia expand rapidly and beautifully, and we're well-received there, we love being there. And for all intents and purposes, Asia is going to grow in South Korea, Japan. And our hotel in Cotai is going to be so preemptive, the Wynn Palace, its called. Wynn Palace in Cotai is going to be the most photographed casino structure in the world when it comes into focus in a few months. And I think that's going to serve as an example of what we do when we put our best game forward. So these are all things we're trying to sort out, maybe that's more information than you wanted. But that was my thinking as we went forward with Urban Wynn, and it is my thinking at the moment barring any changes.
Steven E. Kent - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And I think, Steve, that's why so many of us are asking these questions because things are, by the way, went so well the past few quarters, the past few years, so that's why I think the focus is on this. By the way as a -- just can you answer that question I mentioned earlier about -- the press release says first half of 2016. I know maybe we're splitting hairs here, but you suggested Chinese New Year?
Stephen A. Wynn: Well, we got this big bonus with Leighton that's built into our price if they make Chinese New Year. And when I stood on the property Monday morning, I got there at 6:30 in the morning before the workers showed up, and Mike Harvey whose on the call with me, says he's going to make it. And Mike built the first 2 hotels over there, Wynn and Encore for Leighton, and now is running our job for us. We paid a fortune to get this brilliant construction guy. Mike, are going to make New Year's.
Mike Harvey: Yes, sir. We'll make it.
Stephen A. Wynn: There's that Aussie. And so we'll make Chinese New Year. But of course we have a lot of water to swim. We got a channel to cross before we get there. But we're feeling good about it, Steve.
Operator: Your next question is from Harry Curtis with Nomura.
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: I'm not going to ask you about the impact of Obamacare on your labor situation, but boy, I'd love to. Lets go back to Asia, so Wynn Palace -- now, Wynn Macau , it looks like there's some table shifting between VIP over to mass. I'm just wondering, can you talk a little bit about how you're designing the building for the target customer is. Are you changing your target customer to account for more premium mass? And are you -- are there any scope changes that are being made as a result of that? And then the follow-on is, you had mentioned Phase 2 for Cotai. Maybe we call it Wynn Annex, it's a beautiful name?
Stephen A. Wynn: No, no. You call it Wynn Diamond.
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Okay. And my question there is, can you just talk about how much incremental acreage is going to be left over that you can develop on, and will it essentially be kind of non-gaming oriented?
Stephen A. Wynn: Well, first of all, we are constantly adjusting our tables, general versus junket, versus our program to mass premium, the diamond club. As customer patterns shift, we stayed very loose and we're constantly re-evaluating the floor. We are also adding 2 major junket areas in the Wynn Macau facility on the Southwest corner, and they're quite special. They're going be very fancy and they'll be done for Chinese New Year next year, I'm sure. No, we are not changing our focus at Wynn Palace. It has 7 different types of rooms that cover a full range of every conceivable level of luxury, the smallest room in hotel is 720 feet -- square feet, but most of them are 900 square feet up to thousands of square feet. Nothing that we've done is like Wynn Palace. And its $4 billion has been value engineered. We have no more scope changes, the drawings are finished, the building is underway. And we'll cater to all sectors of the market. There were -- in our Phase 2 we have property that is going to be primarily massive non-casino, but some casino development. Wynn Diamond will include the Wynn Diamond Coliseum of 15,000 seats. It will include an all-suite Wynn Diamond Hotel that will be directly related -- 1,300 square foot suite at the premium mass market and above. And it will have features and entertainment and restaurants unlike anything we've done before. So it will have an enormous amount of -- the entertainment quotient is going to go sky high, especially with the coliseum and the related spaces. We'll be giving more information about the Diamond coliseum and the Diamond Tower as we go along. But it's not quite time for that yet. But when we're done with the Diamond Coliseum and Wynn Diamond, there is no more real estate left after Phase 2, we'll have completed developed Cotai.
Operator: Your next question is from Thomas Allen with Morgan Stanley.
Thomas Allen - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Following up on the earlier comments about when you -- so you entered into the online gaming space through a partnership with 888 and you applied for a New Jersey online license. How do you think about that opportunity and how Wynn fits in? Also just conceptualizing around the context of your comments around regional gaming versus Urban Wynn.
Stephen A. Wynn: Well, the Internet gaming, and our first really big-time crack at that is going to be in New Jersey. The regulations have been promulgated tentatively. I don't think the last chapter has been written on how the State of New Jersey intends to do that. We are following an issue, you can imagine, responsibly and closely because we want our shareholders to benefit from digital gaming in one form or another if it's to become a factor that's powerful. But we have to take one step at a time, you know it's illegal in America except in Nevada and in New Jersey. New Jersey is going to be a very interesting case because it's gaming across the board. It's tables and slots and all that stuff. And so, we're putting -- we've got our toe in the water, we're going to go at this. I think, we're also going to consider the possibility of social gaming for -- virtual gaming, because its probably time for us to take care of all that at once and Matt may want to comment on this.
Matthew O. Maddox: No, again this is just -- we are entering the market, as Steve said, with our toe in the water to make sure that we learn as this rolls out or does not rollout. It's clearly not a big piece of the Wynn strategy. As Steve pointed out, we're an Asian company. But we're making sure that we're paying attention and getting smart.
Stephen A. Wynn: And we also got to make sure that if we do it, we protect our brand. We just can't limp in like another screen. We got to be special. That's a challenge.
Thomas Allen - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: And then just on Macau quickly, you had a very strong quarter. I think margins were a bit higher than I think what we expected and other people expected. Were there any onetime things in there? Or was the whole difference in direct versus junket, VIP?
Matthew O. Maddox: Yes, there were no real onetime issues this month. We did hold a little higher in direct than our life-to-date average. So it's probably in the neighborhood of $2 billion.
Thomas Allen - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Did that adjust...
Stephen A. Wynn: We had a good quarter. All of Macau is cooking, as you know, and we always manage to get our share. We have a very loyal clientele. We deal to the top end of the market and people stick with us, because we're so consistent in our standards. Consistency is a wonderful word whether you're in private life, in business, even if you're a regulator. Consistency is very important. Predictability, reliability -- look companies behave in the future as they have in the past. The greatest -- the greatest way to evaluate anybody is to look at their history, especially one that's as established as ours. A lot of us have been together for 30 or more years. There are no surprises in our stack. We're a pretty pat quantity. So whether you're looking at us as an investor or if you're looking at us as a regulator, there aren't any surprises in the Wynn stack. We're sort of a one-trick pony. We do resort hotels that have gaming in them. Period. And we do it a certain way, as you guys know, with a heavy, heavy emphasis on human resources, and hopefully good taste in terms of our physical facilities. And that's really a full-time job right there. There are no other tricks to it. That's why we had a good quarter. And why we'll have a good quarter next time, too.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robin Farley with UBS.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Two questions. One is, are you likely to partner in Japan or have desire to partner in Japan? And have you had conversations along those lines? And then secondly, just to clarify, when you and Matt were both talking about what the benefit to EBITDA in Macau of high hold, you guys were talking at the same time and the number didn't actually come through. I think you gave a number though?
Stephen A. Wynn: Matt said it might have been $10 million or $15 million.
Matthew O. Maddox: Correct.
Stephen A. Wynn: About Japan, Robin, we've been approached by some very prominent, major institutions in Japan who've come and looked at our hotel. The real intelligent thing for people interested is to come and look at what we do, look at our neighbors, look at all these companies. Are we all the same? Hell, no. Look at what we are, look at what we've done, that tells you what we will be if you partner with us or if you're picking us. Dont pay any attention to what people say. Pay attention to what they do. And so people come from Japan, companies, we haven't publicized it, we don't talk about it, because its too soon. But we are very keen on Japan, and is it the right thing to be in a partnership with a Japanese company? Maybe, but it's a little too soon to tell. We first of all would like to know what the rules and regulations are so we can assess the business opportunity. We'll get to have continuing conversations with the folks that have approached us, who are very special indeed, we jettisoned Mr. Okada and he'll stay jettisoned, and we'll see what happens in Japan and South Korea and Taiwan, et cetera.
Operator: Your next question, you have a follow-up from the line of Felicia Hendrix with Barclays.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Steve, can you just talk about your food and beverage revenues in Vegas? We -- they declined in the quarter, we haven't seen that in the past. And I'm just wondering what the competitive environment might look like there in the kind of club entertainment area?
Stephen A. Wynn: You just put your finger on it. You hit it bull's eye. They opened a place down the street called Hakkasan. And they opened a place over at Mandalay Bay called Daylight or something else. Cirque du Soleil's involved. So the clubs proliferated and when they're proliferated, these guys start paying 80 gazillion dollars to the DJs in sort of a frantic effort to capture the business. It's like a lot of things that happen in the casino business. Everybody goes crazy for the top line, and they forget about the bottom line. We like the Nightclub business, as you know, and we've sort of led the parade. I think we still do in terms of profitability, but we turned our back on some of the more outrageous disc jockey fees, wonderful guys they are. And they're friends of ours and they work for us for a third or a quarter of what they work for now. So we go find new guys. And we find and keep the ones that are really perfect for us. We protect our bottom line but we gave up a little bit of top line because it wasn't profitable. And so you see that reflected in some of the booze numbers from the nightclubs. And so what else is new, right? It's the same thing as when the less-experienced casino companies start trying to bribe customers with credit to get them to come, they try and buy the business. Those executives come and go and after they screw up the place, they fire that guy and they get a new guy. And then they settle down. Look, there is a certain amount of money you can pay a disc jockey and have a business, there is certain amount of money that you can give in comps and promotional allowances to a customer and still have a business. I hate to say it, those numbers are inexorable. They're undeniable and they live. Now there is any number of idiots that will try and pretend that there is no gravity, that there is no Monday morning. And that's going on in the nightclub scene here at the moment. They'll get over it. We're still having the best year we ever had.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of with Amit Kapoor with Gabelli & Company.
Amitabh Kapoor - Gabelli & Company, Inc.: Can you share your perspective on how the Japanese landscape looks different this time around? Is the regulatory process, does it have legs and momentum enough to carry? And does the selection of Tokyo as an Olympic destination sort of help the prospects of gaming this time in Japan?
Stephen A. Wynn: We haven't selected Tokyo at all. And no, I can't shed any more light on it. The situation is still undefined. End of answer.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Grant Govertsen with Union Gaming Macau.
Grant Govertsen - Union Gaming Research Macau Limited: In the third quarter, obviously, VIP volumes were up nicely. I think premium or high-end mass is probably up similarly. But given that there are a lot of moving parts, could you give us a sense for, I guess, the importance of the amount of rooms that you've already refurbished on this uptick in volume? It seems that, going forward, that's sort of a meaningful impact in 2014 and beyond.
Stephen A. Wynn: I am not sure I understood the question.
Matthew O. Maddox: I think he's talking about our room remodel we finished in December. So we had 7% of our rooms out of service this quarter.
Stephen A. Wynn: Oh yes, we had rooms out. We're having a great quarter, but we had some of our rooms out of service. The remodel will be done in few weeks, and everybody loves the new rooms. We have upgraded them as we did in Las Vegas. And we do that every 5 or 6 years. If you do the math, you got to put away about -- in Las Vegas, about $17 for every occupied room night if you want to refurbish every 5 or 6 years. And to keep the place beautiful and spotless and all that. So we do it in China, we do it in Las Vegas. We run our business the same no matter what country we're in.
Grant Govertsen - Union Gaming Research Macau Limited: I'll restate it. My question was, are you seeing a difference in customers coming because of the room refresh? Perhaps an uptick in volume immediately due to that or is that too early?
Stephen A. Wynn: No. We dont, we didn't expect any new customers. We expected our same customers and our normal rate of growth. There's always some new customers. We didn't think the remodel itself would change the landscape dramatically. We just reinforce our dedication to excellence. But we didn't do it with the idea that it would be a game changer. And I think that would be expecting too much.
Operator: I'd now like to turn the call back over to Steve for any closing remarks.
Stephen A. Wynn: No, I just have been -- I'm thrilled with the fact that the timing has been excellent for people like ourselves who are expanding and borrowing money. So far, we are expanding and borrowing money in Asia. I wish -- or let me put it this way, I hope that as we go forward, that the atmosphere, the opportunities in the United States of America will come back down to levels of predictability, cooperation, and respect that should be shown to companies like ourselves, who are willing to risk great capital that have long, long respectable track records that we'll have opportunities to make intelligent investments in our own country that -- and create jobs in our own country that as good as the ones that we find abroad. Sadly that is not necessarily the case during this phone call in October of 2013. And I think that we ought to take a real careful look at ourselves, whoever we are, and ask that question, "Do we really want to encourage job creation? Do we really want to welcome investment and risk-taking by companies like Wynn, like Sands, like Apollo and Texas Pacific? Do we really want that? Or are we so preoccupied with foolish distraction and misdirected priorities that we kill that wonderful energy, that makes a better life for people?" Because in the history of the world, the only thing that's ever created a better standard of living for the population has been the demand for their labor, the creation of jobs. And unless you're talking about Obamacare and the IRS, the government doesnt create the jobs. The government is supposed to create state and local governments and the federal government's is supposed to create the environment in which those jobs can be created. God knows guys like us, our crew here at Wynn, we're dying to grow. We're dying to spread our wings and try new things, but damned if we're going to do it in the face of adversity from Washington, D.C. or any other capital. Why should we? Life's too short. That's it for this time. Speak to you in 90 days.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's call. And you may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-07-29 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Matthew O. Maddox - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Treasurer Stephen A. Wynn - Founder, Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, Member of Executive Committee, Chairman of Wynn Macau Limited, Chief Executive Officer of Wynn Macau Limited and President of Wynn Macau Limited Robert Gansmo - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Ian Michael Coughlan - President of Wynn Macau Linda Chen - President of Wynn International Marketing, Ltd
Analysts: Joseph Greff - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Thomas Allen - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Cameron Philip Sean McKnight - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Wynn Resorts Second Quarter 2013 Earnings Call. Joining the call on behalf of the company today are Steve Wynn; John Strzemp; Matt Maddox; Kim Sinatra; Gamal Aziz; Maurice Wooden; Scott Peterson; Ian Coughlan, President of Wynn Macau; and Robert Gansmo, CFO of Wynn Macau. [Operator Instructions] Now I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Maddox. Please go ahead, sir.
Matthew O. Maddox: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Before we get started, I just need to remind everybody that we will be making forward-looking statements under the Safe Harbor of federal securities law, and those statements may or may not come through. So with that, I'm going to turn it over to Steve, who is actually in Macau right now, to kick off the call.
Stephen A. Wynn: Yes. Just came in and it's 8:30 at night here and 12 hours earlier than Las -- actually later than Las -- than New York. And we reprogramming some of our fountains with Kenny Ortega and the group. That was a lot of fun. Today has been a really good day for us. We signed our contract with -- the final contract with a guaranteed maximum price with Leighton. And that fixed 2 things: our guaranteed maximum price, and we know the cost of the project now is $4 billion, maybe a little less, but no more than $4 billion; and we know the completion date is -- we have an early completion date of January '16, so we make Chinese New Year in 2016. And if they miss the early date, which they don't think they will, it's April '16, not '17. So we're well underway. Our foundations are coming up on the last few months of all of the pilings and caissons and stuff that had to go so deeply into the earth to support the new building. But it was 2.5 years in design. It's by far the most aggressive, ambitious and lovely project that I've ever been involved in my 47 years. And I think that it's going to be a great addition to Macau. I think it's going to further enhance the growing strength of the Cotai area. And so that's been very good news for all of us, and the earnings are -- I'm happy with it. For the year, I tend to look at things on a broader brushstroke perhaps than some of you will in your questions. But between Las Vegas and Macau, we're about $100 million ahead of where we were this time last year, and that's pretty good when we're pushing $1.6 billion last year. We're tracking towards a healthy gross for the year. In Macau, we did $292 million, and last year was $302 million. But last year, we had a $21 million unique onetime-only credit adjustment, in which we credited ourselves $21 million. If we compare apples to apples, we'd be a little ahead this year. Many of you ask questions about mass marketing and VIP trending. We're basically up in the non-casino revenue. We're a little behind in slots, not in coin in, but in a whole percentage. And the mass market sequentially was behind the second quarter to the first, but it's been a bouncing ball with us because we're 22% ahead in July, with 3 days to go, in mass marketing, so we're very happy. Our run rate, we were able to get more efficient. Our run rate of operating this place is a little less than it was last year. We have about 10% at current levels, between 10% and 11% of the revenue in this 30-odd casino market. But we do have 1/6, or 16% of the profits. And that's the most important thing we're concerned about, is the bottom line. So without further ado, Ian is here. I'm with my colleagues in Macau this week, and we're all on hand early in the morning in Las Vegas to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Joseph Greff of JP Morgan.
Joseph Greff - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Steve, we also have a broad brush question here. The Macau media of late has been reporting on the government potentially looking at concessions, sub-concession renewal discussions starting perhaps as early as 2015. Can you talk about your expectations or views on what, if any, changes they may be looking to place around the renewals? And I'll leave it as broad as that.
Stephen A. Wynn: Well, I was, in fact, in such conversations today, and I feel very comfortable being in Macau. I think I certainly don't have anything to do with the specifics of the government's final decision. But I know that the matters to be addressed in '15, and speaking for myself after 12 years in Macau, I feel sanguine and comfortable about being here and plan on being here a lot longer. I think that probably answers your questions.
Joseph Greff - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And then and maybe this is for you, Matt. The margins in Macau were about 210 bps below what we were looking for. Volumes are basically right in line. Were there any adverse mix shifts in VIP between direct and junket or maybe even a mass between premium versus non-premium assets that would account [ph] for some of that?
Matthew O. Maddox: Yes, Joe, that's exactly right. We held less than 2% in our direct program. And as you know, in the direct program, the margins are higher. So while our overall junket, all those 2.94% we held high on the junket space and really, low in our direct, and that was the reason.
Joseph Greff - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And was there anything weird on the mass side overall?
Matthew O. Maddox: No, only in June. So that number that everyone was focused on, there was some hold issues in June in both slots and mass tables. But overall, it was pretty normal.
Stephen A. Wynn: That's been corrected -- I mean, it's corrected itself in July.
Joseph Greff - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Got it. And that 22% number, Steve, that you mentioned, that's a sequential number? Or is it a year-over-year number?
Matthew O. Maddox: That's year-over-year, but it's up sequentially, too, in double digit.
Stephen A. Wynn: Robert Gansmo is here. What does the sequential look like?
Robert Gansmo: Sequential, it's up about 13%.
Stephen A. Wynn: It was 13%, Joe.
Robert Gansmo: Or I'm sorry, it's 20 -- 22% up year-over-year, and we're -- our run rate is probably about flat with Q1, which is our best mass gaming quarter and up 13% over Q2.
Stephen A. Wynn: Right.
Joseph Greff - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Great. And my last question, Matt, of the $2.5 billion of cash and investments, how much of that is Macau related?
Matthew O. Maddox: Half. It's right at half between the -- in the Asian subsidiary.
Stephen A. Wynn: Incidentally, I forgot to add, we had another nice quarter in Las Vegas at $130 million. Just thought I'd mention it.
Operator: Your next question comes from Felicia Hendrix of Barclays.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Steve, since you mentioned Vegas, I'll ask. The margins were actually much better than we were looking for. I was wondering if you could discuss some of the initiatives you might be taking on the cost side there?
Stephen A. Wynn: Well, you know what happens. Because of our sort of a premium niche that we have here in Macau and that customer base makes its way to our place in Las Vegas. And the same thing is true in Brazil, Chile, Colombia and Mexico. Last year, we won about $600 million at the tables and another $170 million, $177 million in slot machines. 52% of that is Asian, 24% is Latin, 24% is domestic. And in slot machines, I'd say $25 million or $30 million of the $170 million is international. So we -- our brand, because of the market segment we cater to, tends to benefit from the international market. And these emerging markets, a lot of people are enjoying success outside the United States, and they make their way to Las Vegas. And I think that we're one of the first choices for that kind of visitation, and we cater to that business aggressively. That would be my comment. It does introduce volatility to our business, but we've got so much of it. We can afford to deal high because at any given moment, we have a handful of people playing $100,000 or $200,000 a card in games. So we're benefiting from that. I think that's probably the most relevant answer I can give as to our margins. International, we're not dependent upon the United States primarily, but from outside.
Matthew O. Maddox: And Felicia, as you'll notice in the press release, we talked about the $12.2 million credit in the quarter as we, every June, do a historical analysis of our collections in Las Vegas.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Yes. And Ian, in Macau, you guys talked a bit about it, and it was very helpful. I think Steve mentioned about what's going on in the mass side. Obviously, everybody there is now trying to go after the premium mass customers so I was just wondering if you could talk about how competitive that environment is. And obviously, people are sampling new products. As you talk to some of your customers who might be sampling, what are they saying? And are they eventually coming back to you guys?
Ian Michael Coughlan: The mass market high-limit side is hypercompetitive. It remains hypercompetitive, and we've just been focusing on taking care of our customers, delivering high-quality service and try not to get into the heavy discounting promotional battle that's in the marketplace. A number of our competitors have corrected mistakes they've made in the past. They've also built new facilities, and they're ramping up their business. We are maintaining a very nice quality level of business. We opened Encore, and it was a success from the first day we opened. It continues to be the mass market high-limit area in the marketplace that our customers are very satisfied. People do shop around. People will move for discounting. But players always gravitate back to quality and service consistency, as we're that in Macau, and that's what we've been focusing on.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And just quickly, Ian, do you expect any construction disruption from the hotel renovation?
Ian Michael Coughlan: There's mild disruption, and we're not doing heavy renovation. We're refurbishing our guest rooms. We're doing all 600 keys in our Wynn tower, and we're just over 7 years old. They've been incredibly well received. We've taken the pallette from Wynn Las Vegas tower suites and rooms. And so far, the reactions have been excellent. We've done 5 floors so far. We'll be finished by late November. So very little disruption. We have 100 keys left to sell. We think that there might be mild impact from that on the gaming side, but overall, it's been very well received and very few complaints.
Stephen A. Wynn: But we are out of order with the portion of our ...
Ian Michael Coughlan: 100 rooms, approximately.
Stephen A. Wynn: Yes, about 1/6 of our rooms. So we're operating a little bit of a deficit, especially since we have such a high utilization of our rooms by VIP customers. It's very, very difficult for us to sell rooms for straight cash here because we have such a large component of high rollers and bigger players that justify complementary services. We have only a 1,000 rooms here, and they are used all the time, all the time.
Operator: Your next question comes from Carlo Santarelli of Deutsche Bank.
Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Steve, now that you mentioned, obviously, having the guaranteed maximum price in place for Cotai and having a better sense of the timeline of that project, as well as maybe a clearer sense of what's going on in some of the domestic projects you guys are currently in the process of. How are you thinking about capital allocation here throughout the rest of the year 2014 as you're cognizant of the spend required for the other initiatives?
Stephen A. Wynn: It's a perfect Matt Maddox question. Matt will be the main guy to answer it.
Matthew O. Maddox: Carlo, as you know, on capital allocation, we have -- we put in $1 a share dividend per quarter to provide investors with stability as we go through this growth phase. As we -- as new projects come onboard, we plan on always keeping that $1. If there's excess cash flow available at the end of the year, then the board will decide what they want to do with it. Wynn -- just so you know, on Cotai, we just are about to sign an additional $200 million accordion on our bank facility at LIBOR plus 175. So Cotai's pretty much fully financed, and future projects are really just speculative right now. And we -- again, we have that $3.5 [ph] billion
Stephen A. Wynn: At under 2.5, 2.5 or less.
Matthew O. Maddox: That's correct.
Matthew O. Maddox: Matt did a wonderful job.
Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And just an update for Philadelphia and Boston.
Stephen A. Wynn: Nice to be investment-grade. Philadelphia and Boston, well, we're hard at it, as you know. 5 or 6 applicants in Philadelphia for that remaining license. There'll be shenanigans, I'm sure. Someone told me that the SugarHouse people wanted to say that the State of Pennsylvania doesn't have the right to issue a license that they took back previously. Sort of a ludicrous, preposterous thing. But those guys, if they think that we're going to win, they don't want to see us there until the last possible minute, and I don't blame them. If -- when you see some of these facilities, they're boxes of slot machines. They don't have really any tremendous magnetism to sort of cater to the locals. In Massachusetts, we got through our host agreement nicely, made a guaranteed payment to the people at Everett that helps them enormously, plus a lot of other improvements we're doing to make the area pretty and give it a good invitation to people to visit. And then, we had our host community required vote, and we've got 80 -- almost 87% of the people who were enthusiastically in support of us. We're waiting for the State of Massachusetts to finish its suitability investigations on the various applicants in Springfield and Boston. And then, of course, the folks at Suffolk Downs, for example, one of the applicants from Boston, they have to finish their host agreement and then have a vote in their communities, whatever those communities are. And so we have to wait on them to find out what's going to happen, which will probably be after the first of the year, and maybe sooner in Pennsylvania. But that's not a schedule we control. But we have designed facilities that we think will be profitable and give us a tremendous return on equity. We sit with a lot of cash, and in today's world, we can't make very much money on our cash. But when we deploy it in our own business, then it's another story. I think I may have said this in a previous call, but we see $900 million in Pennsylvania, with a $300 million or $400 million equity investment that we can make $150 million or $175 million on. We see Boston at $500 million or $550 million. We think we can make $300 million on that equity. And we think we can borrow a conservative amount of money at favorable rates to make up the balance of projects in the form of mortgage financing. So it's a way to pick up $400 million, $500 million with our new concept of Urban Wynn. Now this idea of Urban Wynn, which is being suggested to the authorities in Pennsylvania and Boston, it's worth repeating, if I didn't say it before. The era of the grand hotel is gone. The day of the Waldorf Astoria, the Plaza Hotel, the place that people go to stay and visit, that isn't happening anymore because of the cost of rooms, of construction and the Internet, hotels.com, kind of pressure on pricing. So what you get is stores on the ground floor and then some office floors, and then some hotel floors and then some condo floors. Mixed-use buildings that are places to stay, but they're not places to visit. When the government of Pennsylvania or Massachusetts decide, however, that they're going to put the casinos at the city, now we have a horse of an entirely different color. And where we have stood off from racinos and riverboats, it's not our thing. We build hotels that people like to come and stay to -- stay at. We specialize in high-class service and big rooms, fancy bathrooms and great restaurants and good food and all that jazz. You notice all that's non-casino talk. A slot machine, a blackjack table has 0 power. They're commodities. They're the same everywhere in the world, in a dumpy little box of slots or in a fancy place like a Highline Casino. It's the non-casino things that drive the business. So now, with these new laws in these states that allow metropolitan casinos like Boston, for example, Philadelphia, we can build a beautiful hotel with an atrium lobby, with restaurants that have indoor, outdoor experiences, shops, a wonderful spa, meeting rooms that have gardens outside and then down the hall, completely set -- and a room, that's 800-or-more square feet, with 175- or 80-square-foot bathroom, separate shower, separate tub, water closet with a bidet and john, 2 sinks, makeup area for the lady, integrated closets. We can do all that in big rooms that have sitting areas and large screen televisions that does not exist in New York, London or Boston or Philadelphia at the moment. But we can build what I call the grand hotel, and then, if you're a person that wants to gamble, go down the hall. Families can enjoy everything I just mentioned without ever seeing a slot machine or a blackjack table. But if you go down the hall, as if you were going to ballroom, in the convention area, you go through double doors, adults only and there is a casino with Starbucks and a deli and a food court and noodle kitchen and bars and a sports bar and all that other razzmatazz that makes a casino exciting. And they'll have separate access for parking that's covered and heated so the people can drive their car right to their favorite slot machine. That is an urban casino, and I think that we're going to see more cities open their doors and invite the kind of projects that Massachusetts and Philadelphia are encouraging. And I want to have 1 or 2 right away so that I can demonstrate the model for this kind of project just the way Mirage and Bellagio, sort of set the stage for destination resorts of a modern era in Las Vegas. So I'm interested in this, and Matt and Gamal and all the rest of us and Kim, we've been at it, working on this. Now we don't know whether we'll win or not, but we sure as heck will put our best foot forward.
Operator: Your next question comes from Thomas Allen of Morgan Stanley.
Thomas Allen - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Just 2 on Macau. What's the latest on the high-end slot initiative you've been talking about the past few quarters? And then it seems like some of your Macau competitors have been more aggressive at pushing table minimums than you have been. Do you think that's fair to say? And is that potential opportunity for you?
Stephen A. Wynn: If they've been more aggressive in pushing table minimums than we have, then you've just told me something I didn't know. Linda, do you want to respond to that?
Linda Chen: [indiscernible]?
Stephen A. Wynn: Table maximums or minimums, what did you mean, sir?
Thomas Allen - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Table minimums.
Stephen A. Wynn: What did you mean exactly? Do you think that other casinos in Macau have upped their minimums more than we have?
Thomas Allen - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Yes. I mean, if that's not fair to say, then we're wrong. Or I misread it, but ...
Stephen A. Wynn: We don't know that. But hell, with the kind of the customer base we've got, we've got as many high limit, high-minimum tables as anybody. And mostly joints in Cotai are dealing to mass market. In the VIP area, we're right there.
Matthew O. Maddox: I think what you also see is that basic -- we have an average bet that significantly exceeds the minimums anyway, so I'm not sure that raising the minimums actually has much impact.
Stephen A. Wynn: We never would have focused on that if you hadn't asked us the question.
Linda Chen: Table minimums are very -- actually we change our minimums...
Stephen A. Wynn: . Constantly.
Linda Chen: [indiscernible] day-to-day, yes.
Stephen A. Wynn: And we're -- Linda just said, I don't think you hear. We're on this phone in the -- that we change these minimums by the hours each day, but it's not an item that's relevant to us, and I don't think that particular thing should be relevant to you. How we manage minimums is an asterisk in this game. It's how many people are betting the maximum. I'll try to be helpful. I'm sorry.
Thomas Allen - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: No, no, no. It is helpful. That is helpful. And then just on the slot initiative?
Stephen A. Wynn: Well, you want to answer that?
Ian Michael Coughlan: We opened a newly renovated high-limit slots area. We also extended the facility. It's been very, very well received. Clearly, our competitors, we all learn from each other. We got ahead of other people, they got slightly ahead of us, we're back ahead of them again. So we're very happy with how it turned out. Our customers have been very happy with it. So next time you're in town, we'd be happy to show you.
Stephen A. Wynn: But we just don't throw money at it. This chasing the top line is a fruitless exercise unless it results in the bottom line. And so I want to repeat, we may have 10% or 11% of the top line volume because of all the new hotels that have opened, but we have 1/6, 16% of all the profits at these 32 casinos here -- or 33, and that's the number that I'm really focused on, the bottom line. And we watch everybody. We'll see all the earnings at the end of the second quarter. We heard Sands say they had a -- they did a wonderful job. I don't know how Caesar's and Melco did yet. We'll find out soon enough. But we're perking along at $100 million a month, maybe a little better.
Thomas Allen - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Just on Vegas, the view that there may be a recovery in Vegas. How do you feel about that? And then your non-gaming appears to do very well. Should we take that to imply that you're not getting any impact from all the new F&B in the market?
Stephen A. Wynn: Look, as I've said before, we think the drivers are non-casino into the business, not the casino. We think the casino is a result, not a cause. And so we're really assiduous in complying ourselves to that, and our nightclubs weren't just about who the best disc jockey was for the moment because that's a very changing scene. Our nightclubs and that food and beverage revenue that we're so proud of, that you're noting, is a result of years of planning before we -- and we were 2.5 years before we broke ground on Cotai, working every week. Las Vegas is the same thing. Those nightclubs, they're more than just great big boxes of places to put tables and prop up a DJ. They're environments, and those environments have an emotional effect on the people that come to us, and we design to emotion. And then, when the competition decides to challenge us by paying a disc jockey more money or -- for example, which is a popular idea these days, and take a disc jockey from $200,000 to $400,000 a night, it doesn't have the effect that you would imagine. Our customers stick to us with loyalty not because of any other reason except that we offer a better environment for them. At the end of the day, when you're recreating, when you're out playing at night, when you're going to a nightclub, it's where -- it's the environments you're in that matters. So I think our food and beverage numbers are reflecting the fact that we can withstand a competitor challenge in Las Vegas, and we have -- as you know, you can compare us to anybody on the Strip. Even my own places, my own older places, practice hotels like Bellagio and Mirage, we hold our own against bigger hotels even, more rooms like MGM. We hold our own. And they throw plenty of money in the customers, boy, but we bank on other things that are more enduring I think is the way to say it.
Thomas Allen - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: And any view on if there's a recovery in Vegas underway?
Stephen A. Wynn: I've always been sort of neutral about using the word recovery. I think that Las Vegas is doing better than it did last year, but the extra capacity that came on during the recession was poorly timed. Some of it was Encore and Wynn, city center. We all could have picked a better time to build those buildings, so I'm including myself in that group. But it is what it is. The amount of money that's lost in Las Vegas in the last 4 years in terms of abandoned projects and markdown values from Frontier and the Stardust property to Fontainebleau and Cosmopolitan city center and places like that has been astronomical. I don't even like to think what the number is, but Las Vegas is perking along because of its tremendous choices that are available to people of every income level. The infrastructure in Las Vegas is almost impossible to duplicate, and that's the reason why it survives California, Indian gaming and all these other jurisdictions. It doesn't get any easier, but Las Vegas is managing to hold its head up. And if we had a real recovery in the United States and I don't think we are having a real recovery in the United States, I think we're having a limp-wristed sort of crawl out of a hole. But recovery is a more robust word, and I don't see it in the country as clearly as the politicians do, who are trying to sell up to the people. I think most of it is baloney. I think real inflation is way north of 10% [ph] . Everybody's dollar is going down, buying power and living standards going backwards for my working people of America, and that's taking a toll on what you would call a recovery. So I don't see it so...
Operator: Your next question comes from Cameron McKnight of Wells Fargo.
Cameron Philip Sean McKnight - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: A question first for Steve and/or Linda. Could you offer some thoughts on the macro outlook in China? We've seen a lot of ambiguous macro data recently. And specifically, some data that we see and collect indicates that sentiment amongst high-end Chinese consumers remains very strong. Just wondering if you can talk to that and some of what you're seeing in your business specifically.
Linda Chen: Well, obviously everyone's aware of the liquidity issue in China. We're pretty cautious of how we handle our credit and collection. So we really haven't felt any effect on our business or economy area.
Stephen A. Wynn: Our customers are not pessimistic, but Linda is careful about the credit. We always are, as you know, hearing that from us for years now. It's been 47 years I've been in business, we've never had an adjustment to our reserve, all these 47 years [ph] .
Cameron Philip Sean McKnight - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Great. And then just as a follow-up, we've seen some of the visitation growth pick up over last couple of months, and specifically in the data, we're seeing northern Chinese visitation pick up. Are you seeing some of that reflected in your customer mix?
Linda Chen: In general, yes. We actually see a pickup across -- besides north and also through the Guangdong province area. So both sides are picking up.
Ian Michael Coughlan: You don't always see a natural reflection on the breakout of visitor arrivals into the city and the people that are staying directly in the casinos. So day tripping activity has reduced and moved away from Guangdong, and there are more overnight stayers with all the extra rooms in Cotai. There are people coming and staying 1 or 2 nights, and they're coming from further afield. The high-speed train network is certainly helping, and the increase in the individual visitor scheme is also benefiting, so we are getting people -- more people coming and staying longer.
Stephen A. Wynn: The plan that the government of Macau implemented in 2002 to change this place and make it destination city rather than a day trip city, that plan, that goal, which led to the expansion of the concessions is by and large taking foot and is thriving. The construction of the fabulous hotels in Cotai is causing people to come and stay overnight. Macau is becoming a destination resort, not just the Baccarat game, but neighborhood Baccarat game. It's happening as they planned. As -- it was a very articulated program that led to the 2 new concessions that Galaxy and my company received and which supported the expansion of the 3 sub-concessions of MGM and Melco and the Sands. And it's all happening thanks to Sheldon Adelson, thanks to Jamie Packer and Lawrence Ho, thanks to the Lui family. Francis has done a great job with Galaxy. These are smart guys, and they're doing really nice places, beautiful and big rooms, lots of choices. This place is getting very powerful, and it's supporting, on an ever-increasing basis, still a good growth rate. I can't wait until this 28 or 29 months goes by so that we can get open in Cotai because we're going to toot our horn when that time comes. And we've taken into account these guys and what they've done, these competitors of ours. Man, it's put us on our game. You don't take anything lightly in -- competitively in Macau. These are smart people and they've got money and they know how to deploy that capital. So there's a lot of choices, fun things to do here, and it's the first time that any city has ever, ever begun to offer the choice that Las Vegas, Nevada, U.S.A. has offered. Thank god they're 6,300 nautical miles away, so there's room for both of us. And I'm happy to be in both markets, but -- and it's just great. But Cotai is causing this town to change. This is not Atlantic City in the sense that it's a local market. This has now become a place where people travel to. Stays are getting longer.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from Harry Curtis of Nomura.
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Two quick questions. First, what will be your annual cash contributions to the project in Cotai? And then, secondly, Steve, if you could talk to the special features that Cotai will have that should lift its ROIC comparable to what you're doing on The Peninsula?
Stephen A. Wynn: Matt, you want to answer the capital contribution one?
Matthew O. Maddox: Sure. Harry, just for some CapEx history, so we've spent about $300 million to date. I would expect us to spend another $300 million for the rest of this year, likely $1 billion in 2014 and then the vast majority of the rest of the spend in '15, leaking over into the beginning of '16. We'll probably utilize between 30% and 40% of our free cash flow when you look at our model, and we currently have $2.5 billion of debt with -- over $1 billion of cash on hand and $1.5 billion revolver undrawn right now. So that's basically how we'll shake out. And then one last thing I want to point out, a lot of people quote various numbers for construction costs for projects in Cotai. Our $4 billion is all in. If you look at hard costs, plus owner supplies, plus FF&E, what a lot of people like to quote, the thing that hits the cash flow, that's $3.5 billion. The remaining $500 million, preopening expenses, our land lease payments through 2016 and capitalized interest.
Stephen A. Wynn: All of that money gets paid after we open, too.
Matthew O. Maddox: That's right.
Stephen A. Wynn: So Harry, does that take care of that part of your question? And I'll get to the features. Right, Harry, did you get -- did Matt deal with that satisfactorily? So now about the features. We are famous or well known or earned our bones anyway by having the public entertained. It started with a volcano at the Mirage. [Technical Difficulty] Anyway, then we had the pirate show, the pirate ships that sink, then we had dancing waters, et cetera, et cetera. And then we get the tree of prosperity and fountains here in Cotai. Cotai is going to be, in one respect, if you're on the outside, reminiscent of the Bellagio. We've got an 8-acre lake that's strategically placed in front of the hotel, and we placed all of the high-end gaming on the water and the restaurants on the water. We filled the lake with new versions, new technology of water that dances in colors of lights. It's a very complex, expensive, very advanced water and light show, including fire. Then, from the street, in front of our property and surrounding the lake and going into the hotel is a Doppelmayr gondola that holds 8 people at a time, with several thousand hour capacity. And that gondola is equipped with music and air conditioning, and people get off the monorail, the light rail that stops, where -- the light rail that the country is building, starts at the ferry terminal, we're the first stop. It goes around 2 sides of our 52-acre site, the north side and then finally, the west side. And in the middle of the west side, approximately in the middle of the lake, on the street in front of the center line of the lake and the hotel, the light rail comes to an end and makes a stop, its first stop as it journeys through Cotai. And the name of the hotel is the Wynn Palace. Wynn Palace is the name of the hotel, and the light rail stops at the midpoint of our lake and bridges go the west, to City of Dreams, the Hyatt and MGM. And they go to the east to our sidewalk because we're opposite both MGM and the City of Dreams. Each of their site is approximately 1/2 of ours. And people load the gondola as they come down the escalator from the light rail, so they go around the lake, then they stop, they get off the light rail, the monorail, and they go into the gondola. They rise above and go around and through the lake and through the fountains and then get inserted into the building, into the retail promenade. At the north and south entrances of the hotel -- there are 3 major ways into the hotel besides the gondola. That's our attempt to capture the light rail traffic by making an irresistible kind of e-ride for them to experience. But there's a north, south and a bus entrance, 3 different entrances, north and south atrium and then a bus entrance at the east side. And in each of those 3 arrival moments, we have placed attractions and features. For example, and I haven't announced this before, but I mean I think it's time to share with everybody, I mean we're far enough down the road, the theme of this hotel is flowers, floral things. The use of flowers, of water and natural light and flowers has been taken to a new level for our company. And we have, in this atrium, floors that open. And from the horticulture department below, big huge displays of flowers ascend, and they change every month. One of the things that was charming about Bellagio was it was seasonal. We had fall and winter and spring and summer. If you remember, we had autumn, oranges and browns in the autumn. We had Christmas, poinsettias and Christmas trees at Christmas. In spring, cherry blossoms in the spring. In this hotel, huge, if you can imagine the floats of the Rose Bowl Parade, but imagine instead that they are intricate 5-, 6-, 7-meter tall sculptures that are 10 or 12 meters wide on variable height lifts that are like wedding cakes, and these things vary from a full carousel of horses, like a merry-go-round that go round and round and up and down to calliope music, 2 hot air balloons of multicolors like in Around the World in Eighty Days, to peacocks and tigers and other fanciful objects. It changes every month, all made of real flowers. These are multistory atria that go up, and these kinds of fantasies take place to music 24/7. Am I beginning to shape the picture for you Harry? Or did you leave?
Matthew O. Maddox: I think Harry dropped off.
Operator: Our final last question comes from Robin Farley of UBS.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: I have 2 questions. One is I wonder...
Stephen A. Wynn: Robin, did you hear what I just said? Robin, could you hear me?
Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Yes, yes. All of that. I'm not sure what happened to the last question. but we could all hear you. So we heard all of your -- all the great descriptions. So thanks for sharing.
Stephen A. Wynn: He was asking what the features are. So I started to discuss some of them.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: That was great to get that level of detail. I wanted to ask if you have expectations for timing of anything in Japan.
Stephen A. Wynn: No. I mean, you can read the newspapers, and you know all about what happened in the election, and you know that they've got an initiative to consider it during '14. Where that takes the government and what they will do to follow through is unknown at the present time. There is certainly speculation. We all are paying very close attention. But to say anything with any degree of certainty would be totally speculative at this point.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Does that affect your level of interest or the degree to which you're pursuing things there?
Stephen A. Wynn: I would sure as heck be interested in Tokyo or Osaka, if we were given the opportunity. Naturally, Robin, we'd have to measure the business opportunity, tax rates, rules, sort -- all that sort of thing. But I'm assuming that if Tokyo did a thing like that -- the government of Tokyo did a thing like that, they'd probably follow the successful models of Macau and Singapore, something like that. So I would imagine if they do legalize it in Tokyo, we will all be hot after it.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Great. And then my other question, which is getting a little bit more into the market share shift on The Peninsula among the premium mass. I know there were some comments earlier about how hypercompetitive that is. I wonder if you could just -- there are moving pieces here with you added new capacity that I guess was there for 2/3 of the quarter, the high-end slot area. I think you mentioned something about hold issues in the month of June. It sounded like you were making that comment about slot business but maybe I misheard you. So I just wanted to clarify basically these different moving pieces and now going forward, once you have your high-end slot room in place, I guess, how you expect market share to sort of play out versus how it did in Q2.
Stephen A. Wynn: So Robin, the level of inquiry that your question represents, it gets into crystal ball stuff. When Ian made the remark earlier that the guys got smart, they did a better job with their high-end slot areas and got a little ahead of us. And then, we caught up and we've redone a bunch of areas to make them sexier, and it looks good to us now. And a lot of bigger players came, so they won some big jackpot, so hold fluctuated a little bit, and on the amount of coin in, it matters. But it really doesn't. It really doesn't matter at all. This mass gaming area and our ability to hold customers and to grow or to hold our position in the face of Cotai and the other competitors is something we just have to watch play out. Remember, I said that we were up over July, but we were down in June. It bounces around in our place because we got so many big players. It's hard to give you -- to quantify this. I know we try all the time, but to tell you the truth, Robin, it's sort of a waste of time for all of us. I think you have to look at the macro trends. So whatever Robert Gansmo said about the whole percentage in June, it doesn't matter much because it's offset by the whole percentage in July, and I really don't want to go there. It's the kind of super detail that seems to matter on these kinds of calls, but really amounts to nothing in the long run.
Operator: We have no further questions at this time. I would to like to now return the floor to management for any closing remarks.
Stephen A. Wynn: That was nice talking to you.We'll see you in 90 days. We'll see what happens then and maybe for other jurisdiction-specific [ph] things. Thank you, everybody.
Matthew O. Maddox: Thanks.
Operator: This concludes your conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-04-25 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Matthew O. Maddox - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Treasurer Stephen A. Wynn - Founder, Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, Member of Executive Committee, Chairman of Wynn Macau Limited, Chief Executive Officer of Wynn Macau Limited and President of Wynn Macau Limited Ian Michael Coughlan - President of Wynn Macau Marc D. Schorr - Chief Operating Officer, Member of Executive Committee and Member of Gaming Compliance Committee Maurice Wooden - Principal Executive Officer and President Gamal Aziz
Analysts: Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Shaun C. Kelley - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Joseph Greff - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division Steven E. Kent - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Thomas Frank Marsico - Marsico Capital Management, LLC Thomas Allen - Morgan Stanley, Research Division
Operator: Good afternoon and welcome to the Wynn Resorts First Quarter 2013 Earnings Call. Joining the call on behalf of the company today are Steve Wynn; Marc Schorr; John Strzemp; Matt Maddox; Kim Sinatra; Gamal Aziz; Maurice Wooden; Scott Peterson; and on the phone Ian Coughlan, President of Wynn Macau; and Robert Gansmo, CFO of Wynn Macau. My name is Amy and I will be your conference operator today. [Operator Instructions] Now I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Maddox. Please go ahead, sir.
Matthew O. Maddox: Thank you. And thank you, everyone, for joining us today. Before we get started, I just need to remind everyone that we will be making forward-looking statements under the Safe Harbor of Federal securities laws. And those statements may or may not come through. With that I'm going to turn it over to Steve for opening remarks.
Stephen A. Wynn: Well, we have these calls every 90 days and usually everybody who's on the call has seen the numbers. It was our best quarter ever in China at $330 million. And we did okay in Las Vegas at $120 million. Construction in Macau is at full speed on our Cotai project, which is our third hotel. The budget is still just under $4 billion and 6 million feet. We're very pleased with all of the things that has taken us 2 years to design. We're in a very competitive market in China, as well as Las Vegas. But in Macau, we're in a situation where the licensees, the holders of those concessions, the 3 major concessions and the 3 subconcessions are all very smart people with very intelligent organizations who are learning from one another, making sure that competition doesn't get the jump on each one. And the quality of the competition is it's steadily ticking upward the past several years since we opened in '06. We had certain advantages that were related to our experience, the industry and our brand. We have fought diligently to maintain that advantage, and we will continue to do so. It came to bear especially in the conception and the design of Wynn Cotai, which took 2 years before we were in a position to break ground. We waited for our final approvals, but there wasn't a week or a day that didn't go by that we weren't bearing down, concentrating, bringing to bear all of our experience and expertise of our design teams to come up with a place that would be irresistible when it opens, hopefully, for Chinese New Year in '16. Our contracts with Leighton and our builders include those dates, and we believe we'll meet them. As you know, we are competing for a license in Philadelphia and one in Boston metropolitan area, Massachusetts. Those processes are underway and we are again bringing our best game to the table. How it plays out, we will not know probably until the fourth quarter of this year, and maybe a little beyond in Massachusetts. But we are making progress. We have completed preliminary designs of such of those new properties. And we believe that the urban Wynn, the big cities, give us the opportunity to introduce to those metropolitan areas new and very glamorous hotels that would otherwise not be profitable in view of today's average hotel rates, the Internet and the cost of construction. However, with the addition of a gaming room that is separate, but adjacent to such beautiful hotels, food and beverage, entertainment, shopping facilities, we -- and convention facilities, the existence of a casino room makes a new hotel in a city like Philadelphia and Boston and hopefully someday in Toronto or New York or wherever, a chance for a new hotel that would otherwise not be economically feasible. We call this notion the urban Wynn. And in a complicated world full of change, things like Internet gambling, which almost defy analysis month-to-month, the rules, the regulations, the laws, the absence of laws. All of this makes digital gaming a little bit murky to us. But the idea of having the best hotel in Philadelphia, the best hotel in Boston, that's not murky to me or my colleagues. That's something we understand. The best hotel in major cities has a great future. Tomorrow is better than today. And the day after tomorrow is better than tomorrow. You build those kinds of institutions, those brands by delivering on the promise. Our company has been well known for that for many, many years. And that again is what we're bringing to bear in our applications in Philadelphia and Massachusetts. I think without tooting our own horn, that's really basically the way we're looking at things these days. And we'll be glad to take questions. I want to remind you that the senior management of China and Las Vegas is here in order to give color and depth to any of your questions. So go ahead and start.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Carlo Santarelli with Deutsche Bank.
Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Steve, if I could just follow up as you talked a little bit about urban Wynn and obviously the Massachusetts project. Could you talk a little bit about how you guys are thinking about allocation of capital in the event that maybe these urban projects don't come to fruition?
Stephen A. Wynn: Well, we build our places with modest lending. We try and keep an equity-to-debt ratio in our properties that allows us to maintain our investment-grade rating on our subsidiary nonrecourse debt. I think we're the only company that does enjoy that at the moment, at least the last time I checked. And that allows us for -- that use of our capital as we approach each project, allows us to protect our service levels and our employee base in spite of economic vicissitudes. If there is no Philadelphia and Boston, then we're going to be in the fortunate position of having excess capital. And what we would do with it is something that the Board of Directors would take up at the time. But right now, our dividend policy, which is $1 a quarter and is basically scheduled to be the kind of a dividend policy that could continue while we build the new projects in Cotai. And we did borrow money last summer. Matt was particularly successful in borrowing the money that we need for Cotai at LIBOR plus 1.75%. Most of that money was in a revolver. 1/3 of it or a little less than -- 1/4 of it was in a term loan, which we locked up at under 2.5% for the period. So we're very happy with our interest rates and our maturities. And so we go forward trying to take advantage of opportunities that present themselves. And your question is very interesting. I don't know how to quite answer it, except to say we'll take one step at a time.
Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: That's great, that's very helpful. And, Ian, if you're on the line if I could. Obviously the property enjoyed a solid quarter. And you guys actually surprised to the upside on the margins. And granted some of that's from Holden in both the mass and the VIP, but also the commission number seems to be down a little bit. Is that best interpreted as having a little bit more fortune with your direct players relative to your junket players? Or is there anything else that's maybe changed on that side or on the margin or the expense structure as a whole?
Ian Michael Coughlan: You're correct. That's pretty much what it is.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Shaun Kelley with Bank of America.
Shaun C. Kelley - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Probably another one for Ian over in Macau, but just wanted to ask a little bit about what you guys are seeing in the premium mass segment? We noticed from the release that obviously drop was actually down a little, but your hold ratio was up materially as far as what we can calculate, so you guys gave a little bit of explanation, but could you talk to us just about what behavior you saw over the course of the quarter that drove such a high hold ratio. And if you think that this is kind of the new pattern or relationship going forward?
Stephen A. Wynn: Hold on, Ian, just one second before you chime in. There's something in Matt's release that I would like to draw everybody's attention to, because it's significant and critical that you take note of it. What's happened in Macau is something that we've never seen in Las Vegas, but is a growing pattern and it should affect all of the analyses that most of you are doing. But what's happened is, the customers are buying the chips at the cage, which does not enter into the drop. So the hold percentage in the mass market and our Diamond Club, our premium mass market, is an irrelevant number. You should disregard that number now and pay only attention to the amount of the win because this absence of the chips purchased at the cage in the handle has skewed the numbers and make it look like we're holding an abnormal amount of money. There was one part of our casino in Encore, which looked like it held 100% or more. So our advice now to observers of the industry and our investors, disregard the hold percentage in Macau in the mass market. It is now an irrelevant number because of the particular nature of the behavior of the customers. And, Ian, you could pick it up from there.
Ian Michael Coughlan: Just the high limits mass table games and high limit slot market have had a lot of attention over the last 6, 9 months as our competitors cut off with what we did with Encore. And nobody has quite matched Encore at this point, and we continue to upgrade our high limit areas. We just opened a new high limit slots area, phase 1, with 96 slot machines and we're opening up our phase 2 with another 50 machines this weekend in time for the May holiday. In general terms, everybody has shown their cards and the customers are now left to decide about where they prefer. So there's been a lot of ramp up in activity with generous giveaways and people can't continue to sustain that. We've chosen to just take good care of our players without giving anything too much away. And I believe that the playing field will level over the next 12 months. And our mass business overall is very healthy. Our high limits business remains strong. So we're pretty confident going forward.
Shaun C. Kelley - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: That's great. And then just one follow-up on the VIP side there. Obviously volumes were down a little bit, but that could have been driven by how well you held. Could you just talk us through what you guys saw in terms of VIP activity throughout the quarter? We've heard a little bit about lending maybe coming back from some of the junkets, so what are some of your junket partners saying?
Ian Michael Coughlan: There's a lot more confidence over the last 4 or 5 months than there was in the summer of last year. And business grows organically and nicely. Our direct program is growing nicely and our junket partners are doing well. We opened a new junket space on property for Chinese New Year next year. That's the next big junket event for us, but i think people are generally pleased with the market.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joe Greff with JPMorgan.
Joseph Greff - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Steve, thank you for your commentary on maybe the decreasing relevancy of mass drop, but the mass revenue, the mass win was a great result. Can you talk about what marketing changes you may be making on the mass to premium mass side and whether there was anything to note within the quarter on the mass side, whether average bet size or number of players in that segment you can share with us that maybe talks to the degree of volume versus the wager per player?
Stephen A. Wynn: There's myself in Las Vegas with my job title and then there's the kids that are running the hotel in Macau. I think probably you need to hear from both of us on that question, Joe, but for me. . .
Ian Michael Coughlan: I'm happy to take that.
Stephen A. Wynn: I take this approach. There's really nothing left to do in our industry except the basics better. The idea of a runaway building, a preemptive over-the-moon structure, I think when everybody has virtually all the capital they need to build any structure in Macau, that the building budgets aren't really very important anymore. Nobody has an advantage over anyone else. None of us, none of the 6 of us are short of money. The market justifies massive investment. So therefore you get back to saying, well who are our customers? What do they really care about? And how can we best serve those needs? How do we address ourselves to the fundamentals of our business? So that's why I -- my answer to that question is sort of a macro answer. And there's nothing left for us except to do the basics better. That's why Ian Coughlan is there, why he left Peninsula and came to work for us. Linda -- Linda, are you there? She's not? She's on the road? Mark Schorr is here. Come over where-- we're using a common speakerphone.
Marc D. Schorr: We've just identified -- we identified who our customer is. And our goal was to take care of the customers' needs, as you said just go back to the basics.
Stephen A. Wynn: So we really didn't do anything extraordinary at all. We just relied -- we go to our strength, which is the fact that based on many, many years of experience, having developed the best hotels over and over again and dominated every market we've ever been in. If you take any single property, whether it's downtown Las Vegas, Atlantic City, the strip in Las Vegas, we've never ever not had the best hotel in each market that we've been in for the past 30 years. Now the reason that's been true is because we really focus on the fundamentals. And I think that's all we're doing. And there's a lot of smart guys in Macau. And they're getting smarter by the year. I really have to complement the competition in Macau. I find that the offerings that are being made are keeping us all on our toes. I happen to love that, incidentally, because it stimulates us. If we go and see a poorly done job, it disappoints us even if it's our competitor. When we see a good job like we see so often with our competitors now, both MGM and the Sands, the Dolphin [ph] kids from Melco. I had a coffee the other day with Jamie Packer in Los Angeles. All these guys are on their game. The people at SJM, Stanley Ho's company, Angela and Ambrose So and Louis Ng, these are all triple smart people and they're on their game and so it's keeping us on our game. I wish I could tell you that we had pulled a rabbit out of a hat, but there's no rabbit and there's no hat.
Joseph Greff - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Great, excellent. Matt, a few other questions here. I noticed on the P&L the provision for doubtful accounts was down year-over-year sizeably. Can you just comment on that? It looks like it was a collectible in Macau?
Matthew O. Maddox: Yes. Yes, yes, you're right. And you know what I'd say is the provision for doubtful accounts is, this is about the appropriate run rate. There's maybe a little more going forward. So it fluctuates as we get large collections in Macau that are fully reserved and we feel pretty good with this run rate.
Stephen A. Wynn: As you know, we've never ever exceeded our reserve in my history either at Mirage Resorts or Wynn. We're very conservative about credit.
Joseph Greff - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Great. And then Matt if you can give us the cash balance at Macau at the end of the first quarter? And if you can -- if you adjust for normal hold in Las Vegas, what the hold adjusted EBITDA result would have been?
Matthew O. Maddox: Sure. So we have roughly $2 billion of cash invested, not in the cages, but in bank accounts and 75% of that is overseas. We did announce an $830 million dividend out of our subsidiary. Then once that's approved by the shareholders, that will be paid out and so you'd see $600 million of that coming back to the parent company over the next 2 months.
Stephen A. Wynn: The Annual Meeting is on May 15.
Matthew O. Maddox: That's right, and...
Stephen A. Wynn: In Macau.
Matthew O. Maddox: In Macau.
Stephen A. Wynn: May 7, here.
Matthew O. Maddox: So Joe, that's the answer on the cash.
Stephen A. Wynn: It's May 16, excuse me.
Matthew O. Maddox: May 16.
Stephen A. Wynn: Mark corrected me.
Matthew O. Maddox: Here is the 7th.
Stephen A. Wynn: The 7th, yes, they're a week apart.
Matthew O. Maddox: Yes. And Joe, what was the other question?
Joseph Greff - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: The other question was EBITDA in Las Vegas adjusted for normal table hold?
Matthew O. Maddox: It's in the neighborhood of $105 million to $108 million depending on how you normalize. And just so you know, Macau is closer to probably $315 million, because we're not adjusting mass.
Stephen A. Wynn: Which would have -- $315 million normalized would have been our best month, $330 million put us over the top since we've built the place.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Felicia Hendrix with Barclays Capital.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I wanted to stick on this phenomenon of the mass players purchasing more chips at the cage that's suddenly infecting the mass drop number. I'm trying to figure out what happens in the quarter that might change prior behavior because you guys have had a superior premium mass product since you've opened and you've been servicing the higher rated mass customers for some time now, so it's not like you suddenly have a new customer.
Matthew O. Maddox: No. I mean, let me put it in prospective. If you look at the growth in mass market in our casino, the Encore mass market casino revenues grew by 40%. And that is almost all premium customers that are not buying in at the tables. And so the growth -- the 40% growth was in the Encore side and then our main floor grew less. And so that's really what you're seeing is a shift in the mix.
Stephen A. Wynn: Do you understand his answer? Maybe I can. . .
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: No, I understand it.
Stephen A. Wynn: Okay. Good.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Yes. And so -- and that's actually pretty impressive given -- Steve you talked about the competition and the market and we can all see what the table yields have done.
Stephen A. Wynn: We're lucky. I mean, someone asked me on the last call, "Are you concerned about the kind of places that are built in Macau -- in Cotai?" I said, "Concerned? I'm frightened to death." I mean, these are very tough guys even though they're friends and we have dinner together and all that. These people -- I mean, the game is being played at a very high-level in Macau at the moment. Very high level. Very smart people and paying close attention to their business. I have to say I'm thrilled that we're able to hold our own there. I have great gratitude and respect for Ian and Linda, Robert Gansmo, Franky. The group there is a fabulous management team. They'll do a good job in Cotai too.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: We can't wait to see that. Speaking of Cotai, you provided us with some nice updates in the release and in some of your prepared remarks. Just wondering, now that your foundation work is underway, if you could share with us any learnings you might have from that and any updates to the design?
Stephen A. Wynn: No, the design is finished, of course. We're way past being able to fool with that. We took a long time, the longest ever. We usually take about 15, 16 months to do design development before we can break ground. We took 24 this time. Mainly as a -- reflecting the respect we have for our competitors. That in Macau, right now, if you don't mind, we have this wonderful piece of real estate in downtown Macau on the Peninsula that is between -- we're across the street from 4 hotels: The Star World, SJM, both the Lisboa and the Grand Lisboa face us. On our right is the Star World and the Arc, and then behind us -- so we're surrounded on 3 sides is MGM and fabulous shopping. As a result, we're sort of in the cross traffic. And so to some extent, which I can't quantify, I don't know whether it's 10% of our business or 25% of our business, but we are definitely the beneficiary of people that can just walk across the street and change their luck. And since the junket operators are common to most every hotel there, they're like a service. They're like an ATM machine. They are available and they have rooms in each hotel. The players go and just change their luck. The Wynn and Encore of Macau benefit from its strategic central location. We have the 100% location on the Peninsula. Everybody surrounds us. In Cotai, as dramatic and as ambitious as these buildings are, there isn't a lot of what you'd call walk in. They're separated and the weather is warm. The people move around in jitneys and public transportation. And so we said to ourselves, well, we not may not be able to enjoy that geographic position that we have downtown. So let's design our Cotai Hotel so that it is a must-see attraction. We are also benefited in Cotai by the fact that the new light rail or monorail system, we are the first stop coming from the boat dock, the ferry terminal and the airport. We're adjacent to the airport. And the transportation link -- the light rail goes around 2 sides of our property. It makes a 90-degree turn, very much the way the monorail in Las Vegas goes around the desert and golf course, the Wynn golf course. So we wanted to make sure that people riding the light rail arriving in Cotai -- and business more and more goes to Cotai as the developments increase in their stature. We wanted to make sure that when people looked at our lake, our fountains, that they saw something that was irresistible for them to get off the light -- the light rail stop is right in the middle of the front of our property. And they get off the light rail and they go down the escalator off the monorail. They go down the escalator and they are right smack, without taking another step, on our gondolas. And we have these gondolas that Doppelmayr of Austria built, and the gondolas have music and color and air-conditioning. And they go through the fountains. They go around the lake and through the fountains and into the building. We created an e-ride to get into the place. It's a lot of fun. It was great to do because I'm trying to create walk-in business or let's put it this way, ride-in business. And so all of these new ideas are coming to play in the new hotel. The towers for the -- where the turnbuckles are for the gondolas, which are on the main drag there, are shaped like dragons. And as you ride by in the gondola car, smoke and red light make it look like the dragons are puffing. All kinds of fantasy and -- the kind of public entertainment that we're famous for. Everything about Cotai is about entertainment. And so that's how we're going to meet up with our friends who are competitors and try again to hold our own against tough guys. Is that helpful?
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: That is super helpful. And just finally, in your prior comments you had said that you thought that online gaming was murky. So I was just wondering if you could elaborate a little bit more on your thoughts there. You had a partner once. That didn't work out for obvious reasons. Just going forward, what do you think?
Stephen A. Wynn: I'd like Matt to talk about that. When I say murky, that's a Steve Wynn comment. I've often thought this whole subject of online gaming was getting everybody all jazzed up a little bit ahead of themselves in my view. First of all, I don't think -- I think it's probably the most unsympathetic tax target on the planet Earth would be online gaming where every bet can be measured by the government, both State and Federal governments that have an insatiable appetite for new revenue these days. And another thing is that, it's very difficult to distinguish yourself online. We sell experience in our buildings and that's a long and difficult assignment, but we have experience. We know how to do that. I don't know how to make the experience on a computer screen 17 inches in diameter particularly unforgettable. We're going to learn how to do it because we're not going to be left behind in this matter. And we've turned this over to the capable hands of Mr. Maddox who will give you his view on the subject.
Matthew O. Maddox: I agree with Steve. It's murky. We're looking at all the opportunities around the world and talking to the various partners. But we're moving cautiously. And we're really more in monitoring mode right now.
Stephen A. Wynn: But we'll have our oar in the water as we should on behalf of our shareholders. And we'll take a ride on the railroad and go through the learning curve and bring common sense, and hopefully intelligent judgment to the task. But right now, if anybody on this call can tell me what's going to happen with Internet gaming in America, I'm dying to hear it. I have trouble predicting the outcome here.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven Kent with Goldman Sachs.
Steven E. Kent - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: A couple of questions. First, maybe you could just give us a little bit more or tell us when you're going to start to show the images for Wynn Cotai. I mean, you just described it very effectively, Steve. But I can see images for the proposals in Boston and in Philly, but I don't see anything yet for Cotai.
Stephen A. Wynn: We have -- we are building a model and it's almost finished. Is it not, Mark?
Marc D. Schorr: I think you'll get it in 30 days. I think you'll be able to view it...
Stephen A. Wynn: In the next month or so, we're going to have the model and we'll be photographing it. We've got extensive interior studies, computer-generated. I mean, we built a building next door that's 32,000 square feet right next to our employee garage on Koval Lane here in Las Vegas and it's got glass walls. And in it, are each of the room types, the corridors and 5,000 square feet of the casino, full-scale. You can walk in it. Now I want to a video of that in the next month or so. And when we get through with that video, you'll think the hotel is already built. You'll be able to walk down the corridor and there's mirrors at the end of the corridor to make it extend lengthwise. You can walk in all of our room types, complete and finished. That's our practice. We spend a lot of money on modeling because we want to experience the hotel before our guests do, so that if we've made the mistake we can correct it before we cast it in permanent concrete. And we've been doing all this for months and months and months. And it's all been done. We haven't had a chance to share it with everybody because we had so many other things on our plate with Philadelphia and Boston that had very definite and pressing schedules as to the calendar. But we are finished with the model and we'll be showing Cotai to everybody that cares to see it. If you come out, we'll take you next door. If you want to come see it, any of you. As long as you're an investor as opposed to our competitors.
Steven E. Kent - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Separately, just on these -- either Philadelphia or Boston, basically an urban Wynn concept, how are you differentiating it from a regular regional casino so that you can get the superior returns you've been getting in some of the other markets without overspending and given the declining returns we're seeing in some of the other regional casino markets here in the U.S.?
Stephen A. Wynn: I love that question. How do we compare to the other regional casinos? Hear me. There is no comparison. Regional casinos are boxes of slots. Period. End of sentence. We are building very lovely integrated hotels. Now they don't have 3,000 rooms; they've got 300 or 500 or whatever. But they have beautiful restaurants. They have atriums. They have convention facilities, meeting rooms that are delicious and better than any hotel in any city that we're going into. They have spas that are wonderful. These hotels are great places to go for a weekend. And you don't ever have to get near a slot machine or a black jack table or a baccarat table in one of our places -- down the hall, the way a convention meeting room might be separate. So then in each of our cities, visitors who are not predisposed to gamble, families with children can go into our hotels and enjoy fanciful restaurants and shopping and our other experiences that are associated with hospitality. And remember this, in our industry there's been a simple truth: slot machines and blackjack tables in and of themselves have no power at all. You create a legalized casino in a city and they open up -- a box of slots opens up, and the first year there's a big puff of tax revenues and a big puff of earnings, and then they flatten out because basically they deal only to the neighborhood. Unless you bring people from outside the region into the region, you do not have a future growth pattern. We are building buildings that will grow and be the places where people from out of town come to stay. Little destination resort hotels in beautiful cities, like where I went to school in Philadelphia or where my family is from in Boston. My mom and dad were born there. So we have no comparison whatsoever to any local casino. They're all boxes of slots by my likes. Now that's all that they needed in those days. Harrah's did a very good job of building this network around the world. And I admire what they did. Their progressive bonus program has been a very successful one. But make no mistake, what we are building is not a box of slots. We're building hotels that just happen to have a gaming room out back with its own garage and its own access, but 2 separate concepts. The urban Wynn idea will undoubtedly be copied as we go forward because we usually get copied, but there isn't a model for what we're doing anywhere.
Marc D. Schorr: This goes back to the Golden Nugget and the Horseshoe from 30 years ago.
Stephen A. Wynn: Marc has made a good example. There was Fremont Street 30 years ago and then there was the Golden Nugget. Everybody said Fremont Street has a personality and a profile and a revenue profile. And we built the Golden Nugget and we -- it was just a little casino. We added the rooms. We rebuilt the place. We made a 2,000 room hotel out of it, brought in entertainment and shopping. And we made more money in the Golden Nugget on Fremont Street than the entire Fremont street complex total by a substantial margin. We had 58% of the profits downtown. So you change the game by what you offer to the public. And we know what the public wants. It's a question of giving it to them. That's it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tom Marsico with Marsico Capital.
Thomas Frank Marsico - Marsico Capital Management, LLC: Steve, I was wondering if you could give us any insight as to the economic conditions that you're seeing from your customers as you talk to them in Macau. Is there a differentiation that you're seeing now versus 6 months ago when the new administration was being put in versus what you're seeing today?
Stephen A. Wynn: That's a good question, Tom, and we're very interested in that -- the answer to that question. So we're probing and asking that question constantly. Because of our relationships with our customers directly and through our junket operators, we're talking to a wide-ranging, very diverse population of businessmen from People's Republic of China. Not just Guangdong province, not just Guangzhou and Shenzhen, Dongguan, but far away in Fujian and Chengdu and Chiang Dao and every place. And what we're getting universally is a statement of confidence and equanimity in the feelings that these men and women have about the leadership of the PRC. They think it's stable. They think it's sophisticated and very, very switched on to what China needs. There's an awful lot of confidence that we're hearing from our customer base about the leadership of the PRC. There's a lot of confidence about the leadership in Macau. It's different than here in the sense that there's a mixture of social consciousness and business hustle, business aggressiveness. It's fascinating. The government of the People's Republic of China and Macau have come to the conclusion that the only important way to improve their company and keep -- their country, and keep social peace and happiness is by the creation of jobs. And everything in the PRC is about the creation of jobs. And that takes a backseat to everything else. So they're very supportive of things that create jobs. And they manage to balance that with social consciousness in a way that makes life there predictable and easy. I've been, I don't know, criticized or people have commented on the fact that in these conference calls, I often talk about the difference between leadership in America and Washington and leadership in China. And I'm going to say it again because it's only the truth. That there is a clarity that job creation is the only path to a better life for the citizens in China. And that does not seem to have been cleared up in America. Job creation is still not the priority in this country based upon the policies that we're dealing with or the paralysis in Washington. And when they do act, they've acted in ways that are not constructive to job creation. We don't see any of that in Macau. What we see instead is a sprit contrary -- that's an exact opposite, that comes from Beijing and filters through to the SARs, the Special Administrative Regions of Hong Kong and Macau, both of which are enjoying unprecedented success under the leadership of the central government in Beijing. So that's what I'm seeing, Tom, and it's coupled with a lot of confidence about the new administration in Beijing.
Thomas Frank Marsico - Marsico Capital Management, LLC: Was there a time during this change in the administration in China of the leadership that you did see a pause as far as confidence was concerned because of the uncertainties that Xi might bring to the new leadership position?
Stephen A. Wynn: There was -- in the sense that there was a pause, not a negative pause, what there is, every 5 years a normal moment in which everybody is wondering what is going to be the line up on the standing committee or the central committee of the Communist Party. We say the Communist Party as if this was the Cold War days. Communist Party is a term that means an entirely different thing today in China. But until everybody knew who was going to be who on this standing committee, Xi -- they knew he was going to be the boss, but there's much more to it than just the one man in China. There's the other members. And power has been consolidated. You know that it's -- the amount of the committee members have been dropped down by 2. That may climb back up for the second 5 years as everybody starts to take care of everybody else. But this is clearly, clearly a settled issue. And where everybody was a little curious before those names and the identities of the standing committee members and what their responsibilities would be, that period is past. So I think the pause may be the right word. Everybody was curious about who is going to be who. There's a big pecking order over there.
Thomas Frank Marsico - Marsico Capital Management, LLC: As far as the U.S. is concerned, and the major companies that you do business with, with special conventions and trips that they're offering for their employees, are you starting to see more confidence among decision-makers, CEOs and such as far as implementing those programs again? And I go back to the days when Wells Fargo was told not to go to Las Vegas. Are those types of programs being reimplemented and you're starting to see a pickup in that area in hotels in Las Vegas?
Stephen A. Wynn: Maurice Wooden is here with me, the President of the hotel. And I think it may be good for him to answer that one.
Maurice Wooden: Actually we've -- let me just move over so I can get over. We've been very fortunate to enjoy this year where we've seen a great pickup in that segment. In fact as we start to look at the first quarter, we had a 6% -- actually a 7% increase in rooms and also a 7% increase in revenues. But looking out over the rest of the year we also see that, that's a pattern that we feel confident that is going to continue to repeat itself. And then if we're looking out to grow out into 2014, which we've always talked about as -- where we felt the best as far as we're we knew the room contribution was really going to bounce back in that segment, 2014 is way ahead of pace where we actually thought it would be.
Thomas Frank Marsico - Marsico Capital Management, LLC: So are you back to the pace that you were a '07?
Maurice Wooden: I wouldn't say it's exactly the same pace as '07. However, it's much more robust than it was, especially over the last several years.
Thomas Frank Marsico - Marsico Capital Management, LLC: And then if I could ask one last question. I was just wondering -- from other jurisdictions, if you're talking to any of the decision-makers in Singapore and other areas, if they're pleased or if they think that you could see maybe an additional opportunity in Singapore that's not being addressed by the current hotels that are operating there? Is there any leeway that you could see new contracts being let?
Stephen A. Wynn: I don't know, Tom. I'm not in a position to comment on that intelligently. That's a good question for Sheldon.
Thomas Frank Marsico - Marsico Capital Management, LLC: And the same is true in Japan?
Stephen A. Wynn: Japan moves around. The current Prime Minister is pro-gaming. The party that is most likely to favor this is in control. But you know things change in Japan rather quickly, but we're all watching that. And that will be a joust if it happens. I think there'll be a joust. There'll be a serious effort made if Toronto decides this spring if they want to have a privately operated casino. Everybody sort of thinks that market, heavily Chinese as it is, would be a good one. And it's a destination -- world-class destination city. There's nonstop flights from every major world capital to Toronto. You don't have to change planes. So I don't know about Singapore, but I know that there's a very, very spirited debate at the moment in Toronto. And Gamal -- Gamal Aziz is on the call. And Gamal -- this is his business. This expansion of our company, he is doing that with me. Gamal, what do you think about this, about Canada?
Gamal Aziz: Steve, I think that -- well, Toronto we will know -- city council votes on May 7 and we will know if they'll accept it in Toronto itself. If not, it may go to other neighboring jurisdictions like Markham, Mississauga or Vaughan, so we'll wait and see. But yes, it would be a great market for us. Japan, I think as you said, Steve, the new Prime Minister is pro-gaming. For the first time, cabinet members are speaking openly about gaming and the benefits of having integrated resorts. So we think that for the first time, there's hope that they will approve the promotional bill, which precedes the implementation bill. So we think there is movement in Japan and we will know by the end of the year. But this is probably the friendliest government for -- towards gaming.
Thomas Frank Marsico - Marsico Capital Management, LLC: And I'd just like to comment and thank Marc Schorr for his great commitment to the Wynn shareholders.
Stephen A. Wynn: Tom, Marc is going to continue in a partial role until the opening of Cotai because of his experience in building Treasure Island and Encore. So he's going to have a -- he's going to spend a little bit more time with his family because that's what he wants to do. But he's also going to continue making regular trips to China in his role in getting that place built and open. So retirement was probably a little bit of an exaggerated term.
Thomas Frank Marsico - Marsico Capital Management, LLC: Well, Marc, I still want to thank you very much for all you've done.
Marc D. Schorr: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robin Farley with UBS. [Technical Difficulty]
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Thomas Allen with Morgan Stanley.
Thomas Allen - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: So on Las Vegas we've heard from some of the regional operators that January and February were soft and than you saw, speaking from pickup in business in March. Did you experience something similar in Vegas in -- both on your personal level and then on the market in general would be helpful?
Matthew O. Maddox: No, I mean, we didn't see anything different in March than we saw in January and February. We were pretty consistent month to month as far as our business.
Stephen A. Wynn: Yes, but I want to point out, we had a good time. But in our tape, we have the largest amount of gaming win in the state of Nevada for one single property. We've been the -- we've held that record since I opened Bellagio and then we exceeded Bellagio in '07 with $724 million in Wynn. And then we exceeded it last year and this year at $770 million in this hotel. So having said that we have the largest component of gaming revenue of any Nevada casino, I must point out that of the $600 million in table win, 70% of it is in roulette and baccarat, which are business that is primarily Latin American, European and Asian. Without the international market, we would be in an entirely different position. But we are among, in addition to a few other properties on the strip, the hotel of choice for well-to-do international travelers. This hotel has an enormous component every single night of the week of people with foreign passports. It'd be the equivalent of 200 or 300 or 400-room hotel in another city being 100% occupied every night of the year by people who were from another country, and these are all gamblers. So we don't really run with the pack, so to speak in Las Vegas. We've got this international brand that works for us. So when you ask that question and you relate it to regional casinos, we're so completely different that I think it's not a comparable situation. And we intend to do exactly that in Philadelphia and Boston, exactly that. And Toronto, if we get the chance. Show us a major city and we'll build them a beautiful destination hotel that could be called a resort by any definition. And therefore we get into a different category. We get people from outside the region to come into the region. We get people over there to come here. That's the secret of gaming. That's the only reason to have gaming, to get people to come from over there to here. Wherever here is compared to over there. I tried to make that point in my presentation in Philadelphia recently. And when you decide to bring people from over there to over here, you do that by having something here that's better than there, which means more money for construction, more jobs, and in the end more tax revenue. Yes?
Thomas Allen - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: That actually brings me to an interesting second question. Are you able to estimate what percentage of your Las Vegas revenue comes from Chinese customers? I mean, just thinking, if there is some kind of issue that could stop them from traveling, how would that impact your Vegas property also?
Stephen A. Wynn: If anything interfered with Chinese travel to the United States, would it impact our property? Roughly the equivalent of the building falling down. Yes. Nothing serious, just a catastrophe that's all. A catastrophe. And if you want to have anxiety about potential scenarios that could cause problems, you had just picked one right there, Tom. I don't think that -- we're not having an anxiety attack on that point, nor have we worried about it for the past 30 or 40 years. No, the Chinese are on the move. The Japanese are on the move. The Taiwanese are on the move. The Latin America, Brazil, Chile, Colombia, those are our -- we have big business this first quarter from Chile, Colombia, Brazil, Mexico, Taiwan, Japan, Singapore, Malaysia, Indonesia and the People's Republic of China. That's our business. That's who we are.
Operator: This concludes the call.
Stephen A. Wynn: Thank you, everybody.

===== 2012 Q4  (2013-01-31 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Matt Maddox - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Treasurer Stephen A. Wynn - Founder, Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, Member of Executive Committee, Chairman of Wynn Macau Limited, Chief Executive Officer of Wynn Macau Limited and President of Wynn Macau Limited Marilyn Spiegel - Principal Executive Officer, President and Chief Operating Officer Ian Michael Coughlan - President of Wynn Macau Gamal Aziz
Analysts: Shaun C. Kelley - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Joseph Greff - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division Cameron Philip Sean McKnight - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Thomas Allen - Morgan Stanley, Research Division
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Wynn Resorts Fourth Quarter 2012 Earnings Call. Joining the call on behalf of the company today, are John Wynn; Marc Schorr; John Strzemp; Matt Maddox; Marilyn Spiegel; Scott Peterson; Gamal Aziz, President and COO of Wynn Development. And on the phone are Ian Coughlan, President of Wynn Macau; and Robert Gansmo, CFO of Wynn Macau. [Operator Instructions] Now I would like to turn today's call over to Mr. Maddox. Please go ahead, sir.
Matt Maddox: Thank you, and good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us today. Before we get started, I just need to remind everybody that we will be making forward-looking statements under the Safe Harbor of federal securities law, and the statements may or may not come true. With that, I'm going to turn it over to Steve for some opening comments.
Stephen A. Wynn: In the 45 years that we've been doing this, we've had a record of constant progress and growth that has hovered between 25% compounded a year and 30-odd percent compounded a year. The basis of that growth has been some fundamental ideas about who we are as a company, the kind of services and the people we employ and the kind of facilities we've built. And we've tempered those simple truths with the fundamental understanding that our balance sheet was a critical part of our ability to grow, maintain service levels and take care of our employees. We've approached the idea of growth and development with those thoughts in mind, and we've been very fortunate to be allowed to participate in Macau. And of course, we've had wonderful history for the past 45 years in Las Vegas. During that time, our market share, in terms of the top line, the gross revenue that gets so much attention on Wall Street has been a story of irregular progress onward and upward. That's never changed in my career, and I don't think it's likely to change when you're in a business that involves great capital projects that take 3 to 5 years to develop and open. We are focused very heavily in the year 2013 and have been in '12 on just such factors. We began our project last year in May with the preparation of the ground on the landfill, known as Cotai. We had 52 wonderful acres but that had a great deal of challenge built into them because of water on the property. It was an expensive, time-consuming process to get the property ready for hard construction. I'm happy to say that the work that was done in the last 6 months is completed, and all of the governmental approvals have been given. And the day after Chinese New Year in the next 1.5 weeks, we begin the driving of piles, the building of the foundation of the building and hard construction has begun in China. We are 36 months out from the opening of our hotel on Cotai, which, in spite of the brilliance of the competitive construction and development that's taken place in China -- and for those of you who haven't been to Macau, the new structures are quite wonderful and each of the companies has done a great job. They're smart. They're well-conceived projects, run by men and women who know their business. In that context, we observe our competitors, as we have over the last 4 decades, and we design our next facility so that it will have a competitive advantage over our neighbors, which is quite a challenging statement to make. We've taken a long time to prepare the project that's being built in Cotai, and we are confident that the day that everybody gets to see it, they will be amazed. It represents progress and developments in our industry that have not been seen before. And that's what it takes these days to get people excited. The public is so sophisticated. As a result of the work that our colleagues have done at other companies, that -- it's a big hill to climb to get people to go "wow" and think that this thing that they are looking at today is better than anything they've ever seen before. But we've been at it a long time. We have a wonderful group of creative people that have been tested over and over again. And so as the market grows in China, for example, our gross share of the market naturally declines because we have one project on The Peninsula. And our market share, as other hotels have opened, has gone to 9% or 10%. And we don't focus very much on the top line, because so much of it is noise. We have 9% or 10% of the revenue, but we have doubled the amount of EBITDA in the project and less interest than our expense. So when it comes to taking home money, we get very, very healthy. And we're going to stay that way, as we build new hotels in China and elsewhere in the world. An example of this, building houses of bricks. If you read the 3 Little Pigs, it's got everything you need to know as a case study. I remember 1 year, we had a sketch on our annual report of 3 pigs: one sitting on the rubble of a house of straw; one sitting on the remains of a house of wood; and a chubby little pig sitting on top of a perfectly preserved house of bricks, smoking a cigar. And the headline on our annual report is, We Build Houses of Brick. Well, nothing's changed. I love the 3 Little Pigs as a case study. And our hotels that we build currently and the ones we're building in the future will represent houses of brick. In Las Vegas, this intensely competitive market, we outperform the industry. It's very difficult to do against such smart people, such clever people. But we enjoy the company we're in, and we relish the challenge as we go forward. So besides the performance of our company, which, in terms of earnings, was very satisfying and happy for us, we adjust by a few million dollars EBITDA in the last quarter. The street estimates were $5 million or $6 million higher than what we did. But in Las Vegas, we were $15 million or $20 million higher than everybody thought. That's the warp and the woof of the business where in. Having said that, I think my role in this company is to talk about the future and the ideas that we hold. We don't ever talk about the deals we haven't made, because it's really a waste of time. We talk about the deals we have made. At certain times like this morning, or this afternoon, it's appropriate to talk about our aspirations and the things -- the deals that we've engaged in fully. I've spent months now designing the new concept of an urban Wynn. An urban Wynn is a concept that's based upon these observations. In the major cities of the United States, like Philadelphia and Boston, there are many hotels that get very healthy room rates. In Boston, it's hundreds and hundreds of dollars to get a room. And there are fine companies, like Ritz-Carlton and Four Seasons and others, that are in those cities. But we all know, as you do on this call, that it's uneconomical to build a really wonderful, brand-new hotel in a city today because of the cost of construction and the competitive room rates that prevail. So what does that mean? To us, it creates a wonderful opportunity. Let's take Philadelphia and Boston, for example. You can't build a brand-new hotel in Philadelphia for the reasons I just said. But with the presence of a casino room adjacent to such a beautiful hotel, you can build the best hotel in Boston, the finest project that the state of Pennsylvania or the city of Philadelphia, where I went to school, has ever seen: rooms of 800 and 900 square feet, or 700 square feet; beautiful suites; incredible restaurants with very talented chefs; entertainment areas that are fanciful, imaginative and new and exciting and fun to be in. It's always been a truth in our industry that the driver is the non-casino attractions. The gaming area is, at best, the cash register. There is nothing unique about a slot machine or a blackjack or craps table or baccarat table. In and of themselves, they have no power at all. The power rests in the experiential moment that people get when they're in the building. So you take a place like Philadelphia, where I went to school, or Boston, where my entire family is from and where I spent my youth, in many cases. Those cities can have a wonderful new hotel with an incredibly fanciful hotel, wonderful restaurants, entertainment and shopping. And they can be supported and justified for hundreds of millions of dollars because of the existing -- existence of a gaming facility that is adjacent, but not dominant, in those environments. People who want to gamble will find those rooms, will find those gaming areas, and they will use them regularly, assiduously and have a lot of fun doing it. We know how to do that. But what we specialize is in creating places that people want to go to for dinner with their families, to have fun, to go dancing, to see a show, to go shopping. And we believe it's important to keep those 2 things somewhat separated. There's a lot of -- awful lot of talk about the concept of an integrated facility. Integrated is a word that sometimes is misunderstood. In the early days of Las Vegas, for example, integrated meant that every restaurant and every element of the hotel was adjacent to a slot machine. We know today that, that's not the most intelligent way to do it. That people who are in search of hospitality, food, beverage, shopping and entertainment, don't necessarily want to traverse a room full of slot machines. And we've also learned that it's not necessary to force people to traverse a room full of slot machines and blackjack tables in order to have dinner or go to a show, that those 2 concepts do very well when they are adjacent to one another; therefore, integrated, in that sense of the word, but separate and apart in terms of their experiential moments. Those are the guiding principles of our development that are rooted in concepts like Philadelphia and Boston. And those are the concepts that will be rooted in whatever we do elsewhere in the world. We have a very established brand. People know who -- in every jurisdiction, who we are. We don't need to sell ourselves anymore. But what we do need to do in facilities that are prospective, such as Philadelphia, Boston or any other city, and I'm not going to mention all the cities we're working in because those are deals that we haven't engaged publicly yet. But those are the -- our job in those places is to explain how we're going to apply our brand and our experience to produce a great place that is value added for those cities, that brings people from outside the region into those cities, the places pay healthy taxes and they employ lots of people. That's our selling point. That's our story. And we'll take it where we can make money in the future, and we'll do so with great respect. And we'll do so with a lot of sensitivity to the communities in which we operate our business. Those are the guiding principles of who we are. The numbers that we publish speak for themselves. And I think it's okay to take questions now. And Matt, and Ian -- Matt is here with Gamal and Marilyn. Our leadership in Las Vegas is here. Scott Peterson, our CFO, is here to discuss the details of our business, if you're interested in asking questions. And Ian and Robert Gansmo -- Ian Coughlan in Macau and Robert are on the call. And I'll open this for questions now.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Shaun Kelley with Bank of America.
Shaun C. Kelley - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Steve, I just wanted to start by asking about Cotai. Obviously, it's a huge milestone to get the construction approval and to be able to move ahead there. So could you just walk us through what a few of the kind of the upcoming milestones are here, in terms of what some of the dates are around driving piles and kind of the next phase beyond that? And in particular, what's the labor situation like with 2 other projects, probably already kind of in the ground and moving on Cotai? And the flexibility around labor, in particular, would be helpful.
Stephen A. Wynn: Sure. First of all, as I say, we start construction this week, which we call hard construction as opposed to site work. The foundation of Cotai -- having dried out the property which took quite a bit of time and $30 million, the next phase now is the creation of the foundation. It's a landfill, as you know. And to give you an example, if you like trivia, the caissons that support the high-rise building, they're every 40 feet going sideways. And they are 4 across the tower, one on each window wall and then 2 inside the building. So these caissons are 10 feet in diameter and because -- and we have to hit bedrock. And those caissons are columns of concrete reinforced with rebar in a steel casing. And they go down in our high-rise at a minimum of 78 meters and at a maximum of 92 meters, to give you an idea how deep these holes are. The public area -- the 3 levels of public area and the podium building are supported by piles, which are basically either steel or concrete-reinforced columns that are nails, that are pounded into the ground 5 or 6 at a time, brought together as if you put your fingers on the table, spreading your fingers, the top of your hand would be the pile cap. And then we drive all these piles. And we put a cap on top of them, and we rest the garage and the public areas on top of them. That process of getting out of the ground and building the one layer of subterranean parking is going to take close to 1 year. Once we get into that phase at the end of '13, then we go up with the high-rise and the rest of the building at a remarkably rapid pace. And we do more than one floor a week and go up 20-odd floors to full height. So it goes very fast. The trick is getting out of the ground, and that will take most of '13. And then '14 and '15, we'll finish the job and get that structures and the interiors installed. So the labor situation for this phase has been handled already. As you know, we're financed at less than 2% for this project and we were this past summer. And finally, the government has been very cooperative in giving us the labor we need to do the next phase of our construction. So I think that the government -- you've noticed, many of you, the rather slow progress of the approval process. That has been a process controlled by the government, specifically, to meet the scale of labor that's needed. And so the government, in controlling the approval process, has taken into account the kinds of labor approvals they're going to have to give us. And they've done it efficiently and correctly and cooperatively. So I don't see a labor problem in our future. We've never had one in the past, I might add. In spite of some of the publicity that surrounded other projects, we've never had to struggle with labor. We've been able to get the help we need for our construction companies and for our subs. And our buildings have pretty much proceeded on schedule. We have no reason to think that this one's going to be any different. I hope, Mr. Kelley, that's a satisfying answer.
Shaun C. Kelley - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: That's great. And then the second question was just on kind of, given your prepared remarks around some of your looking at new urban concepts. I couldn't help but notice that you guys made a fairly high profile, higher relatively, recently. So kind of wondering, as you think about the Wynn brand going forward, would -- to spin the question a little differently, would you ever consider the hospitality business without the gaming element to it, as you look at some of the larger cities and some of the needs that are out there? Just curious on that.
Stephen A. Wynn: I think there are one or -- my answer would be, no, with 1 or 2 exceptions. I have, for the past 10 or 15 years, relished the idea of having a new hotel in London. That city is probably one of the greatest places in the world for average daily rate. And it's a city with, as you know, with highly protected historical landmark buildings. It's very difficult to get a site in London that you can demolish and build anew. If I had the chance in Mayfair or in the right location in London to build a hotel, I think I'd love to do it. Of course, you can always apply for a gaming license and put a small room of baccarat and roulette tables in there, which would be fringe or icing on the cake. But I'd say that London is a great hotel town. New York City is a whole story unto itself. I'm not sure if I'm as clear on New York as in the non-casino sense as I would be in a place like London. But generally speaking, you know we're in this business, Mr. Kelley, and that's pretty much where I want to stay. We understand this part of it. And what I really love about the gaming aspect is that the gaming room, however subordinate may be, is still -- the revenue from such a room is still the thing that allows us to light up the city, bring people and build a new hotel, bring people in from outside the area. In Philadelphia, they have a group of casinos, for example. Some of them are owned by friends of mine. But basically, they're boxes of slots. They have a high tax rate for slot machines in Pennsylvania. But they have a much more reasonable tax rate for table games. Table game business is not a big deal in that city at the moment. As you know, many of those places were built before they allowed table games. But our hotel is conceived as a hotel. We'll be able to bring people from outside the region, who will come for conventions or other reasons to Philadelphia, to stay in our hotel. And because I have beautiful rooms, I can put a table player in there and take advantage of a preferential tax rate and get table business. On the Acela train, it's 66 minutes from Penn Station to 30th Street Station. And we're 10 minutes away from 30th Street Station. If you think about that for a minute, Philadelphia takes on a little different color. And speaking as a Philadelphian, as far as my 4 years of school at the University, I think that's a good idea. We had this fabulous, 70-acre site on the Delaware River, and there's a brand-new $0.75 billion interchange on I-95 that dumps directly across the street into our property. It's a very, very desirable, provocative situation. And that would be done at about the same time our hotel is done. I like that set up. But it is a casino hotel at the end of the day. It's an integrated destination as supposed to slots in a box.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Joe Greff with JPMorgan.
Joseph Greff - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Steve, the Las Vegas results, I thought, were encouraging. Can you share with us what you're experiencing, thus far, early in 2013 and share what that is -- maybe what you're seeing on the group side. And from a bookings perspective, last year in Las Vegas, I guess you could characterize the environment as being a little bit uneven with certainly strength in the baccarat and nightclub segment and then room rates up and down, depending on what's going on in the city. If you can share with us what you're seeing there, that would be helpful.
Stephen A. Wynn: I'm going to let Marilyn deal with that because she's so confident and on top of it.
Marilyn Spiegel: So Joe, obviously, the convention business is the one that allows us the most stability to forecast what's going on. We feel really good about 2013. We are tracking above in room nights. We're tracking above in rates. And we're seeing the same kind of strength going on into 2014. So that's going to lay the base, and we hope that's going to really maximize a great hotel year. Obviously, we will still be focused on bringing in hotel guests, who want to engage in every part of our non-gaming business. Super Bowl this weekend, and we are heartened with the business that we have coming in for Super Bowl. The Chinese New Year is right around the bend. So we're very hopeful for a great first quarter.
Joseph Greff - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Great. Steve, you spent a decent amount of time on this call talking about urban Wynn, Philadelphia and Boston and other cities that you didn't mention. When you look at your return thresholds, return on invested capital criteria, how do you think about those things?
Stephen A. Wynn: It's a good question. Take a place like Philadelphia, you spend $800 million or $900 million or $1 billion. You borrow 6 -- you borrow $650 million at great rates today. Good idea to borrow money at these rates. And you put up $300 million or $400 million in equity, and you make $175 million. We can't get a return on equity like that. And if you can get that kind of a return on equity, you ought to keep building those hotels. It lays a base of a long-term franchise. These -- once you get one of these hotels that's up and running and established, their future is better than their past. Tomorrow is better than today, and the day after tomorrow is better. That's the whole point of this. I don't trust slots in a box. That's why I've never done a riverboat or a racino. Not our business, not interested. But a hotel, a place that has the full range of services that people learn to like, and even people that don't gamble who live in the city go to dinner. We get tremendous average rates in our restaurants. We make money with our restaurants. There's nothing wrong with that in cities like Philadelphia and Boston, with all those kids in college, all those people visiting Boston from around the world. I love the Boston market. I think it's a terrific opportunity for our company to make a great contribution to the touristic profile of those cities, bringing people from outside the region into the region and creating places for the people who live in the city that are fun to go, week in and week out, even if they're not hooked on a slot machine or a gambling game of some kind. And these kinds of things -- these values would apply to any major urban center, like Toronto, like Dallas, Houston, Atlanta, Chicago. We could be a very good neighbor in those cities. We could make a significant contribution to the tourism, the employment and the revenues that those governments enjoy with our brand. And whenever possible, we'll take our story to those cities. We'll put our cards on the table. We'll present a project that's appropriately designed with as much excitement and originality as we can muster and hope that we get picked. These processes -- very often, these processes are political in nature and factors come to bear that are not things within our own control. But I'm always excited and anxious to put our cards on the table, make our presentation and hope that we'll get accepted for who we are. But we avoid hyperbole. We avoid -- last week, I got a phone call in my office. It was on a weekend. And I was in Sun Valley, Idaho. And my secretary said, "Tomorrow, will you please accept a call at a fixed time from the president of Forbes Five-Star rating service?" I said, "Sure." I got on the phone with this wonderful man, he said, "Mr. Wynn, I wanted to give you the good news in person before we release it publicly. But we've just added Encore Macau, the hotel and the spa, each with a Five-Star rating. One of the only 4 Five-Stars in China was held by Wynn Hotel and Wynn Macau Spa. And now you have 2 hotels in Macau, both of which have received Five-Star ratings in the hotel and in the spa. You enjoy Five-Star ratings in Wynn Las Vegas with your spa and your Tower Suites. And now you've also got Five-Stars in Encore Las Vegas and Encore Spa. That means that you've got 4 hotels, each with Five-Star ratings in 2 locations. That gives you 40 stars." And to use his words precisely, "That's the most on the globe." Well, I said, "I'm sure excited to get this phone call to have all those Five-Star ratings complete across the board. They're very important to us. They tell the public who we are. They're consistent with our aspirations and our brand. And thank you very much for the phone call." That was this past week. That's where we're going. It's a little slower, a little more meticulous. But it builds a base on which this company can enjoy a franchise and longevity.
Joseph Greff - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Matt, one final quick one. How much of the $2 billion in cash at quarter end was held in Macau?
Matt Maddox: 75%.
Operator: And your next question comes from Carlo Santarelli with Deutsche Bank.
Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Marilyn, if I could just follow up on the prior question, as it pertained to Las Vegas and some of the business that you're seeing, especially in the first half on the group convention side and out into '14. Do you feel that, that's more Wynn-specific? Or are you seeing that more broad based across the market and you guys are getting an ordinary share of that?
Marilyn Spiegel: That's -- I wish I could tell, because you don't know what your competitors are booking. I mean, we have a confined amount of meeting space. And we enjoy a position to be next to the Las Vegas Convention and Visitors Bureau. So we find ourselves to be the host hotel now of many of the conventions that used to be housed closer on Paradise Road. So that's been great for us. There are a lot of hotel rooms between Las Vegas [indiscernible] to The Venetian and Palazzo and the Wynn. And so we see many of the very high-end conventions coming here. So we see a lot of technology. We love technology. We see pharmaceuticals and those conventions are great. They access and utilize every part. Yesterday, our entire spa was sold out with massages. And today, our entire golf course was sold out with golf. So I don't know what the rest of them are doing, but we have to wait for each quarter's earnings to find out.
Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Great, that's helpful. And for Ian or Robert, just quickly, I know you guys opened your second-floor VIP room not too long ago. I was just wondering how the reception has been to that. And if the incremental tables actually have come online, I see the number actually trended down a little bit sequentially by about 4 tables. And I was just wondering if we should expect to see the full 504 being deployed on a go-forward basis.
Ian Michael Coughlan: So the new junket space on the first floor has been performing very well, but if -- tables that have resulted from a reshuffling of tables elsewhere in the building. So it isn't necessarily 14 incremental tables. It's 14 tables that we're getting higher yield out of by removing tables from elsewhere in the property. So it's part of our continuing efforts to increase yield from our existing gaming units.
Stephen A. Wynn: And we're having a very healthy January in Macau. Even though last year, Chinese New Year was in January, we're beating last year. And without Chinese New Year, we're going to have $100 million month. I guess, I'm given some advanced notice. We're going to have, I think, $100 million month in Macau this month.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Felicia Hendrix with Barclays.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Ian, while we have you, and we know you're awake there early this morning, Steve spoke earlier or at the beginning of the call about focusing more on profitability than revenue market share. And along those lines, I was definitely pleasantly surprised by the margin results that you guys produced in Macau. Margins were flat year-over-year despite lower revenues. Obviously, mix always plays a role but your margins are still better than we were expecting. So in spite of the competition, just wondering if you could talk about what kind of things you are doing in Macau to offset the dilutive impact of the competitive environment and, especially, since that's going to persist for some time.
Ian Michael Coughlan: The big focus that we have being 6 years old and being almost at capacity in terms of the facility is the enhancement of service quality and the maintenance of the facility and the reinvestment in the facility, which, I think, now that everybody's revealed their new junket rooms, their new mass market, high-limit areas, it's going to come down to service quality and delivery. So that's going to be the tone of 2013. We certainly had efficiencies in FTEs, which are down fairly considerably on the same quarter last year, but none of it has been at the expense of service. It's been through some very good technological improvements in our gaming systems. It's understanding our business better, and we will never sacrifice service. But we will continue to look at how we can improve margins.
Stephen A. Wynn: We had, last year, an interesting experience. Marc Schorr came home and said, "Steve, I went to see the new VIP slot room at Galaxy. Boy, did they do a good job." And all we've done, basically, is put our high-limit machines in a certain area, so the customers could have a convenience. But we don't have a high-limit slot room like the one you built in Las Vegas that produced such stunning results this year for us and is currently producing great results for us in Las Vegas. He said, "We need one." I said, "Okay, Marc. You're right. We got to catch up with the other guys." And so we sat down, and we designed a drop-dead, high-limit slot room. When is it going to be done, Ian?
Ian Michael Coughlan: It's being done in 3 phases so we don't impact our current business levels. So phase 1 has just completed; phase 2 will begin after Chinese New Year and finish in mid-April; and phase 3, which includes the addition of private slots suites, will finish in August of this year.
Stephen A. Wynn: So there's a case where we had to play catch-up because the boys down the street got smarter, and they really do in China. But to give you an idea, I think we -- did we open Miu Miu, Ian?
Ian Michael Coughlan: It opens next week, Steve.
Stephen A. Wynn: Okay, here's the space that we re-purposed. To give you an idea what -- about the vitality of the Chinese market, you'll all get a kick out of this. We had 2,000 square feet. We had a very big coffee shop and buffet. It was too big for what we needed. So the front of it, which is adjacent to the lobby and across Louis Vuitton, was 2,000 feet that we could -- it was easily -- the coffee shop was separated into 2 chambers. One that opened onto the pool and had a buffet, and the one on the front opened up onto the shopping arcade. So we took the front part, the 2,000 square feet, and we said, "Okay, we're going to turn it into retail." 2,000 feet. I made a deal with Prada, and they paid for 2,000 feet. Dig this: $6 million a year, $500,000 a month for 2,000 feet. Welcome to Macau.
Unknown Executive: Steve, I also think it's important that...
Stephen A. Wynn: They just started paying rent.
Unknown Executive: I think it's important that everyone also understands that we're using our capital to improve our resort by doing every room, all the hotel space are in the remodeling phase right now.
Stephen A. Wynn: Yes, the hotel is 5 years old -- it's 6 years old. It's time, as we did in Las Vegas, to do the refurbishment. And we're going to follow the plan, the decorating, because the hotel at the Wynn Macau is the same-size room as Wynn Las Vegas. We're going to use the scheme that we have here and it has been well received in town here. We upgraded our interiors and made the rooms much more beautiful on the second time around, even better than they were when we opened, which was great. And we're going to use that decor and that scheme in Macau. And that's going to come up now.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And if I may, Gamal, I wanted to welcome and congratulate you. And I know it's early, but hopefully, maybe you could talk to us about some of your thoughts about your new role and your view on the current growth of the company?
Gamal Aziz: Thank you very much, Felicia. This is really an opportunity to expand the brand at a time where there's a great sense of confidence in the future. And I know that Steve had shared with you a couple of the opportunities that we're pursuing. We're pursuing others and with the goal to succeed in going beyond what we have been doing. There is a tremendous reception to the brand, just in my first 10 days. And having visited Philadelphia and Boston, we see a tremendous appreciation for our participation in this market and a hunger for what we do. So I expect that in the next few calls, we'll be sharing with you what we're working on. But for the time being, as Steve has shared, we're working on Boston and working on Philadelphia. And we'll continue to grow that list.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Cameron McKnight with Wells Fargo.
Cameron Philip Sean McKnight - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Steve or, perhaps, Ian, we've seen a fair amount of macro indicators in China improve over the past couple of months. When you guys sit down with customers, what's the pulse you're getting and what's the sense you're getting in terms of people's outlook?
Stephen A. Wynn: This question was asked of us in previous calls last -- in 2012. And the suggestion was made that China was precipitous on the edge of an adjustment. Some words were even as strong as collapse. And we said that based upon our conversations with our clientele, which represented a broad range of businessmen from every part of China, that we didn't feel that. We didn't think that was going to happen. And we thought that the central government was alert, responsive and responsible. That's been a pattern for the past 12 years, as far as I've been able to perceive in China. And so we were positive in the face of questions that had negative implications. Now you see a robust growth rate in the Macau market, and people are talking about China differently. Nothing's changed. Just the conversation changed. We didn't see a problem before. And I don't feel one, at least on the level that we operate. We don't feel that there's a problem now. We feel the sense -- I speak to Mr. Adelson, and I speak to Jim Murren, and we all sort of agreed that the news in China is healthy. The news in Asia is healthy and most likely to continue. So that's the kind of feedback we're getting. I'd be happy to share anything else, if I had it, with you. But I -- there's a possibility that I'm being a Pollyanna and that my exposure is limited, so that I don't get a big enough picture. But on my board in China are a couple of very, very well-connected, very sophisticated men. Allan Zeman is building projects in 5 major cities. He's the Vice Chairman of the Macau Board, from Chengdu to Guangzhou to outside Singapore with Jeffrey Katzenberg and Steve Spielberg, and in 4 other cities. And he spoke to me the other day, it was my birthday, and he gave me a call. And he was breathless with the expansion and the excitement in the cities of China that he himself was experiencing with his business, city by city, party secretary by party secretary and mayor by mayor. Allan was glowing. Bruce Rockowitz is the President of Li & Fung, the largest sourcing company in the world. He has been named on Baron's Magazine as one of the 30 Best CEOs in the World. Bruce Rockowitz is on my board. Jeffrey Lam and Nick Sallnow-Smith, they have been in government, the President of Hongkong Land. Nick and Jeffrey say the same thing to me, so I don't think that I've got blinders on or that I'm stuck in a corner somewhere. But I don't claim to be a macroeconomist. But I haven't heard any predictions of doom or big, cloudy forecasts that I read about in the United States last year. And I think, today, though some of those clouds have gone away, people have a more accurate view. One of the problems we have in the United States is, generally speaking, even among sophisticated segments of the population, the understanding of modern China -- of the People's Republic of China, is way, way behind the curve. China has progressed politically and economically, commercially, far beyond where people are giving them credit for today. It's a very sophisticated place and as near as I can tell, very well led by the government. They tend to be practical. They spent -- they tend to be very empirical and alert and quickly, quickly responsive. Maybe it's the advantage of their form of government, and -- but it's clearly the case. I hope that's helpful.
Cameron Philip Sean McKnight - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: That's very helpful. And then just as a quick follow-on, Steve, you last spoke about competition in the market in Macau about 6 months ago. Do you sense that level of competition has increased since then or remained relatively the same?
Stephen A. Wynn: Murder tough. Oh, those guys have blood in their eye. I mean, how would you like to compete with Francis Lui and Packer and the Hos and Sheldon Adelson. I mean, these are tough guys. And they are paying attention to business. I don't know about anything else. I got to tell you that the guys in the gaming industry in Asia are triple sharp. They haven't missed a trick. I was listening to Sheldon's call yesterday. I mean, you don't get numbers like that unless you're on your game. And it's true of Galaxy. Those companies are not American. Maybe we don't have as much visibility as we should, but I have an awful clear sense. The Lui family and Francis Lui that runs the family's business, he has brothers that run their business in San Francisco in the United States. The father is one of the leading property men in Hong Kong. That whole family controls Galaxy and they are on their game. I think the competition -- it's very, very tough, but it's very healthy. I told you that Marc Schorr comes home and says, "Uh-oh. We're $1 short and a day late on the high-limit slot room. We got to kick it." We don't get to talk about that for months or ignore it. We have to respond now on the spot, no kidding around, and we've got to bring our best game to the table. So I like it that way to tell you the truth. We've had a long history of being in competitive environments. Fremont Street, we made more money than all the other places put together. Atlantic City, we made more money the first quarter we were open there than the other 4 places combined. The Strip, we've always had the best hotel on the Strip in Las Vegas. We broke -- the largest win in the history of Nevada after Caesars Palace was Mirage, its first year. It broke the $400 million level. Then the first year of Bellagio broke the $600 million level of gaming revenue. In 2007, we broke the $700 million level at $724 million in Wynn. Last year, we broke the record again at $770 million for the history of gaming in Nevada with $770 million with Wynn and Encore. And we did it again this year at $766 million or something like that. Better than last year, if you adjust for whole percentage. So in each case, we've always functioned in very competitive environments and our competitors have lifted our game. They forced us to really reach. That's a healthy thing for the communities, such as Atlantic City or Las Vegas or Macau. It's a healthy thing. What's not healthy are monopolies. Monopolies cause people to be slobs. They don't pay attention to business. They take everything for granted, their employees, their customers. And that's unhealthy. It doesn't lead to a better future. That's not the story in Macau today. Macau is on the move. And as good as it looks, it's going to get better with these projects that are under construction and that have come online. You haven't felt the full impact of some of the places that have just been opened in Macau. We haven't felt the full impact of the efforts of Adelson, his company, the Sands. We haven't felt the full impact of Galaxy. We sure as hell haven't felt the full impact of Wynn yet. So the future looks pretty good to me.
Ian Michael Coughlan: Just a couple of factors in Macau, Steve, that are also being slightly overlooked. One is that, for at least the next 24 months, there is no further casino spaces opening. So everybody has time to stabilize, understand the market better while it's still growing. The second thing is the development of infrastructure in Macau. It's going to be completely transformed in terms of the arrival experience for customers, their ability to get around town. In the next 4 years, it will be remarkable what's happening here with new ferry terminals, connectivity via bridge to Hong Kong. We've got high-speed train connectivity into Zhuhai. And we've got our light rail system, which is being built all around town right now, the phase 1, which tackles 2 sides of our property in Cotai. So the city is going to be transformed.
Stephen A. Wynn: We're the first stop in Cotai from the ferry terminal and the airport. And the stop is right in the middle of the lake that we're building, that's roughly the size of Bellagio. And at the bottom of the escalator from that monorail, from that light rail system, we have put a Doppelmayr gondola car that has music and air-conditioning. And the people get in the gondolas and they go around the fountains into the hotel, looking at the fountains and looking down at our pool area, while the music plays and the fountains dance. We are meeting, in many, many new ways, the challenge of our neighbors and hoping to get the folks that are in the other hotels to also experience our own. And all of this is such a great fun.
Operator: And your next question comes from Robin Farley with UBS.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: I wanted to ask you what kind of impact you're maybe seeing from the partial smoking ban at the beginning of the month? You mentioned what a great month it's been, $100 million month in January. I wondered if you could give us a sense of how much of that is coming from kind of VIP resurgence versus the mass market, just to get a sense of how the smoking ban may be impacting things and how VIP maybe resurging.
Stephen A. Wynn: Robin, I'd like to have Ian and Robert Gansmo deal with that, if I may.
Ian Michael Coughlan: Sure. On the 1st of January, the new smoking law came into play, which bans smoking in 50% of the square footage of casino space in the city. Frankly, looking at the numbers, anecdotal evidence, consumer feedback, it's been very marginal in terms of effect to the business. We haven't seen anything at this point that makes us unduly concerned. We've worked very closely with the government as have our competitors to make sure it was a smooth a process as possible. And the Chinese consumers seem to be readily accepting of the fact that we have dedicated smoking zones, and they've received this fairly well. Clearly, for employees, it's been a huge boost for them.
Stephen A. Wynn: Incidentally...
Ian Michael Coughlan: So far, so good.
Stephen A. Wynn: Incidentally, in anticipation of the worldwide issue with secondary smoke, all of our junket rooms in our Wynn Club, our highest part of our gambling in Macau, are rooms that overlook on our lake and our fountains and each of them has exterior terraces for dining and smoking outside. That ability for all of our junket rooms to have exterior smoking terraces and restaurants that are indoor or outdoor dining, that's a new wrinkle that we put into -- I'm just touching a few of the points. That's a new wrinkle we've put into Cotai, that all of our high-limit games are waterfront. All of them. A lot of fun there, if you think about it, both in being a spectator to the music and the excitement and the lighting system that's all new. It really isn't like Bellagio. It's far more advanced. But coupled with the fact that you could be outside watching it, and while you're outside on the terrace, having a cigarette or having coffee. If you look up over the fountains, you'll see the people arriving in gondola cars, cruising by, looking down at the same thing that they're looking at before they enter the building and take the escalator into our shopping arcade. So this business of smoking is something that isn't going to go away, nor should it, in my view. I think that, despite the fact that I smoke cigars on occasions, I think that for people who don't smoke and the evidence about secondary smoke clearly indicates that governments are going to be more and more fastidious about trying to deal with this subject.
Ian Michael Coughlan: Robin, the January growth has been balanced throughout all segments. So it wasn't heavily weighted to VIP any more than it normally is. So we've had healthy growth in all sectors.
Stephen A. Wynn: Matt, do you want to talk about last year in mass market?
Matt Maddox: Yes, sure. So there's been a lot of expansion in the market on the mass and VIP side. And we've continued to grow our mass market business. Our penetration in the mass market is still 1.25x our tables relative to our revenue. And on the marketing side, we're running very smart programs. So it's extremely profitable. Our mass market business continues to perform very well in Macau.
Operator: And your final question comes from the line of Thomas Allen with Morgan Stanley.
Thomas Allen - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: One of your competitors said yesterday they plan to open a new Cotai property at end of 2015. And you might have other properties opening around the same time as yours. Would you want some of kind of buffer between the openings? And if so, for how long? And then a second question on the Cotai opening, how confident are you in receiving approval for extra tables from the government for that property?
Stephen A. Wynn: First question, would I like a buffer? Yes, by about 20 years, but I'm not going to get it. I'd like them to leave us alone for 20 years, but that's not going to happen so that's the world we live in. We're living in it today. Nothing's changing. And the second part of the question was?
Unknown Executive: He asked about the tables in Cotai.
Stephen A. Wynn: Oh, the tables. Will we get our tables for our hotels? Yes, we will. Our plans, our tables, our casino layout has been approved by the government. They don't let you build the building and not give you tables in China. That's part of the approval process. They look at the whole picture, and then they take that into account. Thanks, everybody. That's the end of the questioning. We look forward talking to you next time.
Operator: And this concludes today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-10-24 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Matt Maddox - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Treasurer Stephen A. Wynn - Founder,Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, Chairman of Wynn Macau Limited, Chief Executive Officer of Wynn Macau Limited and President of Wynn Macau Limited  Robert Gansmo - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Marc D. Schorr - Chief Operating Officer, Director, Member of Gaming Compliance Committee and Director of Wynn Macau Ltd
Analysts: Joseph Greff - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Shaun C. Kelley - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division Steven E. Kent - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Thomas Frank Marsico - Marsico Capital Management, LLC Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Wynn Resorts Third Quarter 2012 Earnings Call. Joining the call on behalf of the company today are Steve Wynn, Marc Schorr, John Strzemp, Matt Maddox, Merilyn Spiegel, Scott Peterson and Robert Gansmo, CFO of Wynn Macau. [Operator Instructions] Now I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Maddox. Please go ahead, sir.
Matt Maddox: Thank you, and good afternoon, everyone. I'd like to first apologize for being a few minutes late. We were just rounding everyone up in both China and here in Las Vegas. Before we get started, I just need to remind everybody that we will be making forward-looking statements under the Safe Harbor of Federal Securities law, and those statements may or may not come true. With that, I'm going to go ahead and turn it over to Steve for opening remarks.
Stephen A. Wynn: Well, I think everybody has got the numbers. It was a good performance in Las Vegas this past quarter. We're catching up with the whole percentage, which was abnormally low for the first half of the year. And as is usually the case, those things even themselves out and we're getting back where we should be. And if you normalize last year, which was high, abnormally high, and you normalize this year, which was abnormally low for the 9 months, we're ahead of where we were before. Our volumes in Las Vegas are satisfactory and improving slightly, ever so slightly. And we're enjoying the advantages of being a niche operator, so our average rates are higher. And we're satisfied with our hotel, food and beverage, and gaming results under the circumstances, considering what's going on in the country. In China, for 9 months, we're dead-even with where we were last year. And we're quite incredibly almost within $1 million in terms of EBITDA for 9 months, roughly $100 million a month. And that's the level that we've been operating at for some time. And considering that there was so much new capacity added this past year, most of it taking aim at the same kind of customers, I'm heartened by that. We feel the strain of competition in certain areas, like our high limit slots, where our brethren at Cotai have done a very nice job in their high-limit slot rooms, which caused us to revisit our high-limit slot area. And that will be fixed shortly where we'll be, as usual, prettier, I hope, than the other guys. But at the moment, the level of competition in Macau is terrific. I mean, the people that have built the new hotels, Galaxy and Venetian, they have really done a good job, and they built very, very nice places. And everybody is on their game over there, thinking about how to please customers and learning from their competition. And so it's a tight game in Macau, and no place to take your eye off the ball for even a minute. And I don't think that we are and -- I've got full confidence in our organization that we will continue to garner more than our share of the business and stay more than competitive. We're underway at Cotai. And I think, generally speaking, the numbers and the information about our existing operations speak for themselves. We did announce a special dividend of $8 a share to be given to our shareholders straight away. The record date is all part of our announcement. And with that, we've also decided, at the recommendation of some of the members of our board, that a lot of attention these days is being placed on yield. Debt is paying so little. Treasuries are, of course, yielding virtually nothing, at least for the moment. And so the bond market is not a really great place for investors these days, considering the dividend levels -- the interest levels, rather. So instead, there's a lot of attention being paid to stocks that have good, strong, consistent predictable yield. And we feel that we can be predictable and have a nice yield at $4 a share a year or $1 a quarter. So we're changing our dividend policy beginning in 2013 in the first quarter to $1 a quarter or $4 a year. And if business continues to ramp up and improve, as economic conditions allow and as we add elements to our portfolio, then we'll increase the regular dividend. And that's a strategy I'd like to follow, and I think it's probably a good idea. It'll also allow us to be eligible for inclusion on some of the lists that funds invest in that are dividend-type funds. So for those reasons we made that decision, and it's now public. I think that covers everything of current importance, unless my friends at the table or in China want to add anything. This will be a good time, if there's any announcements or comments we want to make other than taking questions. Matt, Marc, Scott, Kim, no? But then our stockholders meeting is in a few days here in Las Vegas, and that appears to be a very normal course of the business activity that will not be marked by drama or anything other -- anything else unusual. Our proxies are in hand. I don't think anything exciting is on the horizon that could compare to this year's election. So we'll take questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Joe Greff with JPMorgan.
Joseph Greff - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Steve or Ian, in Macau, I was hoping you can just give us an update in terms of what you're seeing on the collection side, either on a direct basis or what you understand on a junket basis. Are you seeing anything that would suggest that collections are improving or stabilizing? And then I have a couple of follow-ups.
Stephen A. Wynn: [indiscernible]
Robert Gansmo: Yes.
Stephen A. Wynn: Robert, that's our Chief Financial Officer, Joe. He pays special attention to this as does Marc Schorr and Ian and I. But Robert, you can get right to the point. Now you've -- how's that -- you want to answer that question?
Robert Gansmo: Sure. I mean, look, we all know that credit has tightened in the marketplace, and so I think we've been probably more prudent than we had been in the past. And we've always had a conservative philosophy, and we continue that. Consequently, our collection rates haven't suffered.
Stephen A. Wynn: That answers your question, Joe?
Joseph Greff - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: It does. And then, Matt, on the dividend announcements, I guess that's plural, at least with the special dividend, how are you sourcing that? Is that largely on the cash that you have here in the U.S., or are you looking at utilizing some of the cash or cash flow from Macau?
Matt Maddox: There's plenty of cash in United States right now to fund these dividends. And so our board in Macau will be meeting later in the quarter to discuss the Wynn Macau dividend policy.
Joseph Greff - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay, great. And then how much of the cash at the end of the third quarter relates to its -- to your Macau operations?
Matt Maddox: At the -- what I would say is, post dividend, which is probably more relevant after the $800 million, the Wynn Macau will have roughly $1.4 billion of cash, and United States will have close to $500 million. So we'll have about $1.9 billion of cash post dividend.
Operator: Your next question comes from Shaun Kelley with Bank of America.
Shaun C. Kelley - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Matt, just one more on the dividend, while we're kind of on the subject. But just kind of -- can you help us think about what -- is there kind of a targeted payout ratio from here or going forward? And how will this impact special dividend policy going forward? You guys have been actually pretty consistent on the special dividend. I do know it's special. But just kind of what we should think about in the future on that as the recurring has been boosted here?
Stephen A. Wynn: Well, I think I will answer that one myself. This conversation has taken place between myself and Matt and Kim Sinatra and the board, which includes Linda Chen and Marc Schorr. And we've been trying to figure out what was the most intelligent way to do it. We believe that companies should make money for their shareholders, period. That's the reason we exist. And to create safe, steady, secure jobs for the people that make the enterprise breathe, our staff. As long as we keep our staff healthy and safe, we'd like to give the shareholders of this company the maximum benefit possible from the company's operations. And I say that because so many of us on the board are shareholders, including key members of management, have most of their net worth invested in the company's stock. So we think like shareholders. The -- it's clear that dividends are a good form of savings. And so therefore, distributions of companies under the current tax policy are intelligent. If -- and so the dividend policy of companies are very often affected by the tax policies of the government. When the taxes on the dividends are too high, then companies don't distribute, the shareholders don't get the dividends and Uncle Sam doesn't get the tax on the dividends. Instead, the companies keep the money in and use it for other things. Sometimes, that's a good policy and sometimes, it isn't. Now we've been able to keep a balanced program of growth and investment in our industry and our properties, as well as giving -- having distributions because we've been very fortunate to have healthy businesses. Going forward, I think that the basic attitude that we've had is still valid: protect and allow for growth, for the safety of our employees in terms of their job security; make sure that as we expand and undertake new projects that we have proper capital structure; and then any excess capital should be distributed, provided that, that distribution doesn't cause our shareholders to have a confiscatory tax consequence. So when the government put in the 15% tax rate for dividends, it caused a lot of companies to distribute money and a lot of dividend taxes to be paid. I'm not sure the same thing will happen if the tax policy changes dramatically. And what we'll do at this company is measure our earnings, our capital responsibilities and our feeling about what you and I would call excess capital, excess cash flow, and make a balanced decision. Right now, as you can understand, we're anxiously awaiting the activities of the lame duck tax discussion to take place in Washington which, of course, would be affected by the election. Other than that, I really don't have anything else to offer. It's a bit of an uncertain time as it has been for many months, very difficult to do long-range planning with a government that moves as much as this does on so many issues.
Shaun C. Kelley - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: No, I think that's pretty clear, Steve. And maybe if I could just switch gears and ask about kind of the operation in Macau real briefly. I guess, as I looked at just the table counts sequentially and the slot count sequentially, I think you alluded to it on the premium slot business a little bit. Just kind of -- is there some opportunity on -- we noticed that Mass obviously showed some sequential improvement this quarter after being under a little pressure. But VIP volumes were a little lighter than we expected. So just kind of anything you guys are doing on either targeting new junket business or moving more tables over to the Mass side?
Stephen A. Wynn: I'm glad you mentioned that, really, because I had forgotten. We had stuff out of service in Macau during the last quarter: retail, some food and beverage and some junket space. And we have a brand-new stunning junket space that is going to open, I guess, in a few days.
Marc D. Schorr: First week of November.
Stephen A. Wynn: First week of November. We have a brand-new junket space that folks are taking from international and the international group. And it's sort of a precursor of what we're doing in Cotai. We experimented, we found this wonderful space on the second floor, and we've taken about 1 year to redo it and to reconstruct it. And it has gorgeous windows that look out on the Main Boulevard across at our neighbors at the Lisboa Hotel. And this new junket space is going to kick in with one of the major powerful operators in China in just a few days. We also juggled around some other space that we moved and so we had some of our tables down. And that impacted us on the high end. I think that you'll see in the first quarter, and part of the fourth quarter, the impact of that. I want to again, repeat that we had never really put the kind of heavyweight focus on high-limit slots that some of our competitors did lately. And when they opened up those high-limit slot rooms, they were very well received by our customers. At one level, at the very, very, very high level of slot business, we control a great deal of the market. But there's -- in that high-limit description, there's sort of a meaty, thicker part of that group, and we lost some of that business because our facilities weren't as sexy as our competitors. And I think you'll trust me when I tell you that we know how to fix that, and we have finished the drawings, and that work is underway. And Marc, when is it finished?
Marc D. Schorr: It should be finished, hopefully, by Chinese New Year [indiscernible], by February, March next year.
Stephen A. Wynn: This coming Chinese New Year?
Marc D. Schorr: This coming Chinese New Year.
Stephen A. Wynn: Yes, we'll be back in action by Chinese New Year with that correction. And so I think that, that business will start to climb back up where it should be.
Operator: Your next question comes from Carlo Santarelli with Deutsche Bank.
Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: [Audio Gap] remarks. I was just wondering, as it does pertain to your VIP business, do you guys feel as though we've hit an inflection point as it pertains to maybe share going away from new competitor openings and maybe some neighbors being a little bit more aggressive? And as well as if we take that in light with your comments on obviously having some tables out of service in the quarter?
Stephen A. Wynn: Look, if anybody in my industry stands up and says publicly or privately that they're absolutely certain that they can stop someone else from cutting into their business, then they're inexperienced and unsophisticated. It is a battle every day. It's a constant, constant struggle against very smart people about the use of credit, the deployment of facilities, the competitive use of discounts, that is to say, screwing with the price. All of these things are moving all the time in Macau and in Las Vegas. The worst thing that happens is that when one player achieves a good deal of dominance, as we have in the past in the sector, well, it drives the competition to extreme response sometimes because they get frustrated. And when they do, sometimes they overreach. It happens in entertainment. It happens with disc jockeys in nightclubs. It happens with big customers in a Baccarat game. The fellows that -- the men and women who have the second-tier property or the property that's trailing, they get frustrated and they try and buy the business using a number of techniques. That, of course, immediately rebounds to us, and our sales and marketing people say, "Oh, well, so and so gave this customer or this junket operator this. We're going lose some business if we don't equal the price." And at that moment, in every business in the world, regardless of what industry we're talking about, the rubber hits the road, and it usually comes to the boss or to the top people in the company. If we could only lower the price, if we could only give away a little more, then we won't lose this businesses and we'll keep this volume. Everybody fights for the top line. The government in Macau publishes these numbers every Monday with market share, top line. And that, of course, gets played against the executives of each company. Why are we now -- why are we 12 instead of 14? Or why are we -- why with all of our casinos, aren't we doing better against Wynn or whatever? Well, I don't think there's a CEO or a Chief Financial Officer or a Chief Operating Officer in United States of America or Europe or Asia that isn't faced with this predicament every single month and year of their career. And that's where discipline and experience comes to bear. Look, we're giving away as much in promotional allowances in the casino as we can afford. Believe me. If I thought I could afford more promotional allowances, if I could make this place more user-friendly in terms of the way we treat our big gamblers, I would do it in a minute, because I probably could talk to myself into believing I'd get more customers. But the fact of the matter is that's not really what gets you more customers. And when you overreach, when you pay more than you should, and I've been watching for 45 years, I've been watching guys come into the industry, get promoted in one hotel or another, try and buy the business, either using credit or using discounts or using shopping sprees or misusing airplanes, they last for a couple of years then they disappear and a new guy comes along, or the company's performance is poor and the stock suffers and the shareholders aren't happy. We're staying as close to the line that you can -- as we understand you can get, when it comes to what consideration can we give our customers. But at the end of the day, remember this, I go to these meetings and all of us in this company are convinced of one thing, only people make people happy. And it's our service and our environment and our service levels and the way we treat people that allow us to maintain a price for our product, which is a service product, that allows this company to perform well financially. And we are not controlled by our neighbors. We certainly are informed by our neighbors, but we cannot be controlled by them. So at any given moment, it's possible for someone to steal some of our top line business. But we're all in the same town, whether it's Las Vegas or Macau, and we're all in the same business and we understand cost structure and we understand expenses and all that sort of thing. And when you start giving away more than a certain amount of the revenue to people that get you business, promotional allowances or profit sharing or whatever you want to call it, then you don't have a good business anymore. So I'll take the risk of losing some top line in order to protect my bottom line. And even sometimes, I have to say, it's possible to lose some of the bottom line when the market is under extreme pressure. I don't know, it is a long-winded answer. But I'm trying more to tell you how I think rather because the answer to your question is sometimes we get chipped away, sometimes we chip away at the other guy.
Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Understood, that was helpful.
Stephen A. Wynn: It's a marathon, not a sprint.
Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: A quick follow-up for Robert. It looks like you guys did a really nice job controlling expenses at Macau, come to about $1.2 million a day in other OpEx outside of commissions and gaming taxes. Is it -- is there anything in those numbers as it pertains to any kind of provisions that have changed? Or is that kind of a steady run rate number for daily OpEx at the property?
Robert Gansmo: I see that as what I would call a pretty steady run rate. We haven't made any fundamental changes. It's just what I would say a constant monitoring of what our cost base is.
Operator: Your next question comes from Felicia Hendrix with Barclays.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Steve, as we look out over the next 3 to 4 years, say, on Cotai, there's obviously now going to be a lot of cranes and construction. Just wondering if any of the recent announcements regarding competitive supply changed how you view your project on Cotai and how you're thinking about government cooperation regarding labor and tables in light of all the imminent casino construction?
Stephen A. Wynn: I want to make sure I understand the question. There's going to be more than -- there's going to be at least 3 new hotels, MGM, ourselves...
Marc D. Schorr: SJM and Galaxy.
Stephen A. Wynn: And Stanley Ho's company and...
Marc D. Schorr: The Galaxy.
Stephen A. Wynn: The Galaxy folks are adding a phase 2. Those are the projects that have been announced and are proceeding, one way or another. MGM has taken -- has moved to another mile post in the process of being able to break ground. Those processes, you recall, tend to be protracted. We passed it, and we're at work in a process that will culminate in the 16th. Are you asking me -- if I may ask, ma'am, the cooperating and...
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: So I guess there's 2 parts to the question. One is, obviously, as you were the first and you're farther along, but there's just been several other announcements. And I think one of the ones you mentioned also the Las Vegas and Parisian [ph] , but there's going to be a lot of new products coming on the Cotai -- to the Cotai area over the next 3 to 4 years. So just wondering, as you think about your project, does any of these new announcements affect that? And then I guess the second part of it is how are you thinking about labor and tables? There's always a lot of news discussing potential gating factors coming from each of those in terms of the future projects.
Stephen A. Wynn: Well, I didn't understand the last part of what she's saying.
Matt Maddox: Yes, I think the question is, have we changed our project at all because of what other people are doing?
Stephen A. Wynn: No, no.
Matt Maddox: And number two, are we worried that there'll be enough labor and tables for the project?
Stephen A. Wynn: Yes, not tables, labor. The answer is the government won't let us -- wouldn't let us start a project unless they had seen our proposal and how many tables we have. And all that is -- was decided years ago and is folded into the government's thinking. The issue of labor, well, it's not the other projects, believe it or not, ma'am, that are the problem. It's public works in Hong Kong and Macau. My god, you should see the things that are going on with the light rail system and other things, the bridge from Hong Kong. Is it good news or bad news? There's so much work going on. As that country expands, it puts pressure on labor and pressure on labor cost. We have to deal with that. But of course, we built our other 2 hotels during similar expansion periods. This is not new. As a matter of fact, there were more projects under construction when we built Encore than there are now. So -- but it's tough, and you know you need the government's permission for imported labor. That's something that's -- you got to have the foreign worker visas. The government is very protective of the local labor market. And they want the Macanese [ph] , the Macau people to be fully employed before they let other people come from outside the region. Though fortunately, at the moment, the local market is fully employed for all intents and purposes. And so the government is taking a more relaxed attitude towards that, at least they say they are. We're not under pressure with labor at the moment in our foundation work, but we're not in that heavy period that you're familiar with when buildings are being -- when you're pouring concrete and when you're using hundreds and hundreds of electricians and plumbers and sheet rockers and concrete finishers. Then the people on the job starts to get to 2,000, 3,000, 3,500 people a day. Right now, we're not -- the foundation can't absorb that kind of labor. So we don't have any problem nor do I see us having a problem in the next 12 months. As it develops, depending upon the art of construction of the other -- the competitive projects, and I don't mean just gaming, I mean public works of the government and the city itself and other businesses. And remember, you've got to consider the whole Pearl River Delta as a unit, which means Hong Kong, which is -- the island in Kowloon, Shenzhen, for all intents and purposes, Zhuhai, Dongguan and Macau. That's one giant 40 million, 50 million, [indiscernible], I don't know how many millions of people, and everybody is working there. And the government is very aggressive. So labor is going to be a challenge. And the only thing, if there's something that says -- a way of ending this response, we're not dealing with anything we haven't dealt with before. And you could take a look at our 12-year history in town. We broke ground in 2002, '03 on our projects. We're 9 years in building hotels and operating hotels and fighting the labor battle in South China. It hasn't been that bad actually, just requires a lot of focus.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And my next question is for Ian and Linda. The question that --
Stephen A. Wynn: Linda is not here.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Oh Linda is not there, okay. So Ian, it's on you.
Stephen A. Wynn: We don't have Ian and we don't have Linda. I'm sorry. We have Robert Gansmo.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Well, there's got to be -- okay. So anyway, my question is on the general market trends on the VIP side of the business in Macau. And I'm just wondering, are you seeing any change in the decelerating VIP trends that we've seen since May? It looks like September seemed better than the prior 2 months. Just wondering, do you think that's the beginning of a trend? Should we expect that to -- should we expect that kind of trend for the rest of the year to -- or the rest of the year to bounce along as it has over the past few months?
Stephen A. Wynn: Matt Maddox.
Matt Maddox: So Felicia, everybody likes to focus on the weekly data coming out of Macau. I would pull back away from that. And as you watch everyone's results, I think you'll hear from all the operators, things have stabilized in Macau. You are seeing more credit from the junket operators, everyone is feeling a little better than they were a few months ago, and it's reflected in the region.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And do you expect that to persist?
Matt Maddox: Like I said, we're not going -- I'm not going to speculate on the week-to-week numbers. But what I can tell you is things feel stable in Macau.
Operator: Your next question comes from Steven Kent of Goldman Sachs.
Steven E. Kent - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Steve, can you just tell us when you plan on showing some of the renderings for Cotai, some of the project? And maybe, Matt, you could talk about financing on the project, when that's going to be finalized. Essentially, I'm just trying to get a feel for when you'll start to move dirt in a much more significant way. And maybe, Matt, you could lay out the CapEx progression?
Stephen A. Wynn: Well, I'm glad you're really interested in seeing the pictures. We're -- this is something we've never done before. We built a building in Las Vegas. This 32,000 square feet glass building next to our staff parking lot. And we built into that building the ability to build both the queen, queen and the king typical room, our suites. A big piece of our casino, smoking and nonsmoking, the corridors and the suites. In effect, we'll be able to take a camera, walk in this facility and make you think the place is open, full sides [ph] . We've never done it before. We spent quite a bit money on this because we're taking this hotel to another level. But instead of showing you renderings, I'm going to let you walk in it. I'm going to let you feel it. Let you be there. And not a computer rendering, either, the real deal: the carpet, the chandeliers, the decor, touchy and feely. If you come out here, Steve, you can go and it see yourself in person. And so -- and pictures of the outside, the fountains, all of the stuff is designed. We're polishing and finishing the suites in the model. Our models are done, except for one thing we're finishing in November. But we're going to take movies and photographs and everything. But this project, before it's finished, will be completely understood by everybody, including our competitors.
Steven E. Kent - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Steve, the last time you did that was actually with, I think, with the Vegas project because I can remember touring that. And one of the issues was that you wanted also, you yourself wanted to be able to walk around it and make adjustments and the like, so...
Stephen A. Wynn: And we did already. We walked in it and made the adjustments, Steve. That's why I said next month because we made some changes. And we're very, very happy. It's the finest work we've done. Roger Thomas and his group have really outdone themselves. We've got a different look, and a new -- we've got a new sensibility that we're going to expose to everyone. So as to seeing it, by the end of -- by before Christmas, it's available and we're going to photograph it. And if you're out here, you can go see it. And if not, we will send you a disc or something. With regard to moving the earth. The site, as I mentioned earlier, was complex because of water and subterranean garbage. It's a big landfill. And our part of the landfill, we love having the 52 acres, but our property had a particular problem in one corner, it was very wet. And we had to do a process of compressing that earth with drainage wicks in it. And we lowered the ground on about 8 acres by almost 2 meters. And when we finish that drainage process, it's going very well. And we think that we're going to start by the end of November, next month, the actual pile, the caisson construction. So we're moving dirt, but we're moving it out of the low-grade out and putting huge, deep 78- to 92-meter caissons in the ground. Our shallowest caisson is 78 meters deep. That's to get 2 meters into rock. And our deepest caisson that holds up the high rises, the high-rise columns, we're down as low as 92 meters below grade. Now we had 60 meters when we built Encore in Macau. So that was a time-consuming -- once we get out of the ground, which will be probably 1 year from now, once we get above -- we get to where we poured the basement, the one level of parking below grade, which will start next -- in '14, then it will go very fast, because it's only a 20-odd storey concrete building poured in place and the public area is 2-storey podium. That will go very fast. The problem in Cotai for us is getting out of the ground. That's the problem all over Macau because so much of the place is landfill. Everything on our side of the street in downtown Macau and the peninsula, the Star Wars, MGM, Wynn, The Arc, every one of those places where the ferry terminal is all the way down. That was all water in 1995. Ocean. That street that's in front of our hotel was an oceanfront street. Beach was there. So building over there is tough in terms of foundation work and expensive and slow because we've got to go so deep. So that's why Matt has had so much room to do the financing, and I will let him pick up the beat. We finished the first $2.2 billion, $2.3 billion at LIBOR plus 1.75% in June.
Matt Maddox: Yes, end of July.
Stephen A. Wynn: End of July, right.
Matt Maddox: That's about 60% of the project cost. And so that closed July 31. Most of the spending will be from mid-2014 until mid-2016, like most projects. So we actually have enough capital on hand to finish the project today. There could be some further financings just for balance sheet optimization in 2013 or 2014. But today, we're in really good shape.
Stephen A. Wynn: Allowing for dividends.
Matt Maddox: That's right. 75% of the CapEx will be mid-2014 to mid-2016, which is normal.
Stephen A. Wynn: We're going to try to make New Year's, Chinese New Year's in '16, 4 years from now, 3 years from now. We're going to try and do that. We know we can make Memorial Day, we want to make Chinese New Year of '16. But as the lady said from Deustche Bank, it's about labor -- from Barclays rather, it's about labor, will we be able to get enough, how tough will it be. We never had a problem on Encore. Other people did, but we didn't. We went zipping right through. The problems that we faced were normal to construction, but we didn't have what you would call a labor problem that slowed us up. I don't think we're going to have one this time either to tell you the truth.
Operator: Your next question comes from Tom Marisco (sic) [Marsico] of Marisco (sic) [Marsico] Capital Management.
Thomas Frank Marsico - Marsico Capital Management, LLC: First of all, I want to say thank you for the operations, the special dividend. And I think that the cost on our original shares now is way negative. Not many companies can give you those types of results given the turbulence that we've had in the economy over these years, so thanks from our shareholders. I also saw that you won the Cond Nast Award in Las Vegas, so you continue to treat your customers well there. And my question, Steve, gets to what are your small business customers in Las Vegas and in China saying about the world as they see it? You've got uncertainty as far as the political situation here in the United States with the election. And then with the change of leadership in China, you're also going through a change in politics and the political landscape there and the issues surrounding Bo there. Has that had any impact as far as you see it on your developments in Cotai or the Macau market? And has the smaller business customer or the CEO of a bank like a Wells Fargo that used to have their atta-boys in Las Vegas, is that starting to come back, whereas before, after the collapse in 2008, certain people didn't think that you should be going to Las Vegas?
Stephen A. Wynn: Tom, last week, I came back from a -- I went all the way around the world. I spoke at a conference in London, had business in Dusseldorf, Stuttgart and Berlin. And then I went to Singapore and Macau. And I was at a conference in Singapore, and I was at one in London. And there were international bankers and panels and speakers from Mainland China, from Singapore from all over Asia and Europe. It was a very good chance for me to get some insight on the very questions that you're asking about. One of the key things -- nobody needs a comment from me about the uncertainty in the United States and how that will hopefully be resolved on November 6th in the United States. And I think everybody in the investment community is very sophisticated on what's at stake. And I know all but small businessmen are, and what's at stake in the United States, depending upon the outcome in the Senate and the House and the White House. In China, it's very interesting. I had occasion to be in the company of a very influential, well-informed and high-placed source, of political insight in the People's Republic of China last week, 10 days ago in Singapore. And some very interesting things were said. And if they are true, they'll be noteworthy to all of us as we look at the Chinese market. The point was made that there's a feeling in Beijing that in order to service the expansion of that economy going forward from where it is today, having achieved a critical mass of today's proportion, to go forward, changes have to be made in the PRC. And this source made the point that there was some thinking in Beijing that they had to privatize and liberalize some of the institutions in that country. And that meant that some of the state-owned businesses, and you know the list as well as I do, Tom, were going to be -- they were going to release their control of those enterprises and either privatize or allow them to go public or do other things. And so there was going to be a liberalization of central government control in the hopes that, that would, by decentralization, allow the country to be more agile and flexible in response to its growing needs of consumers and industrialization. That overwhelming central control, at this point, was, as it is in America, a detriment to rapid expansion and job creation. And this source shared with myself and other people that were present. And I assure you, I don't want to get my name in the paper quoting anybody because these stories are often repeated in the local press in China, but there was a feeling that less government central control, not get -- not the less government central monitoring, but the ownership and day-to-day control of these institutions was not in the best interest, overregulation and overcontrol, to promoting growth in the PRC and creating jobs. If that statement is accurate and Xi's government is going to be characterized by that, then I believe that will get a great deal of press going forward and will be a discussion lively held, because it will mark a slight change again in the direction of leadership of China. My source may be wrong. He may be adding a personal interpretation that doesn't -- is not accurate. But it's interesting that someone of this caliber made that observation. Because if it's true, I'm hoping that the government in Washington, D.C. will take note of it. If the People's Republic of China think that job creation and small business expansion is best served by decentralization, then that's what the business community of the United States has been telling Washington, D.C. in ever louder voices for the past 12 or 15 months. It would be interesting if we finally -- if they finally get the clue from China rather than from their own country. But I did hear that, Tom, and I heard it from a fancy [ph] source 10 days ago. And that will be very good news for us because the more you release the entrepreneurial zeal of China and the way that temperament of those people are, the more unbelievable the results will be. That's a hustling, hard-working, entrepreneurial risk-taking culture over there. And unless someone holds them down, they're up and at them.
Thomas Frank Marsico - Marsico Capital Management, LLC: Steve, have you felt that there's been a pause around the change in the leadership that's occurring in China? Xi was out of the picture for a couple of weeks. We didn't know if he hurt his back or if they were making other decisions. Did you see a pause in activity among...
Stephen A. Wynn: I'm not a moment-to-moment watcher. Things tend to be very predictable over there, Tom. And his ascension into that position has been long...
Thomas Frank Marsico - Marsico Capital Management, LLC: Anticipated?
Stephen A. Wynn: Yes. And if all of a sudden there were any changes, that would be the first time in modern Chinese history that such a thing has taken place. They're not fickle there. They tend to plan ahead, make their moves, stay on track. They revisit strategy, but they don't revisit long-term planning. The name of the game in China is job creation. Morning, noon and night, Hu Jintao and Wen Jiabao, since the day they took office, they've been busy creating jobs in China to help make -- [ph] create a better life for the people of that country. And that has been the great priority, the expansion of that economy in order to meet the needs of their demanding public.
Thomas Frank Marsico - Marsico Capital Management, LLC: And so with the expansion that we're going to be seeing with the new hotels on Cotai, do you feel that the infrastructure projects around the bridge and the rapid transit line will be completed continuous with the development of the casinos?
Stephen A. Wynn: The rapid transit, will. That's well underway. They're going. I believe the bridge is, too. Everything is scheduled for finish just about the same as the time we are, which is wonderful. That whole business with the bridge is really -- it connects Hong Kong, Shenzhen, Zhuhai, the whole Pearl River Delta becomes one town. If it's almost -- it's staggering to think about it. It's the reason why we have the confidence to invest another $3.5 billion or $4 billion in that market. I mean, you -- there is -- in spite of the stiff competition that we just discussed earlier in the phone conversation. And it's formidable stiff competition. I have to give a lot of credit to the Venetian and the City of Dreams and the Galaxy folks. There's no grass growing under their feet. They're smart fellows.
Operator: Your next question comes from Harry Curtis of Nomura.
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: It's really a sort of a 2-part question. The first is, it goes back to the VIP sort of pause that we've seen in the VIP segment. There's a theory that -- out there that a lot of the wealth or most of the wealth in China has been tapped. Do you think that, that has any validity to it? Or do you think that just some of your customers in Macau have been dialing it back a bit partly in anticipation of the transition? And the reason, and this goes to the second part of the question, that I ask is that I'm interested in how you're designing Cotai. Are you designing it with the VIP segment in mind? Or do you...
Stephen A. Wynn: Yes.
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Okay.
Stephen A. Wynn: That's the easy part, right? But you asked the first part of the question, has most of the wealth been tapped. What do you mean by that? Identified, you mean identified?
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: No. That are we 70%, 80%, 90% of the way penetrated in the VIP market?
Stephen A. Wynn: No, no, I don't think so. Marc? Matt?
Marc D. Schorr: No, I don't think so.
Matt Maddox: No.
Marc D. Schorr: Stanley Ho has been doing it for 40 years.
Stephen A. Wynn: Yes, we're Johnny-come-latelys over there. Stanley Ho has been -- God knows -- every time we think we've got a line on this place over there, we get surprised, Harry. We get surprised. The country is so huge and the percentage of penetration of the gaming, based upon the repeat visitation, is so small that I don't think that we have done that. I think it's very important that the invitation, represented by all this new construction, that that's the volume. That's the volume on the speaker of the outreach of Macau. The louder that invitation of Macau is, the more deeply you can penetrate that market.
Marc D. Schorr: That's why they're building all the non-gaming halls.
Stephen A. Wynn: And that's right, all the guys, Marc is saying, they're building all the non-gaming. Well, Galaxy and Sands and City of Dreams and MGM, I'm sure, as well as Stanley Ho's company and ourselves, the 6 of us, we really, really are keying up fancy stuff, really beautiful things by anybody's standards. And I believe there will come a time when the invitation to Macau will be so loud, so strong that people will start to come from even further away. So I think we're on solid ground as far as long-term growth. Just look at the -- you know what kind of expansion we've had as far as facilities. And look at the revenue levels that climbed up. Don't you think you sort of can answer that question yourself if you take a look at it? You're seeing everything we see.
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: And with that in mind, do you design Cotai with more of the higher-margin Mass, higher or upscale Mass business as your target market? Or is it really a blend between VIP and Mass?
Stephen A. Wynn: Both. We want Mass Market and we want the VIP. But within that answer, there's a level as well. Our typical room is 900 square feet, 20 by 45. It's a mini-suite. Our typical room is a mini-suite. It's like -- Harry, have you seen a Cotai room? The Encore room in Macau?
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Oh, yes, that I've seen.
Stephen A. Wynn: That's a typical room in Cotai. Cotai is like Encore Wynn. Now that's our Mass Market room. So you can imagine, we're after -- our general casino has a higher yield per table than anyone else, and it's growing right now in the Peninsula. So when we say the general casino in the Mass Market, we deal to the top end of the Mass Market, as well as to the, of course, the VIP guys through the junket operators. And in Macau, our retail sales, Louis Vuitton, Chanel, Christian Dior, Cartier, Prada, Miu Miu, Graff, Bulgari, Tiffany, Rolex. That's our lineup of stores. Gucci, Hermes, they're all going with us. We made had a deal this month -- well, actually, 2 months ago. You know where the coffee shop is in Macau. We took part of the coffee shop. We didn't need as much of the coffee shop buffet, so there was 2,000 extra feet that we turned over to retail. I made a deal with a guy for $6 million for 2,000 square feet. $500,000 a month fixed rent for 2,000 feet, 5-year lease. I'll say that slowly. 2,000 feet, fixed rent, $500,000 a month, $6 million a year.
Marc D. Schorr: U.S.
Stephen A. Wynn: U.S. Now the guy that paid this is one of the most sophisticated businessmen in Europe. And he's got a great business there. And he didn't even blink about paying the rent. So we're dealing to a niche part of the market, the top end. I think there's plenty of those folks in China. And we're going to give them -- our idea in Macau, in plain terms, there's this terrific competition among our neighbors. We have to make sure that our facility is so going away, fetching, that it will be everybody's first choice, and then the other guys are largely [ph] over who goes second. But we had to distinguish ourselves completely. And because we've seen the fine job that the other guys have done, it stimulated and provoked us to reach higher and to do even a better job. And that's what I think we've done. That's why it's taken us 2.5 years before we broke ground. We've been designing this place steadily all that time. And you know we've got a lot of experience doing that, so you can imagine how hard we've been working. I hope that satisfies you.
Operator: Your final question comes from Robin Farley of UBS.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: I've got 2 questions. One kind of shorter term and one longer term. [indiscernible] when we're trying to think about the impact of your above average hold in the quarter, can you give us a sense of whether that was mostly on business that was direct business or was that through junkets, just when we think about the EBITDA impact of that? And then I have another question after that.
Stephen A. Wynn: Our business here is -- it's all direct, in a manner of speaking, although the credit was guaranteed by some junket operators on some of it. And some of it was -- but our business with the Chinese is expanding rapidly in Las Vegas. And as far as our EBITDA calculation, you can see it on our reports and it is what it is. I mean, there it is.
Matt Maddox: And so -- yes. And so, Robin, in Macau, it was pretty much the same hold percentage.
Stephen A. Wynn: She was asking about Las Vegas, weren't you?
Marc D. Schorr: No.
Matt Maddox: No.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: No, I was asking about Macau.
Matt Maddox: It was pretty much the same hold percentage in both direct and in the junket business.
Stephen A. Wynn: Did I misunderstand the question? Oh, I'm sorry.
Matt Maddox: Yes, but that's okay. And in Las Vegas, we were actually within the normal hold range.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. No, I was asking about Macau, about the above-average hold. But Matt, I think you answered it. My other question is -- I guess it kind of goes back to like, well, saying that things in Macau have stabilized. And I know, Steve, a lot of your comments about sort of post-2016 and the very big picture were helpful. But I guess, if we're just thinking about the next sort of 12 months or so, I guess, what gives you comfort that things have stabilized? Because I thought it was also [Audio Gap] to see some of your retail revenue from Macau down, just given the correlation between some of the luxury Hong Kong retail that we've seen with VIP revenues. So I guess just in terms of next 12 months, if next 12 months isn't too near term for you to think about, what's giving you comfort?
Stephen A. Wynn: Well, Robin, we had some retail under construction during that quarter. So that may -- I can't quantify how much of it was due to that. So...
Matt Maddox: And it was really just -- we had some -- a few less watch sales. It was some large purchases last year. So when you go store-by-store, most of our same-store sales are actually up, except for a few -- except for 2 outlets. What I would tell you again is $290 million to $300 million of EBITDA out of 1,000-room hotel per quarter is extraordinary. And we're really not seeing anything that's making us change our minds about what direction it's going.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Well, let me rephrase the question. I was just pointing out the correlation that we've seen sort of longer term with the Hong Kong luxury retail. But what I was really -- with your comment about stabilization in VIP volumes specifically. In other words, retail is just kind of a side thought to it. But when you look at your -- at the markets, VIP volume declined and your VIP turnover declined, what gives you comfort that in the next 12 months -- what gives you comfort [Audio Gap] already or that these trends won't -- that we won't continue to see those kinds of declines?
Stephen A. Wynn: Well, oh, I see -- well, look, you may see some declines because we got nipped by competition or by hold percentage or both. But, I think Matt and Marc were talking about the market as a whole, weren't you?
Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: And I'm also asking about the market as a whole, where we saw VIP volumes down in the third quarter. So I'm wondering what gives you comfort that, that has stabilized in the market overall?
Matt Maddox: And so -- okay, so Robin, everybody in the summer got nervous. And I think it's pretty widely known that credit tightened up quite a bit in the summer over there. What you've seen, and I think as you watch your weekly numbers, you'll see that it's began to loosen again, a lot of people feel very comfortable. And if you look at the number of people coming into our casino every day, and we count these down every day, were getting great headcounts, and our customer database at the high end is continuing to grow. So it's a robust market and it really feels better to us today than it did a few months ago.
Stephen A. Wynn: If you watch that market and you're a sharp analyst and you drill into those weekly numbers, I guarantee you that you will screw yourself up and will come to the wrong conclusion and you will lose sight of the trees through the forest. Be careful about short-term results in our business. Just look at China, the questions about the macroeconomic environment. Those are the ones that are going to determine the long-range performance of all of these companies. Well, you see the relevant performance of each of us, who gets more than their share, who gets less than their share, et cetera, et cetera. Who's got the newest place? And that lasts for a while and then it goes back to where it was before. Those things aren't going to change much. Horses run true to form, the companies will run true to form. The question is what about the market itself? That's the question, I think, that when you -- when we have these calls and some of you make us focus on that. We may not have all the answers. But generally speaking, we think that the market is terrific now, and that everybody who's in business there is going to have good news going forward. Now, what -- to quantify that, I know many of you, that's your job. To quantify it, give it a number at what range it is on the stocks, stuff like that, but be careful about those Monday numbers. We get variations with hold percentages. We have days where we win $35 million, $40 million in one day. We get days where we will make no money or lose $5 million.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: No, I wasn't really focusing on the numbers. It was more over the next few months, just what leads you to think that the market was stabilizing from the declines.
Stephen A. Wynn: You know what the trouble is, Robin?. The reason we're lousy at answering that question is we don't care about the next few months the way you do.
Matt Maddox: Exactly.
Stephen A. Wynn: I don't mean to say that to be critical. I'm describing that our focus -- that's not a question we ever deal with except during a call like this.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: No, I understand. I just wondered what made you say it would stabilize given the comment you just made.
Stephen A. Wynn: Thank you, everybody. See you next time.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-07-17 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Matt Maddox - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Treasurer Stephen A. Wynn - Founder, Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, Chairman of Wynn Macau Limited and Chief Executive Officer of Wynn Macau Limited Marc D. Schorr - Chief Operating Officer, Director, Member of Gaming Compliance Committee and Director of Wynn Macau Ltd Linda Chen - Director, President of Wynn International Marketing Ltd and Chief Operating Officer of Wynn Resorts Macau Maurice Wooden - Executive Vice President of Food & Beverage Operations Robert Gansmo - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Joseph Greff - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Shaun C. Kelley - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Steven E. Kent - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Jon T. Oh - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Wynn Resorts Second Quarter 2012 Earnings Call. Joining the call on behalf of the company today are Steve Wynn; Marc Schorr; John Strzemp; Matt Maddox; Maurice Wooden, COO of Wynn Las Vegas; Scott Peterson, CFO of Wynn Las Vegas; and on the phone, Linda Chen, COO of Wynn Macau; and Robert Gansmo, CFO of Wynn Macau. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Maddox. Please go ahead, sir.
Matt Maddox: Thank you, everyone, for joining us today. Before we get started, just to remind everybody that we will be making forward-looking statements under the Safe Harbor Federal Securities law, and those statements may or may not come true. So with that, I'm going to turn over to Stephen for an introduction.
Stephen A. Wynn: Hello, and good afternoon, everybody. I appreciate Linda staying up so late in Macau. I think we have everybody here to answer questions. I'll make a couple of summary remarks. First, Las Vegas. Last year, we -- I've mentioned before, we enjoy a great deal of very high limit Baccarat business. And that high play tends to be volatile. In the long run, not so much. But in the short run, it can be. For example, last year, during the 6 months, the first 6 months of the year, winners. That is to say, people who won money from the casino were outnumbered by the losers. The losers were outnumbered by the winners. And that is to say, the amount of money we paid to people who beat us, compared to the amount of money of folks who lost money to us was a positive for the company of $150-odd million. This year, the people who won money in the casino were much more, and the people who lost money to the casino were less, and the delta was $38 million. That is to say, there was $112 million difference in 6 months in the win of the casino associated with high limit Baccarat. Last year, we held 37% or something like that. And this year, it's 17%. Normalized, it's about 26% for that gain. So when you normalize everything, the trend in Baccarat, Marc will remind me, in 2010, high limit Baccarat won how much, Marc?
Marc D. Schorr: $111 million.
Stephen A. Wynn: $111 million, and then if you normalize a whole percentage...
Marc D. Schorr: $125 million.
Stephen A. Wynn: Pardon me?
Marc D. Schorr: In 2010, if you normalize it...
Stephen A. Wynn: 2010 was $125 million...
Marc D. Schorr: Normalized.
Stephen A. Wynn: Normalized.
Marc D. Schorr: Actual was $111 million.
Stephen A. Wynn: And what was normalized last year?
Marc D. Schorr: $145 million.
Stephen A. Wynn: And this year, if you normalize it?
Marc D. Schorr: $174 million.
Stephen A. Wynn: $174 million. We actually have more business. So all of that is academic in a matter of speaking but, it does shed some light in understanding to the kind of shifts that can take place short-term in businesses that have this kind of high-end gambling. In terms of the rest of the business, it's about flat or slightly up in Las Vegas in terms of noncasino revenue. And so, if you normalize everything, we would have had a better result than we did. Last year, we had a premium result because we had abnormally high hold percentages. But our business levels this year in Las Vegas are slightly better than last year, except for hold percentage. In Macau, for the first 6 months, business was flat. We were slightly ahead. The market has gotten more competitive. Two new hotels opened up in the second quarter, operated by the Sands. And those 2 hotels added more games to the marketplace. And generally speaking, business was flat for the market, the high limit business and the VIP junket business and the total casino win. But we suffered on the top line, an adjustment of a couple of points on revenue, but we didn't seem to have the problem on the bottom line. As a matter of fact, the basic challenge in Macau, we have our share of the business, is to preserve margin, the bottom line. And that is of course, difficult when we have been able to hold the percentage we pay to junket operators, to 40% plus 3% or so for complementaries and our competitors are about 5 points ahead of us in terms of what they give the junket operators. Now ordinarily, that's not an unusual thing. That happens all the time in competitive markets. A hotel like Wynn or before Wynn, the Bellagio was always facing the challenges of hotel -- of other properties who to tried to buy the business away from us by increasing promotional allowances and other customer discounts of one form or another, or player benefits. We believe that we give away about as much money in terms of promoting our business, in terms of sharing revenue with junket operators or discounts, complementaries, and stuff like that. We believe we give away as much as we can consistent with good solid business thinking. And because we're really concentrating on keeping the bottom line. It's the reason why on almost any metric of return of investment and stuff like that, we still are very happy with our position in China. And so it -- but that doesn't lessen the fact that the challenge is continuous, the market is constantly moving and changing, both in terms of the amount of volume that comes into town. It's been a rock 'n roll, rollicking several years, and that growth rate has slowed down as the base has gotten bigger. And because Asia is feeling much, to a much lesser extent, the kind of uncertainty and economic stress that the rest of the world, Europe and the United States are experiencing. But I'm hoping that we can be agile enough to adjust to those changes. For example, we're improving our high limit slot business in China physically in the current period. And one or the other, if I can just extend these comments for another moment, it -- when you're in a competitive market like Macau, and a hotel B or hotel C increases the incentive to the junket operators to get the -- more business from them. They can do so by increasing the percentage of participation. They can also increase it by extending extra credits to them, using credit as a marketing technique. Now we know from 40-odd years of experience that, that is a very dangerous path. Using credit as a marketing tool is a big mistake in gaming and has proven to be so over the decades, which is not to say you shouldn't give the right kind of people, the right kind of credit, but you can't just try and buy business by extending credit. That ends up poorly. We are very conservative about credit, I said that on these kinds of phone calls before. And we were so conservative that when the economies of Europe and the United States and China were being questioned, we were very tight in our reserves. It turns out that in the past 6 months and before, we've been too tight. Our collections have improved, I'm happy to say, beyond our expectations. And so we've made that adjustment this month in order to correct it and be more -- and be a little less conservative than we have been. And I think you can see those adjustments. It really -- they really are -- it really does represent real earnings that we had, but for the first half of the year, we're suppressed because of our conservatism. And we've restored that upon the advice of our auditors and based upon our own experience, primarily. So one last comment. If the competitors increase promotional allowances to slot players and to VIP players, what can you do about that? Can you just sit there and lump it? Watch your market share be eroded? And market share being eroded doesn't bother me so much as the bottom line being eroded. That's quite something else. So there is a counterpoint to all of this. The structure in Asia is that junket operators have sub-junket operators and some of these sub-junket operators who feed and support the main junket operator are aggressive and resourceful and energetic people in their own right. They have aspirations and ambitions of their own. We take advantage of those aspirations and ambitions by offering key primary agents the opportunity to be the primary junket operator. Because that, in effect, increases their percentage of participation because they're not being part of a larger group, they are now the head junket guy. That's the counterpoint and we're using that strategy successfully, I think. And as matter of fact, we're introducing, and we've built some new space, and we're introducing some new junket operators as we speak that will be obvious in the quarters ahead. And so, that's basically my comments on the existing situation and counterpoint strategies to deal with such a competitive market, whose growth rate has seemingly slowed. We are underway in Cotai, with a very ambitious and far-reaching project that will have the same effect on the market there that Bellagio did, for example, and Wynn did here. I want to remind everybody that it's okay not to be first sometimes. If you recall, and I'll use a little history as an example. When Bellagio opened, everybody thought that Mirage was the number that couldn't be topped. And then we won $600 million -- we won $600 million, $500 million, $600 million with the casino alone at Bellagio, which set a new a record. When we opened Wynn in 19 -- in 2005, for the first time in Nevada history a casino once stepped $700 million, which was a Nevada historical mark. And then last year, in 2011, we broke our own record and did $774 million in casino revenue. So if you build the right product and you have a concomitant parallel organizational professionalism, you can take the market up, and we're hoping that our Cotai property will do that. Naturally, we have to wait until it's finished, and everybody's hard at work doing that now that we've been granted our land concession and we can proceed. One other thing, if I can change the subject. I'll cover my observations today and then open this up so that you can question my colleagues. We wanted very much to be first in the marketplace with the financing of Cotai because there are, after all, going to be a couple of new hotels built in the next few years on the Macau Cotai Strip. And thanks to Mr. Maddox and company, we had a terrific response and we've basically done $2.3 billion in a revolver and a -- we're hoping to close in 10 days. But generally, the expectation is that our revolver and our term loan will be $2.3 billion and the interest rate will be under 2%. So we're very happy about that and expect that to be finished in the next couple of weeks now that we have the commitments. So I -- unless anybody at the table has any general comments to offer, I'm sure there'll be specific questions. Linda, do you have anything that you want to add at this time about that -- about the overview on China?
Linda Chen: I think you've summed up very well that it's more important you preserve the margin. It really proves that you issued [indiscernible] and promotional allowances, so that -- exactly right, it's not about the market share and the top line only.
Stephen A. Wynn: Maurice Wooden is here, both Ian and Marilyn are on vacation, as customary this time of year. But the super competent people like Linda, who's really the COO there, and Maurice Wooden is here today. And Maurice, you have anything to add to the general description of things?
Maurice Wooden: No, I think there's specific questions when they come in.
Stephen A. Wynn: Okay, then let's start with the questions, everybody.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Joe Greff, JPMorgan.
Joseph Greff - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Just a question for you on the count, perhaps one that you can chime in. On the recent Macau gaming revenue deceleration, obviously, we've seen a number of Mainland China economic measures, like GDP growth slow, and that's certainly a reason for the recent market-wide performance. Actually my question is this: To what extent is that recent performance driven by noneconomic factors, say, political ones, such as wealthy VIP patrons, maybe visiting Macau less and waiting for the government change over later in the year? Is that a factor, how big of one? What are your players or junkets telling you in this regard?
Stephen A. Wynn: Nothing in regard to that, Joe. Unless Linda has something to say, I don't think we felt that kind of a -- Linda, am I wrong or would you take that?
Linda Chen: You're correct, yes. I definitely don't think any big slowdown is caused by any of the political or other issues outside, like you say, outside economic issue, I think some of it is intentional. Their junkets are being responsible by controlling credit, and so are we. So part of the slowdown batch, I think, very healthy controlled growth. You don't -- I don't know if you can really expect 20% growth year-to-year to be reasonable. And really, I mean, Macau is growing at 7% to 8%. I'm just -- compatible to the China GDP growth.
Joseph Greff - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And there -- has there been a mix shift between direct and junket in the VIP segment in the second quarter?
Linda Chen: No, I don't think there is as much of a change between direct and junket. There is actually a growth in the mass market, if you will, and thats compared to VIP, because we do have more mass that selling [ph] that open in the second quarter.
Joseph Greff - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Great. And then I have a couple of quick modeling questions. How much of the cash balances is Macau?
Matt Maddox: Of the $1.9 billion, around $500 million of the parent and $500 million or $600 million in Macau and the rest at Wynn Las Vegas from the bond deal.
Joseph Greff - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Got you. And then how much CapEx in the second half of this year related to the Cotai development?
Matt Maddox: In the second half of this year? Well, it looks like we'll probably spend somewhere in the neighborhood of $150 million of...
Stephen A. Wynn: On foundations.
Matt Maddox: On foundations over the next 9 months or so.
Stephen A. Wynn: By the way, in remediation, as we mentioned the last time, Joe, as we drive that property out and start to sink foundations.
Matt Maddox: In the second quarter, we spent $58 million in Cotai, $50 million of which was land related. And we spent about $140 million total on Cotai so far, $112 million of that has been related to the land, another $27 million on the land remediation and there's probably $150 million to go over the next 9 to 12 months.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Shaun Kelley, Bank of America.
Shaun C. Kelley - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Matt, just a follow-up on 2 more housekeeping questions for you. We were kind of calculating something like $30 million to $35 million of EBITDA impact from kind of a hold swing to normalize it in Vegas. Any chance wed get you to comment on that? Sometimes I know you like to or not like to.
Matt Maddox: Yes, well, I will this quarter because we only held 9% in the second quarter in Baccarat, which is almost 18 or 19 points lower than it should have been. If you normalize everything, including the adjustment, this quarter would have come in around $116 million because of the Baccarat, as Steve pointed, out in April 26.
Stephen A. Wynn: In April, for the first time in 45 years, I saw Baccarat go minus for a month. I never saw that before. But on the other hand, last year, I saw a 37% hold. If I was a customer, I might have asked for an investigation. But those are the kind of swings that can take place. I guess April this year was in answer to April last year, or June or July last year, where all we did was win. And actually, that makes me uncomfortable because I really don't like the customers to bump into such terrible bad luck. After all, this business is about amusement, self-indulgence on a very special level. But basically, the people that come here and do these things, they are here because they like that more than they like the money. They like the game. It's their hobby, so to speak, it's an indulgence, like some people buy bottles of wine for $20,000. I mean, these are people that like to gamble. And what's best for them is to have the normal ups and downs and normal swings. They don't expect to win, but they like to get lucky once in a while and have fun with the house's money. The last few months it's been extreme in that regard. But last year was extreme in the other regard, in the first 6 months of the year. So I really don't like it when we win too much money from the players. We get way ahead of the statistics. It has a stultifying effect on the psychology of our customers.
Shaun C. Kelley - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: No, I appreciate that. And then I guess the second housekeeping one I had was just on the credit provision or the benefit that you guys had. Did that fall all in Macau, Matt? Or kind of where did that show up? Did it hit the P&L?
Matt Maddox: No the -- 2/3 Macau, 1/3, Las Vegas. So after the first quarter, we did a full hindsight analysis of all of our collection history since opening and determined that we were over reserved and needed to change our estimate. So the good news is, our collection trends have been quite strong.
Shaun C. Kelley - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay, but that is benefiting the property level EBITDA numbers that we're seeing in the quarter?
Matt Maddox: Yes.
Shaun C. Kelley - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And then the kind of big strategic question I had was, and Steve, you hit on this in your prepared remarks. Just the promotional activity, as the gaming revenue growth has really kind of flattened out here. I guess the question is, has that gotten really any worse, quarter on quarter? So have you seen both at the opening of Cotai Central and then probably more importantly, what you saw in May and June when we really started to see gaming revenues decelerate in the market? Did you see kind of real significant increases or changes in behavior by some of the other operators, whether they're on Cotai or just around the market? And just kind of how do you characterize that environment?
Stephen A. Wynn: The answer, in a word, is yes, we did. When they opened the Cotai Central, you can imagine that the folks that operate those places had to develop strategies that would justify revenue for all of their places. And so they got more aggressive than usual. And I'm not criticizing them by any means. But you asked the question are we seen -- are we seeing more aggressive activity and the answer is positively yes. And does it affect us? Sure. Do we have to react, you bet. And the choices that we have, there are choices that we have, but I don't think one of them is simply to increase the discounts or to increase the incentive payments to junket operators. Because when we look at that number in a common sense and straightforward way, we cannot justify by an expectation of increased revenue, any increase in the discounts or the promotional allowances of participation given to the junket operators. If we could share more money with the junket operators intelligently, we would do that because they are, in fact, an important part of our business. So we go out to the red line, so to speak. Now if our competitors see that line somewhere else, all the more power to them. We are paying attention to the numbers, and we don't agree that we can go higher, and so we don't. Linda Chen spends all of her waking hours worrying about such things. And if she has something to add to this, I think she should.
Linda Chen: No, I think you said it. And the difference also is not just the VIP business. The actual price war has extended into the mass and the slot market. I think we already spoke about how much junket commission that's giving up. But we are actually giving out a lot more incentives now in slots and mass-market to also buy back business.
Stephen A. Wynn: To me, in this room, Linda's voice is muffled. I'd like to ask the person who asked me the question, could you understand her okay?
Shaun C. Kelley - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: We can understand. We also get a little static. But we can understand.
Stephen A. Wynn: I'd like to repeat what Linda said, because I knew what she was going to say because of the numbers that we study. The aggressiveness of our competitors has spilled over into the slot machines, and they are being very aggressive in slot promotional allowances to the players. And they've also built very beautiful rooms that are attractive and cleverly designed. So everything gets stepped up. Competition has made everybody sharpen their knives. It's healthy in the long run, challenging in the short run. But we understand this. We've only been in competitive markets, all of my 45 years, and most everybody in this room has been with me a long time. And so we understand this. We don't overreact, so we wait until we see something real and then we deal with it, which maybe makes us a little slower sometimes. But not -- we're not sleepy, we're just careful. Next question. Was that answer okay with you?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Carlo Santarelli, Deutsche Bank.
Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Steve, when you look out at China right now, and you think about the big picture macro, and you think about the growth in this market over the last few years, how do you kind of reconcile the way you want to handle your balance sheet going forward in light of the backdrop and kind of the great unknown that is China right now?
Stephen A. Wynn: Well, Carlos, you know we've kept very respectful ratios of debt to equity as we've launched the properties, even on day 1 in Las Vegas, when we built Wynn and it was $1.7 billion in debt and $1 billion in equity, hardly a highly leveraged business. We havent followed a model that many of our competitors -- I remember when Shelly Adelson did his deal, he held on to higher -- high interest rate notes for a long time in order to play the market just right, and he did it beautifully. I, on the other hand, temperamentally, didn't want to live with that kind of pressure. So we increased our equity at the very beginning of the company's history, and maintained those equity debt relationships that were conservative by any measure. We have done that in China as well, as you know. And I think that horses ran true to form most of the time, unless it's a very wet track. And we're going to do the same thing going forward. So we'll be mindful of having a lot of room, a lot of cushion in our equity, on our balance sheet, to handle the vicissitudes of a changing market. We came through this whole last '08, '09 thing. We opened up Encore at exactly the wrong time, right smack in December of '08 into the jaws of this economic turmoil. And although it was painful in terms of return on investment, we didn't have any crises or any real heartburn about it. We just sort of sucked it up, went straight ahead, took very good care of our properties, took very good care of our employees and had the kind of reserves financially that it would take to protect such things. I think we should do the same thing going forward. This is a world in which no one can predict tomorrow -- with long-term, is -- this next quarter, you have to be ready for all kinds of things to happen because most likely they will. I think China, incidentally, is more stable than any place else. Europe and the United States are tricky. I think that China represents, at least to our family, a more stable environment, even if things are a little edgy than anyplace else. They seem to have cool leadership. And they are term thinkers. So we'll behave accordingly.
Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Great, Steve, that's helpful. And just really quickly, if I could, on Macau. It seems to even if you kind of back out, obviously, the promo and the debt, that you guys seem to do a pretty good job managing costs in Macau. Is there anything maybe Linda could expand upon as to what you're doing there to manage some of the other OpEx?
Stephen A. Wynn: Well, I think -- is Robert Gansmo on the call?
Matt Maddox: Yes.
Robert Gansmo: I am indeed, Steve.
Stephen A. Wynn: Rob, what do you think about that question?
Robert Gansmo: Well, as everyone knows, the primary tasks are, it -- revolve around payroll. And so we, like all the operators, have had salary increases on an annual basis. And we also keep up with the market to remain competitive in our salary offerings. However, we also try to offset that to some extent, with operational efficiencies, try to make sure our processes are as smooth as they can be, and try to minimize the number of FTEs. And so consequently, I think we've done a pretty good job. We're running at about $1.3 million, just under -- between $1.3 million, $1.4 million per day before we take into account commissions or bad debt or anything like that. So -- and I expect that to continue, but there will be continuous cost pressures because primarily driven through the pressures on payroll.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven Kent, Goldman Sachs.
Steven E. Kent - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I was just wondering about the new program for the sub-junkets, whether they would be -- whether that would cannibalize some of the existing business with the main junkets, in the sense that other terms to those sub-junkets' the same as that you offer to the main junkets. Is there a difference there?
Stephen A. Wynn: Steve, what I said that our counterpoint to pressure from the big junket operators to increase their percentage is offset by the fact that some of their agents wish to be promoted to main junket status. That is to say they want to go off on their own, sort of like Internet companies do. And we understand that Chinese ambition, that entrepreneurial spirit. And we can take advantage of that entrepreneurial spirit by offering a junket arrangement, a primary junket arrangement, to someone who may have been a key sub-junket operator or agent for somebody else. And we do that when we find our main junket operators spreading themselves very thinly. What they do in Macau is, the main junket people will be in almost every hotel, and because they have to be. The customers want to be serviced wherever their yen for luck takes them. So someone walks from SJM [ph] across the street to Wynn, if the junket operator doesn't have a room in both places, then some other junket operator will pick up the customer. So the junket operators are forced to have outposts in each hotel. That -- they couple that with their natural yen to grow and to be part of every new property, it gets spread around. And sometimes, they shortchange one location in favor of another or least it appears that way to us if it does. And then we say well, you don't need the tables that we've given you. We're going to remove those tables and either put them into a more profit, they're unused, we'll put them back in the general casino where the margin's good, or we'll create another junket room and give it to someone who's up and coming, who's very aggressive. And very often that maybe someone who was a sub-junket operator for someone else. But now, instead of getting a piece of the pie that they used to get from the main junket operator, they get the pie itself. That in effect is an increase in their participation without it coming out of our hide. Steve, am I clarifying that?
Steven E. Kent - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Yes, that's actually very helpful.
Linda Chen: Yes. And the cost is the same to us regardless of sub-board.
Stephen A. Wynn: We just eliminate one of the middlemen. But we don't do that in an adversarial or menacing way. It's just the normal course of human ambition that, listen, they exploit competition among the hotels by saying, "I got a better deal at MGM than I did from you," or "a better deal from Venetian than we got from you. Why can't you give us as good a participation as -- why can't you give us 48% if they do?" We say, "We can't afford to give you 48%. "Well, I just got to take my customers because I give so much money back to the customers as a junket operator. I'm hamstrung Mr. Wynn. I can't help myself." They say to Linda, "We got to go next door." And Linda says, "Well, I'm sorry, you got to go. We've had a good relationship. But if you're going to go next door, then -- and you've got 18 or 24 tables, maybe you don't need these other 6. We'll take them back." And that's the price they pay by hijacking business from us to someone else. Hijacking is a pejorative term. That's the price they pay for spreading themselves around. Again, I say that's normal and admirable and understandable, and we have no hard feelings about it. But we can react to it. And our reaction is to say, "Okay, we'll take back the tables. You don't need 8, you don't need 24, we'll give you 12." Well all of a sudden, that's 12 tables available for allocation to a new junket operator, who is very happy to accept 43, because he was only getting a percentage of the money that the other guy was getting. Now he's getting the 43. And he's happy as a clam, and he gets his own room. Oh, we put it back in to the general casino where the margin is good, but maybe the volume isn't as high. I'll tell you counterpoint to all of this, and that's both sides, the junket operator as the salesperson, so to speak. And the casino as the home base. Those are the 2 sources or the 2 dynamics that we -- both sides, exploit. And I'm sure it will continue in good faith and with the warm and fuzzy relationships all around.
Steven E. Kent - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Steve, if I could just shift to another question, which is, given the very compelling loan characteristics you just laid out, which are incredibly favorable, and also giving -- given the incredibly strong existing cash flow, the financing for Cotai now seems very, very secure and you'll have excess cash. Can you tell us a little bit about how the board is thinking about special dividends, annual dividends and share buybacks and how they balance those 3 opportunities to return cash, given the financing relationships, financing that you just locked in, which are so compelling?
Stephen A. Wynn: I can't resolve that question in absolute terms. I can tell you that, that is the order of business before the board when we get together. And it comes up at this time. The board was naturally waiting to see how the financing would go. Matt has been very busy for the past few months. And when my colleagues and I get together, that will be one of the things we do discuss, Steve. So I can't speak for the board today because I'm not authorized to do so. And you, I think, if you would change seats with me, you could make an argument for several different approaches to our very favorable posture. And we're going to measure all that and toss it around. And Ive got a -- we've got probably the fanciest board in gaming. I mean, think about it. Al Shoemaker was Chairman of First Boston. Russell Goldsmith is Chairman of City National Bank. Ray Irani is Chairman of Occidental Petroleum. Governor Miller, as you know, whos  was 10 years Governor of Nevada and Chairman of the National Governors Association. The man who directed fiscal policy for the State of Nevada successfully for 10 years, and also the guy who started the investigation of our former shareholder. Boone Wayson. Boone Wayson is on our board, was on the MGM Board after the merger of Wynn, of Mirage and MGM. And Boone ran Wynn, the Golden Nugget of Atlantic City when he was 28 years old after being in charge of cage and credit. That's how experienced he is, and he's 60 now. So there's an awful lot of experience on my board. For example, the -- Allan Zeman runs an enterprise that spans all of China. Shenzhen, Hong Kong, Quanzhou. He's in 5 -- 4 or 5 different provinces, not to mention running Ocean Park. He's got a lot of perspective on the Board. John Moran from Dyson-Kissner-Moran, the original leverage buyout company. We've got a lot of experience. And this conversation is really juicy. Not to mention Elaine and Linda and Marc. Everybody gets into this variance.
Matt Maddox: What about our board in China?
Stephen A. Wynn: Yes, and the Chinese Board. Bruce Rockowitz is the Chairman -- is the President of Li & Fung, the largest sourcing company in the world with offices in 275 cities and won Baron Magazine's 30 Best CEOs in the World. Nick Sallnow-Smith was head of Hongkong Land, the Jardine Matheson subsidiary of the great English trading company that's so much a part of the history of Hong Kong. And Jeffrey Land [ph] was a legislator. We've got a lot of firepower on the board. This is going to be a subject, now that we know about the financing, this is going to be a very interesting subject. Were going to take into account the economy in China, the economy in Las Vegas, so much depends upon the upcoming election in America. No news to everybody. So we're going to measure everything.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Felicia Hendrix, Barclays Capital.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Steve, I was wondering if we could talk about Cotai, about Wynn Cotai for a moment? And can you just walk us through the permitting that you still need there? And when do you expect to get your construction permit? And what has to happen prior to that?
Stephen A. Wynn: Oh, you mean the permitting process. It goes in stages as you build in China. First is the foundation permit, which is currently under consideration as we polish up the presentation, I guess, it went in already. That will be forthcoming. We'll be driving pilings and digging, and excavating with augers the great caissons of the high-rise this fall. Once we get out of the ground, that will take probably the better part of the year as this from now. And then it goes very fast because it's just another pour in place building. It's pretty quick. The building permits are issued in stages as you submit final working drawings, specific construction documents that have very detailed stuff on them. And that's scheduled along with the rest of our construction schedule, to go along in stages and phases that match the moment. And it results in about a 46-month schedule. I can't tell you the date that you get a permit for one part of the project or another. But I can tell you this, that once you get to where we have been in the spring, then everything after that is pretty automatic. It's a technical schedule. I'm sorry, that I can't answer the question month-by-month. But the reason I can't answer it is because it's not important at this level of the company. It's handled. We've been through it before. It proceeds in a very orderly, predictable way.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay, great, thats helpful. And then as you think about the continued potential for Wynn Macau, just wondering if you could share with us some of the plans you might have to continue to drive incremental revenues there? I know you're always tweaking things, but do you have any specific plans to reconfigure public spaces, tweak the mix of your gaming floor?
Stephen A. Wynn: Good question. I'll give you an example of how delicious it gets over there. We have 52,000 feet of retail that's going to push $1 billion in sales before we're done this year, $900-odd million. Our profit on that, may be $170 million or $80 million, for a shopping center with was 52,000 feet. Think of what I just said, that the rental income is that high, and the profit margin on the rental income is 70%. We have -- have you been to the property, ma'am?
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Yes.
Stephen A. Wynn: You know the Esplanada Caf is right there in the lobby by the elevators. As a 24-hour restaurant, it's a little bigger than we need. The path of it is the buffet and the windows and the tables along the pool. The front half is a square that's 2,000 feet. The entrance is in the middle, between the front half and the back half. We decided that we didn't need the front half, that we could handle the business with the back half. So I went to a couple of our famous retailers, and for the moment, I'm not going to mention the name. But I said to them, 2 of them in particular, we had a little tennis match going. I said, Look, we think that the 2,000 feet's going to do $40 million. I want 15%, or $6 million for the space. Would you take it or leave it? Well, there was some bickering and some jockeying and offers and counter offers. At the end of the day, 1 of the 2 major international retailers paid us $6 million fixed for 2,000 feet. $1.5 million a quarter. $500,000 a month, fixed rent. Guaranteed for 2,000 feet. Those are the kind of options that you get. Now that's being done this summer and fall. And they'll be open, I hope, by Christmas or something like that, maybe a little later. We built a new junket room that's going to be open for Christmas. Another retail space by the -- a small one for jewelry at the entrance of the casino. We -- oh, yes, we opened up in -- late in the last quarter, we moved Tiffany across the hall where Fendi used to be, because they were underperforming. Tiffany paid to move themselves. And then, Louis Vuitton, that was doing $100 million in 28 feet or more, has now got another 2,000 feet since April 1, where Tiffany used to be and their store's become almost twice as big, and the sales are booming at Louis Vuitton, in spite of the economy in China. And so that will show up in the next few quarters as incremental income to us. Graff, the jeweler, opened up last week or 2 weeks ago, where our host area was, by the Wynn Club. And I saw Laurence Graff last week in Europe and he was thrilled with his store. He's never seen -- he told me, he said -- I saw him at lunch. He said, I've never seen like it, and we've only been open a week." So, you now, we tweak the space, and the game that's really adorable is the one with the retail. That is nothing but fun. And then Cotai, we're going to have 120,000 feet, not 52. Where -- I think we're going to get up to about 58,000 feet in this year, in retail. We're going to increase by 10%. But sales are really rocking there. And so is our rent, because we -- in all of our new leases we get 15%, which is terrific for us. Those are the kind of tweaks -- then we take tables away from junket operators, and give them to new junket operators. We take tables, add them to slots or take them away from general casino and vice versa, and try and maximize our income. But it's the kind of thing that the team over there does on a monthly basis.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: That's really helpful. I appreciate that. And then just a final question on the gaming side at Wynn Macau. On the direct VIP side of your business, I know you commented earlier about the junket side, but on the direct VIP side of the business, are you seeing any change in creditworthiness or liquidity from your direct customers at all?
Stephen A. Wynn: Linda?
Linda Chen: I don't see any change in terms of creditworthiness. But the collection, I have to say, it's a bit slower than before. So that could also be caused by the, like obviously, a slowdown economy. And the other part is, we are more cautious. We're definitely more conservative on issuing credit on the direct program side.
Stephen A. Wynn: So there's no credit for -- if you don't collect. You got paid 39% tax anyway. I think you're conservative. If you got your head screwed on right, and you going to pay a 39% tax, you better make sure you know what you're doing credit. Because it's very painful if someone jumps the fence.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robin Farley, UBS.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: I have a question on the position for doubtful accounts and then one on table mix. On provision for doubtful accounts, I know that the amount, the credit is $17 million. But can you give us a sense of what the full delta would be? In other words, that's normally an expense, so the full amount would be more than just the $17 million? If you kind of -- if you hadn't gone back and revisited your reserve level ?
Matt Maddox: I understand the question. It's a -- the charge under the old methodology would have been $14 million. So the delta's $31 million. And that's split 2/3 Macau and 1/3 in Las Vegas. The $14 million is really not a number that you should focus on though, because what you found in the first quarter in Macau, we had an $8 million incremental charge that reversed itself right away in April. So what we were fully reserved in Macau at 150 days and we found that was just overly conservative. So that got extended out to about 1 year, which is what caused the change. So while Linda said, collections has slowed a little bit compared to the way we were reserving, collections are still very, very good.
Stephen A. Wynn: We, in other words, to put it another way, Robin, we always thought that in China, that after 150 days if we didn't get the money it might be gone. It turns up, it shows up anyway. Much more if it shows up than we thought later. So they slowed down, but they didn't get bad.
Matt Maddox: That's right.
Stephen A. Wynn: In Las Vegas, we used to say, after 1 year, we're going to be 100% reserved if someone doesn't pay us in 12 months. Now we see money showing up so that we've extended that by several months.
Matt Maddox: To 18 months.
Stephen A. Wynn: To 18.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: What triggered you to revisit your reserve policies and reserve levels this quarter versus given that you've seen  that youve gotten more cautious about extending credit?
Matt Maddox: We have been -- at every quarter, we talk about how conservative we are. And our auditors and ourselves, after the first quarter charge of $8 million in Macau, which reversed itself after 1 week, determine that we needed to do a full hindsight analysis of everything we've collected relative to everything that we've issued. And when that analysis came back, we had the information on hand that made us change our reserve policy.
Stephen A. Wynn: Robin, one of the things that made us be so tight-fisted was that, all during these last 2 years, there have been rapid expansions of junket and new hotel rooms and new junket rooms in the market. At the same time, as the new hotels open up  Im doing Galaxy, the Sands' various operations, the expansions of their operations at the Four Seasons, the introduction a few years ago of City of Dreams. Everybody got very, very aggressive. And we sort of -- and they were using credit as a tool. And we said, oops, this could be very bad. The amount of outstanding credit in the marketplace ballooned. Ballooned. And we looked at that more than we did at our own books and said -- and Linda said, Steve, Im there once a month. And she said, "Steve, I'm a little concerned about this. The amount of money they -- we were playing the other guy's hands, really. The amount of money that these other guys are giving out is so big and these are our junket operators as well as theirs, they're the same guys that go from hotel to hotel, the junket operators. The amount of outstanding paper that some of the big junket operators have is staggering. I remember Marc Schorr looked at the books of one of the companies one day, who shared the numbers with him, and how much did he have outstanding in those days?
Marc D. Schorr: $250 million.
Stephen A. Wynn: Yes, one guy had USD $250 million outstanding. Well, that story gave us the willies. So we started tightening up, not based about -- so much on our own experience, but on an expectation that this could turn sour. Well, it didnt. And this hindsight analysis that Matt just mentioned has revealed that our worst fears were not realized. And therefore, we could resort to a more relaxed approach. And when I say more relaxed, less conservative than the extremes that we had gone to defensively in the past.
Matt Maddox: And Robin, just as a quick example. At the end of 2011, on a gross basis, our bad debt reserve was 44% -- 42% of our accounts receivable. At the end of June, after this adjustment, our bad debt reserve was 44% of our accounts receivable. So even after we made this adjustment, our reserve is still higher, relative to our receivables, then it was at the end of 2011.
Stephen A. Wynn: And I wonder how that compares to our neighbors. Do you have any idea?
Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: That's helpful, those reserve percentages. The other question I had is just looking at your mix of VIP at mass tables in Macau, because some of the wording in the release seems to suggest that some of the decline in mass table drop was due to fewer mass tables. And I guess I'm just curious what your thoughts are about shifting from back to mass, given the...
Stephen A. Wynn: Yes. Robin, you're very, very -- that was a very clever observation. You have perceived something that we share with you, and we are going to do exactly what you said.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jon Oh, CLSA.
Jon T. Oh - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: I have a few questions. I'll start with the comment that Linda made earlier about some of the weakness or some pockets of weakness we have seen in our collection. Are there any distinct or, I would say, anecdotes that Linda, that you could share with us if it's coming from a certain segment of your direct VIP play on the very high end or on the mid or low-end? Or any specific geographies in China where you're seeing a bit more difficulties in collection?
Stephen A. Wynn: She didn't say that.
Linda Chen: Okay so -- yes, I didn't, exactly. I was just going to say I didn't say that. Actually, I said, collection is a bit slower. The reason that we reversed on what we service is, we're still collecting. Now the first, obviously, I guess straight game collection is giving good credit. So when we are conservative in giving credit, we know that it's credit that's worthy the that we gave out that eventually we'll collect. The reasons sometimes the collection becomes slower is there are many reasons. One is obviously, the bit of slowdown in economy. The second is, because many could gain on more junkets are competing for the business. So when you have one player who's playing maybe, instead of 1 or 2 casinos, they're playing 5 or 6 casinos, then it takes a bit longer for them to turn around their receivables. So at the end of the day, they're not doubtful. They're not bad credit. But we're still collecting them, even though instead of taking 1 month, it might take us 2 months.
Stephen A. Wynn: Or to put it another way, the reason they're a little slower is because they can be. I mean, what's our defense? As long as they pay us. It's pretty hard to turn them down. The guy says, "Well. I didn't pay you in 30 days, I paid you in 60 or I paid you in 75, but I paid you. So I'm back again. I want to play." "When we -- you used to pay us in 45 days. It took twice as long this time." "Well, I'm sorry, but I've never not paid. Can I have my credit or can't I?" That's how it comes down. And when you take a look at his history. You say, "Okay, go. But, please try and pay quicker." He says, "I will." And then he doesn't. And I know you want to be in my -- our business. You want to change, you want anecdotal information, you want to sit in our -- stand in our shoes. That's what happens, just like I told you.
Jon T. Oh - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Okay. And just a follow-up on -- just to try and understand the advance commissions that you provide to the junket operators on your property. Matt, could you share with us some color as to what's the average number of months outstanding right now and perhaps any trends that you've seen? Is that number increasing, given the competition of new supply?
Matt Maddox: Sure. We settle by the fifth day on the following of every month.
Stephen A. Wynn: Yes. You asked the question about how many months.
Matt Maddox: Yes.
Stephen A. Wynn: None. We, unlike our competitors, we're out at the end of the month by 5 days later. We have held that line to our -- and it's caused some stress. What we do is we advance the guys during the month. And usually, we used to give them as much as we owed them. We settle with them in terms of what they received at the end of the month on -- at the first week of the following month. And they settle with the credit at the same time. Well, we started a few years ago saying, "Okay, halfway through the month, we'll give you what your expectation is for the rest of the month." That's sort of thing. We're zeroing out.
Matt Maddox: That's right. And you don't get 30 days from that midmonth advance. At the end of the every month. We -- you -- it's closed out.
Stephen A. Wynn: Yes, it's 15 day credit on the 15th of the month.
Marc D. Schorr: We don't have a rolling program.
Stephen A. Wynn: Yes, we don't use a rolling program. I'm really glad you asked that question. That's one of the main deltas between us and the other guys. That is still a conservative bias at Wynn Macau. Our exposure is limited.
Operator: And we have reached allocated time for questions and answers. I'd now like to turn the conference back over to management for closing remarks.
Stephen A. Wynn: Anybody in the room have anything they'd like to add to what they've heard today or expand? I invite everybody speak up. Scott? Maurice? Robert Gansmo or Linda? Marc? Matt? Well, then, thank you, everybody. We'll talk to you again next time. Bye.
Operator: Thank you for your participation on today's call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q1  (2012-05-07 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Matt Maddox - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Treasurer Stephen A. Wynn - Founder, Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, Chairman of Wynn Macau Limited and Chief Executive Officer of Wynn Macau Limited Ian Michael Coughlan - President of Wynn Macau Marilyn Spiegel - Principal Executive Officer and President Kim Sinatra - Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary
Analysts: Joseph Greff - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Shaun C. Kelley - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Steven E. Kent - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division William J. Lerner - Union Gaming Group, LLC Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Cameron Philip Sean McKnight - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Jon T. Oh - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Wynn Resorts First Quarter 2012 Earnings Call. Joining the call on behalf of the company today are Steve Wynn; Marc Schorr; John Strzemp; Matt Maddox; Marilyn Spiegel; Scott Peterson; and on the phone, Ian Coughlan, President of Wynn Macau; and Robert Gansmo, CFO of Wynn Macau. [Operator Instructions] Now I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Maddox. Please go ahead, sir.
Matt Maddox: Thank you, and good afternoon, everyone. Before we get started, I just need to remind everybody we will be making forward-looking statements on this call, and those statements may or may not come true. With that, I'm going to go ahead and turn it over to Steve for some opening remarks.
Stephen A. Wynn: Hello. We usually try and keep this short. Our business in Macau was fine. We haven't felt any terrible impact from competition. Our hold percentage on a comparative basis was a little lower. I think everybody knows that both in the United States and in Macau we get very high play. And so we experienced volatility probably on a little wider or larger scale than others. Sometimes that volatility works against us in short-term comparisons, and sometimes it works in favor of us. If we were to normalize hold percentage, we would have had another $15 million or $18 million in Macau in EBITDA in this first 90-day period. And if -- and in the United States especially, we experienced a premium hold position. As a matter fact, last year, in the first quarter was the largest hold percentage I ever heard in a legalized casino. It was 31%. So the comparatives -- comparative metrics look strange. But at the end of the day, in our business, short-term comparisons are -- in a volatile kind of casino are not really instructive. At the end of the day, it usually ends up, for us, in a normal range. So with that in mind, that sort of covers the numbers that we published in terms of EBITDA for the first quarter. I think everybody knows that we were finally given the green light on our concession, in the land concession, which will lead to imminent groundbreaking in the next few weeks. I'm finishing my negotiations with 1 of 2 major builders that can do the job in China. It's a very big job, so I'm taking my time in the final negotiations of the building contract because there's a chance to be a good shopper, so to speak. There's no new news on Okada legislation, or Okada legal issues, that we have to report. And I think this probably generally covers what I think is important today, and we can move on now to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Joe Greff.
Joseph Greff - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Steve, congratulations on Cotai. I know it's something we've been waiting for with bated breath for a while. It's nice to see you getting approved. Can you talk about, other than brown -- breaking ground on it, what the other timetables might be with respect to labor? And when do you start to see some acceleration in project capital spend? I know it's not going to be a lot for some time. And then I know you've had previous comments in prior calls about special dividends, but how do you think of about special dividends in the near term given what's going to be some level of spend in Cotai? And then if I can have a part 2 question. We noticed in March that your junket's Rolling Chip turnover on an absolute basis is nicely better than in February or January. Can you talk about what drove that, if that's additional junkets or additional marketing? What drove that? That'd be helpful.
Stephen A. Wynn: That was a 2-part question, Joe?
Joseph Greff - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Or maybe a little bit more than 2-part.
Stephen A. Wynn: Next time, maybe you'll give me a multiple choice, but, a, timetable. I believe that we will be 36 to 42 months -- 3.5 years, 42 to 46 months in that range for this job in Cotai, number one. Number two, with regard to that structure, we have spent 28 intense months. My design partner, DeRuyter Butler, and Roger Thomas and I, I think the 3 of us have probably done more of these than anybody else, but this is the work of our lifetime, 28 months every week to try and make this hotel in Cotai show the public in Asia and around the world something new. And I -- hopefully, we've achieved that. We've certainly taken enough time and drawn on every spec and every drop of experience that we've had. We've had the benefit of watching our competitors upgrade and improve their designs and presentations to the benefit of Macau, the Venetians, work at Four Seasons and at the Venetian. Certainly, the Galaxy group and the fellows at Melco have all gone to their strong game, and we've had the benefit of seeing all that, coupling it with our own experience and creative resources, and we're going to respond in a very strong way with these 2,000 rooms that we're building on the Cotai land. The property, as you know, is a landfill. So is Wynn in Macau was also -- Wynn Encore was also on a landfill. And we went down for foundations through 60 meters of landfill to get to rock to anchor our current buildings. This time, we're going to go down, in the high-rise portion at least, at the shallowest point of 78 meters and at the deepest point, 92 meters, with caissons that are 3 meters across, 10 feet. It has a lot of deep holes, a lot of concrete and reinforced steel bars. So drying out this land, which was going to drop at 1 meter or 2 in certain parts because it's wet in some places, and getting ready for pilings is going to take us several months. The foundation is the most challenging part of this job. Once we get to driving piles and we get up to grade, the building goes very quickly because it's poured in place concrete and every floor is the same. Even though the podium is very creative and unique and everything in it is unique, getting out of the ground is a trick. After that, it's pretty straightforward and simple, and we take advantage of a lot of economies and speed in China that are really not available in America. It is also true that there's a lot going on in South China, in Macau and Hong Kong in the form of public works and competitive construction. It's a lively part of the world, and there's great things going on. And so labor is an issue. The government is cooperating. They -- the way it works in Macau is the government is thoughtful, and they take thoughtful direction from the central government, I believe, if they think they need it. But the way it works there is that things take a certain amount of time. And then at the end of the period that has just concluded last week, when we got our land concession, the government makes a decision that this project shall now go forward. And when they decide that it shall go forward, then they're cooperative and helpful. That has been our experience exclusively through 2 major construction jobs. And I am confident that, that will be our experience again. If the government doesn't want you to build a building, then they don't give you the concession. When they give you the land concession, that means it's time to go, do a good job and get on with it. And that's what we're about to do. So those are my comments about the Cotai project at the eve of its groundbreaking. And we're going to be going lickety-split to get it done as quick as possible. If along the way we have opportunities to accelerate and foreshorten these periods -- I've been giving you the worst case, and we will. But right now, it looks that way to me. And I'm not yet ready for a final budget on the building we're working on that now, and we'll have that probably by the next quarter that we have one of these phone calls. Joe, you asked me, I think, also about our turn.
Unknown Executive: Yes, he says...
Matt Maddox: He asked about special dividend and then...
Stephen A. Wynn: Special dividends, oh. Special dividends are special dividends. You take those issues as you find them at the end of the year, and you measure all the other factors. My board weighs our financial condition at the time and the obligations that we've got under way and more specific schedule of construction. As you pointed out, though, we do have a healthy lead time and a very strong cash flow in China. So we'll discuss special dividends when it seems appropriate to take them under real-life consideration. I don't have any intelligent comments to make other than that today. And was there anything about the third quarter?
Matt Maddox: Well, I think, Joe...
Stephen A. Wynn: The third month?
Matt Maddox: Yes, I don't think there's anything interesting going on between January, February and March in terms of turnover. What we're seeing all the way up until today is volumes are up over last year in Macau on the VIP side. The market's still very robust.
Unknown Executive: I also think that the customers are coming back to mama. They tried all the other properties, and they're going to play where they feel the most comfortable. And that seems to -- what I'm seeing now.
Stephen A. Wynn: We have a big -- we had some big days when Sheldon opened up these new hotels. A lot of people came to town because of the excitement associated with the openings.
Unknown Executive: Those.
Stephen A. Wynn: And we had a -- we had $30-odd million days.
Matt Maddox: Monstrous, monstrous.
Stephen A. Wynn: We had some monstrous days. So a bunch of 20s and 30s. It was pretty good. But everybody in town did good if you look at those weekly numbers they publish. We were having these big, big volumes, and we were just under 13% of the market. So it shows you that it's still pretty healthy there by any measure that we can see.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Shaun Kelley with Bank of America.
Shaun C. Kelley - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I just wanted to ask about kind of what you're seeing more on the mass flow. You just touched on VIP in Macau. Mass dropped this quarter. It looked like it was only up low single-digit percentages. And in the market in the first quarter, we saw the market continued to kind of pick up on the mass side, so I just wanted to get your sense of market share-wise. I know you have some capacity constraints with the property, but what you're thinking about growth rates on mass was. And then a second one, if I could, would simply be operating expenses in Macau look like they were up a little bit again sequentially this quarter. Wondering if, a, there's anything in that, that would be nonrecurring; or b, just kind of what -- how to think about the run rate going forward.
Matt Maddox: Sure. So Shaun, I think one thing to think about in the mass casinos is make sure to look at our table games. If you look year-over-year, we transitioned a lot of table games from mass to VIP. And so our table win per unit in the mass floor was up 27% year-over-year. And so what that is, really is, we're just yielding our floor. We've added more VIP tables. And the drop was actually up over 3% year-on-year with -- but win per unit was up 27%. So we're just continuing to see very good volumes on the mass side and also in VIP. So -- I'm sorry, your other question was about operating expenses?
Shaun C. Kelley - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Yes, basically they were up about $10 million sequentially. It may depend a little bit on the day count there. But yes, so just kind of wondering, the second quarter in a row that -- in Macau that it's been a little bit higher. I'm just kind of wondering what -- if there's anything in there. I think last quarter you called out bad debt a little bit.
Matt Maddox: So Shaun, Shaun, the answer is if you look on the income statement in the press release, you'll see that bad debt expense was up $8 million. And that was all in Macau. It's -- what we said is we had a few large accounts that went past 150 days. We have a very conservative accounting policy. That is 150 days. We're fully reserved. And so we had a few large accounts go over 150 days. Our bad debt provision went up. We're 55% reserved in Macau right now, and our collections in the second quarter have continued to be very stable and normal.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Carlo Santarelli with Deutsche Bank.
Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Matt, I think you largely answered my question with your last response. But if we do look at it on a sequential basis and kind of extrapolate the $8 million that you mentioned against the EBITDA line, could you kind of talk about just general cost pressures at Wynn Macau right now? What you're seeing from labor, what you're seeing from maybe other segments on a fixed basis? That might be helpful.
Stephen A. Wynn: Ian, do you want to take that?
Ian Michael Coughlan: Sure. We, like the rest of the market, gave a general cost-of-living adjustment to our line employees in March. So you would have seen some effect from that. And also, we're coming into our sixth year of operations, so repair and maintenance expenses are on the increase. But there's nothing unusual there.
Stephen A. Wynn: Do we have no more questions?
Unknown Executive: Are we still on, Matt? [Technical Difficulty]
Stephen A. Wynn: There was a question that was asked.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Felicia.
Stephen A. Wynn: Felicia, one moment. Before this call was interrupted technically, a question was asked of Ian Coughlan. And I don't know whether the people on the call heard his answer, but let's repeat that question. It was about...
Ian Michael Coughlan: Additional expenses.
Stephen A. Wynn: Additional expenses and any cost pressures in Macau...
Ian Michael Coughlan: On the labor market.
Stephen A. Wynn: On the labor market and that sort. Ian's answer was that we gave a cost of living, like everyone else did, earlier this year, and a part of that -- to our line employees. Part of that filtered in. And we're 6 years old, and there may be a little bit more in repairs and replacements, but...
Ian Michael Coughlan: [indiscernible] nothing.
Stephen A. Wynn: We didn't see anything abnormal or unusual or -- nor are we feeling the same. And in case we didn't hear Ian's answer, I just repeated it. Now, ma'am, your question.
Unknown Executive: I think we lost her. [Technical Difficulty]
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven Kent with Goldman.
Stephen A. Wynn: Steve, did you hear our last answers? Were you able...
Steven E. Kent - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Yes, we -- yes, I did, Steve.
Stephen A. Wynn: You did?
Steven E. Kent - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Yes. Is that...
Stephen A. Wynn: We're a little mystified now. When the phone goes silent, we're a little confused about what's in and what's out. But we want to make sure we're responsive.
Steven E. Kent - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: The good news is we got it twice, so we...
Stephen A. Wynn: Oh, all right. You got it twice. I'm sorry.
Steven E. Kent - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: We're good. We're good on that one.
Stephen A. Wynn: Sorry.
Steven E. Kent - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Steve, can you just talk about 2 things? One is, occupancy in the Vegas properties seemed a little bit low, and I was just wondering if that's a part of your policy, to try and hold a premium price or hold rate. Or did I miss something on number of rooms out or something like that?
Stephen A. Wynn: Yes. We are, in fact, trying to hold the price. Our occupancy was -- our cash was okay, but our occupancy was low. And that had to do with a decision that we made and that impacted us in January. Okay, Marilyn, you want to address that.
Marilyn Spiegel: Sure. So in the quarter, you saw that we grew rate to $255. That's part of the strategy here to continue to push the rate. You could see that in the fourth quarter of '11, we had achieved a $250 ADR. And so the first month in the quarter, we tried to continue to push rate and verify the strength of the market. And so to have a $15 rate improvement in the first quarter, I think, is pretty amazing. And more importantly, with about 24,000 room nights less than last year, to have our non-gaming revenues grow was an indication that we're really focused on having the right people in our building: again people who stay with us, eat with us, see our shows, shop in our stores. And so we continue to try to press the rates.
Stephen A. Wynn: We had 2 conventions fall out, which hurt us. We had a couple of technical things that happened during the quarter that probably, had they not happened and they weren't associated with our pricing, would have probably taken our occupancy up, I don't know, Marilyn, how many more points?
Marilyn Spiegel: Probably 2 or 3.
Stephen A. Wynn: Yes. But we've learned to live with a little less occupancy to get the right people. As the boss said, to get the right people in. We don't -- our -- this place isn't set up for people that go to McDonald's and stay in the rooms. It's just not our clientele.
Steven E. Kent - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And Steve, could I just ask you a little bit more? Could you give -- for the new Cotai project, I know you don't want to give an exact number, but could you at least give us just a general round number of what kind of CapEx? And especially if you're breaking ground in a few weeks, you have -- must have some number in mind, maybe similar to what you've stated in the past?
Stephen A. Wynn: I have a number in mind all right. I thought it was little high, so we worked to value-engineer the property. And we have been able to do that, but I haven't confirmed what the revised number is. And I'd hate like heck to give a number on a conference call like this, have it get circulated and then have to back off it. So I think this would be a really good time for us to wait another 90 days and plant our flag on solid ground. Steve, I really think that's the best thing to do. We're adjusting some things in favor of reduced cost, and I'd like to confirm that we've done it and that they've resulted in the savings we expect. Then I'd like to put a number out there.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Felicia Hendrix with Barclays.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Let's try this again. Steve, earlier, when you were talking about your Cotai project, you used the word unique. And I was wondering if you could elaborate on that a bit more. Certainly, every property you've built in these markets has been unique. So I was wondering if you could maybe give us a better idea and, importantly, how your property will be differentiated.
Stephen A. Wynn: Two things come to mind in my response to you. First of all, we've had 6 years now, 6 full years of experience with the Asian customer. We've also had the benefit of watching the learning curve accelerate for our competitors. And they're very bright people, and if they looked at us and like what we were doing in some respects, they picked up on it. In some cases, they had their own ideas that were developed based upon their experience of these guests, and they've incorporated those things. And they've lifted the game: the customer sensitivity, the guest experience. They've lifted the game above and beyond of what we would find in the United States, except perhaps in our properties, meaning Bellagio or Wynn, the stuff that we've done. I have to say that they've lifted the game. We've taken that into account, and we said to ourselves, "We have to make this hotel on Cotai, in every sense of the word, irresistible to the guests." Now that's an expensive assignment to undertake. And thank goodness, Macau is probably one of the few places in the world today where one could accept the challenge of creating the best, the most irresistible place, dedicate the amount of capital it takes to do that and have it be an intelligent investment. We take Macau to be such a place. I'm sure that Sheldon Adelson found Singapore to be such a place. Asia is where it pays off. Asia is where it's justified. We have this wonderful piece of property that we've been lucky enough to be given a concession to develop. And so for 28 months, in anticipation of this dynamic, my design partner, DeRuyter Butler, and I, in conjunction with Roger Thomas, we've decided that we would take it to another level. And that, meaning that we would take every aspect of this building, from the point of view of the employees, the hotel guests, the restaurateurs, the tourists on the outside, everything, we would take it to another level and make it delicious. Now at some point here, we're going to have to show everybody exactly what that means. And we'll do it with pictures and words prior to the opening of the hotel while it's under construction. And I think the best time to do it with words is when we have the pictures as well. And we'll probably distribute all that in time for our next conference call and show everybody what we're doing. When I -- when we do, I'll be certain that everything is frozen and completely locked in. And it is really in that position already, but I just don't have all the pictures that I'd want to share with you. But we'll also be showing our competitors what we're going to do. And frankly speaking, I'm not in a real hurry to tip them off. There's -- the MGM people have not announced the project yet, and I don't want to show it to them. I'd really love to see them show their hand first, but it probably won't work that way. They'll probably get a peek at what we're doing.
Unknown Executive: SJM is in the same position.
Stephen A. Wynn: SJM is in the same position. And I think that we've -- historically, we've given enough demonstrations to the other guys to last them for a while. And the new stuff, I'd like them to wait and find out. So I'm being a little standoffish about it this time, and I think that's probably a good idea. So I'm not crazy about giving you an idea right now, to be honest. Sorry.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay, we'll just have to wait. But actually talking about MGM and SJM actually gets me to my next question because both of them seem optimistic that they're close to obtaining approval. And I'm just wondering, as you think about Cotai of the next 4-or-so years, do you envision seeing lots of cranes? Or do you think the government could stagger new casino construction?
Stephen A. Wynn: Good question. I know that Galaxy started. They're in Phase 2, and that project is under way. So it's another chunk of development, 1.5 million or 2 million feet, I guess, something like that. SJM and -- is certainly in a position to do something, and they will. And I suspect, based upon what Jim Murren says all the time, they will. I have no reason not to believe him, and I'm sure that one way or another, they'll figure out a way of getting the money together. It's going to be a bit expensive. Again, the price of poker's gone up in China. And based upon what we're building, if anybody has any real, strong ideas about the top end of the market, they're going to have to deal with the new hotel that we're going to build. And dealing with that may be a challenge, and we're lucky to have the site that we have. We're very fortunate to be in that position. But the other guys will do something, sooner or later. When the government gives them the final Gazette publication is something that -- is information to which I am not privy. And speaking of someone who's involved in this kind of processes, the government does it when the government's ready to do it. And there are steps in that. They have land contracts, then they have deposits, then they have the Gazette. And there's a sequence that takes place historically, at least in Macau. And maybe you can ask the people at those hotels or those companies where they are in the sequence. I don't know the answer to the question.
Unknown Executive: It took us 7 months from the deposit to the...
Stephen A. Wynn: It took 7 months...
Unknown Executive: From the time of the contract...
Stephen A. Wynn: From a contract through deposit to Gazette publication. So there's a piece of information for you. Does that mean it's 7 months for everybody? Not necessarily. That's up to the government. But just to give you a little indication of how that's worked in the past. And I think those kinds of time frames have been historically consistent, from what I'm told. But again, these are things that are strictly under the control of the government. And maybe those companies themselves have a clearer idea, if they answer honestly and candidly. In many cases, the government prefers that applicants for land concessions not publicize or preempt the government's decision making process, and publicity is restricted and statements are restricted until the government has made its decision. The decision occurs when the Gazette is published. Prior to the Gazette publication, you do not have a concession in Macau. Prior to the publication of a Gazette, you do not have the land concession under any legal interpretation that the government recognizes. And that's important to keep in mind.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And then, Matt, just quickly. I know that you guys aren't going to discuss how much the project costs right now, which is understandable. But if we think about how you'll finance it, should we just assume a 25% to 35% equity piece? Or is that not in the ballpark?
Matt Maddox: It's probably -- we're always conservative, so it'll be between 25% to 40% in equity and the rest will be financing that we'll start working on this year. We're only 2x levered right now on a net basis, so we're in a great position to put in a good financing package down at Cotai to make sure we have a lot of flexibility.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bill Lerner with Union Gaming Group.
William J. Lerner - Union Gaming Group, LLC: Steve, a question just back to Cotai for a second. When you -- obviously, the market has more and more strata as it develops, customer-wise. Who aren't you serving now that you might be able to? Or who's not in the market now, customer-wise, that you've designed the place for?
Stephen A. Wynn: Well, we certainly radically, dramatically increased our non-casino revenue profile at Cotai, more like the model of Las Vegas where the non-casino revenue really grows. Now I know it's very hard to create any kind of a casino where non-casino revenue compares to casino revenue in the People's Republic of China and Macau. I mean, our gaming revenue last year was $4.7 billion to $4.8 billion. It was interesting that with all the volatility that's associated with our American operation, the gaming board tells me that our $775 million casino win at Wynn Encore last year was the highest win ever recorded in the history of Nevada's licensed gaming operations. The previous record was $724 million, which incidentally happened to be Wynn in '07. So imagine -- and then we do $800 million or more in non-casino revenue, so we get more non-casino revenue than casino revenue. That's not going to happen in Macau for anybody, ever. What will happen, however, is that a percentage of our total revenue will grow much more in Cotai because of the entertainment, the shopping, the food and beverage and the room component. We are having 2,000 rooms that are, for all intents and purposes, all suites. So I think that we deal to everybody. But some of the promotional allowances given by our competitors, and the giveaways, the freebies, attract the lower end of the market more aggressively than we do. And that's okay. It's not our primary business. But as far as everything above the lowest end of the market, we're in there each and every day. We've got bus programs. We run dozens of buses from the...
Unknown Executive: We have casino promotions to promote the junkets.
Stephen A. Wynn: We have casino promotions. We have the best group of junket operators. We're very aggressive provided that we're left with a bottom line that makes sense. So I think that we're pretty much going to be going forward the way we are now. Also, I think I probably should add that there's a convention going on that's going to be added to the Cotai property that we'll be able to accommodate a convention component that's much more sizable than anything we've anticipated in the past.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robin Farley with UBS.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: I wonder if you could give us any updated thoughts on Japan and what you think the potential timing there could be and likelihood in Japan. And then also, I know in your initial comments about the dispute with Okada you said there was no update to that process. I wonder if you could just convey one thing. I guess is this something that -- an issue that both sides would like to settle or is everybody kind of prepared for this to take the years that a full legal process would take? Or would both parties kind of like to see things settled? Maybe you could just give us any thoughts on that.
Stephen A. Wynn: Well, Robin, I don't have any idea. I thought I did, but I don't anymore have any idea what Mr. Okada's mental attitude is towards anything. So I've given up on that. We acted, and we have completed our action. We redeemed the shares. We issued the note. And that stands. In our very, very comfortable opinion, it will stand, period. Now Mr. Okada has obviously filed a 100-page, mostly foolish countersuit, very much like the foolishness of the gift to the university. There's nothing we can do about frivolous lawsuits and -- except sit here and respond to them. And we will. We're totally prepared to do that. And we've also instituted our own lawsuit based upon the discoveries we made about Mr. Okada's behavior while he was on the board of the Macau Hotel and as an officer of an American company, Wynn Resorts -- as an officer and a director of an American company, and he was also the President, Treasurer and Secretary of Aruze USA. Mr. Okada comes under a host of legal requirements and laws and statutes, and it'll be his problem to deal with those. And we will prosecute our case for violation of fiduciary duty and conflict of interest until they're resolved. And whether Mr. Okada wants to settle or not, and how he would be able to do that, is a very serious problem and question for him. And naturally, as a company, we don't relish any lawsuits, especially those that we're forced to file as plaintiffs. And we certainly don't like being defendants in any lawsuit, but sometimes corporate governance and probity gave my Board of Directors absolutely no choice based upon the extensive evidence, the irrefutable evidence, that was put before us and on which major law firms, both in Nevada concerning gaming and suitability and corporate governance and the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act kinds of issues, we were given unequivocal legal advice as a board, as an American board, that was tantamount to telling us we had no choice. And so the actions taken were really not optional under any rational interpretation of corporate governance as described by the statutes that govern public companies today, from Sarbanes-Oxley to all the rest, the Securities Act of '33, as amended in '34, which -- and the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act. My Board of Directors had no choice whatsoever, which is why the vote was so unanimous on an issue as inflammatory as doing a redemption. So we did what we had to do in spite of the fact that there would undoubtedly be a countersuit, frivolous or otherwise. And we did it. And it's done. What happens next, your guess is as good as mine. We will prosecute the case here in Nevada for breach of fiduciary duty and conflict of interest with great gusto, armed with a number of facts that are documented and irrefutable. Mr. Okada will have to deal with that in due course. What his response to all of this is, is something I can't predict. Was there anymore? Did I miss a part of the questions?
Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Just on Japan and potential legalization?
Stephen A. Wynn: I don't have anything to tell you about Japan. The progress of potential legalization in that country has been staccato at best. And Kim?
Kim Sinatra: Well, there's really nothing new. And it's not moving along any more quickly than it has for a long time.
Stephen A. Wynn: It isn't rushing forward. There isn't any major development that I can -- that we're aware of. Everybody's sort of kept track of it, of course, but...
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Cameron McKnight with Wells Fargo.
Cameron Philip Sean McKnight - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Steve, a quick question on Cotai. When you're sitting down with the contractors that you're talking to, are you aiming for a guaranteed maximum price contract? And are you talking to. . .
Stephen A. Wynn: Absolutely.
Cameron Philip Sean McKnight - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And are you talking to some of the same folks that you used for the construction of Wynn in Encore?
Stephen A. Wynn: And others. Leighton and others and a fine firm like Gammon, which is a joint venture with a British company, and Jardine Matheson, old trading company of Hong Kong with a big construction company that builds all over the place in Hong Kong and Macau. Actually, Gammon built The Venetian. So we -- we're dealing with more than one builder.
Cameron Philip Sean McKnight - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: And when you, Ian and Linda are speaking to customers in China, what's the body language? What's the -- what are you hearing and seeing from them?
Stephen A. Wynn: Good question. Our customers seem to be sanguine. And -- but they're poker players. If they have felt any differently, I'm not sure they would share it with us. But they seem to be enjoying their disposable income with the same kind of enthusiasm that they have in the past, if that's the right way of expressing this.
Unknown Executive: Our retail numbers...
Stephen A. Wynn: Our retail numbers. Dig this. We have 52,000 square feet of retail in that hotel. It's going to 60,000. It's in the process of going to 60,000, but we have 52,000 at year end. We did over $1 billion in sales, and our rents were in excess of $120 million in a 52,000-foot store, group of stores. I mean, such numbers are unheard of. This -- the yield per foot is in excess of $20,000 a foot. We're at $40,000 at the -- we've got numbers of around $40,000 at Louis Vuitton, Chanel. And each of our stores, I have been told, represents either the best store in the world that they have or the highest yield per foot in the world that they enjoy or the #1 store in Asia that they have. And it goes on and on that way. It's extraordinary. Yes, in April, we opened up and doubled this. Louis Vuitton last year did $115 million in 2,850 feet. They just doubled this. We gave them the Tiffany space of 2,000 feet because Tiffany moved across the hall. And now Louis Vuitton, for the last 30-odd days, has got twice the store, and you still can't get it the place. We have to put stanchions in the hallway outside the doors to observe fire code occupancy levels within the space of the store. Now if you observe this in person, I don't know if you've been to Macau, it's quite something to see and even more puzzling to explain, except this -- and I offer this as an explanation about everything in China. If I can take a minute, I'm going to -- I have to give a little background to my comment. But I -- I'm welcoming this opportunity to share this with people who invest in my company and who cover gaming. People say that the Chinese people have an almost genetic predisposition to gamble. And I want to say that, that is not my opinion. My father, my grandfather came to America in the late 1890s along with all the other Europeans through Ellis Island impoverished, seeking a better life, worked for anything they could get and had children around 1915 and 1916, before World War I, and they had nothing. And those children mostly -- Frank Sinatra was born in 1915, my -- and Dean Martin, both of my parents were born in '16 -- none of them graduated high school, I think, to speak of. And they never had a good day. They were too young for World War I. They went off to fight in World War II or work in defense industries. But they came of age in the Great Depression, and that generation of Americans that are the parents of the baby boomers basically hadn't seen a good day in their life until after World War II in 1945. And they came home to bump into the greatest period of expansion in American history. And they worked hard and they were entrepreneurial, and they got a taste of the good life. And they were the first ones in all of their family trees to have anything like disposable income of any size. And what did they want? Cadillacs, diamond rings, mink stoles. They want to go to Miami, they wanted to see casinos, they wanted to see Frank Sinatra and Abbott & Costello and Dean Martin and Jerry Lewis. They wanted the good life because they had heard about it and dreamt about it, and for the first time in life, they could find and experience the good life. Casino gambling is colorful and dramatic and theatrical. It was part of the good life. And that generation, my father, my ex-wife's dad, they were all gamblers. They shot crap and bet baseball and football and were rather cavalier about their income for a solid reason: they made it themselves. Money was whatever they thought it was because they created their own wealth or their own income. And if they wanted to dispose of it in a way that other people might think was a little free, too bad because they could always go and make more. At least that's the way they thought in their heads. Well, let's take a -- and so that generation gambled. The second generation of that family, guys like myself, the baby boomers, had a slightly different -- we had the benefit of their -- our parents sending us to college. We were more sophisticated, in a manner of speaking, and our tastes ran differently than our parents and maybe gambling wasn't a priority. Different things became important. Think of China today. Nobody had any money before 35 or 40 years ago. It's all new money. What you're seeing is an explosion of pent-up demand for the good life. And so you want a real Louis Vuitton bag, you want a real Kelly bag from Hermes or the Birkin bag. You want a real Louis Vuitton or Chanel. You don't -- we've got a Rolex store that must be 500 or 600 square feet, does $80-odd thousand a day. And yet across the border in Zhuhai about 10 minutes away, you can buy what looks like a Rolex for $0.01 on a dollar. But they don't want any parts of the Lindy, the fake, the copy. They want the real thing. And that's the only logical explanation for what we're seeing in retail sales. And it also spills over and explains why men who've made their way in the world and made their own money feel that they have a right to play baccarat if they damn well feel like it. Now second generations have a different mentality and a different sensibility, and that shows up in Hong Kong as well. The sons of some of these people don't gamble as much. But Hong Kong and China are making millionaires and new money at a rate that the world has never seen before. So I don't see this diminishing the supply of people that want to have the good life. And that means that our job is to provide it for them. End of presentation.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Jon Oh with CLSA.
Unknown Executive: [Indiscernible]. [Audio Gap]
Jon T. Oh - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Evaluate incremental investments going forward. And maybe perhaps on Cotai, if you could share on how should we think about a return on investment as a benchmark or as a hurdle. Sheldon Adelson publicly declares that he does not evaluate anything unless it hits the 20% cash on cash ROIC. I wonder if you have any of that, that you can share with us on what is appropriate for you. And also broadly, on your appetite for incremental investments, how many simultaneous projects do you think -- are you able to, for example, do 2 at one time given your understanding of the size of your company and also your appetite for putting on debt on to your books?
Stephen A. Wynn: That's a good question. We have an enormous amount of capacity. And in terms of -- I think you say Shelly said he wants 20% cash on cash? Oh my God, we invested $1.5 billion in China. We made $1.2 billion last year. Our cash on cash is 80% or something like that. So I think Sheldon has outlined a very intelligent -- made a very intelligent remark. I would subscribe to what he said. We wouldn't do it either unless it was 20% cash on cash. But I think we can handle that number comfortably, building to it once. If -- when Singapore came up, we had to withdraw because we were 8 months away from opening Las Vegas and about 18 months away from opening -- or 15 months away from opening Macau. We had neither hotel. We had $3.7 billion worth of start-up, and we had no cash flow. It was impossible for us to undertake an assignment in Singapore under those circumstances without being deemed to be reckless. And we're conservative, not reckless. However, that has all changed now. We have capacity, we have organization, we have outposts in Asia and in America and the kind of a balance sheet that let us do pretty much -- take advantage of any opportunity that made sense. Could we do 2 at once? Well, now we could because I just finished 28 months of design development. This project now goes into construction mode and the more -- and the wonderful challenges of staffing and other preparatory things of that sort. But in terms of designing another place, I'm ready. DeRuyter Butler, who's sitting next to me, and I could start right away. The Wynn design development team is very busy in executing what we've -- what we're doing now in China. But the first step on another project would be the creation of the concept, and we're ready to do that. So we could handle 2. We could handle another project now, easily and anywhere. You won't see us withdrawing from something that we believe in at this stage of our company. But in 2004 and 2003, we were a much different company. To compare us, for example, to Sheldon Adelson's Sands Corp., his 8- or 9-year head start on us as a company -- remember, the Wynn Resorts didn't exist before 2002. Our current size and everything else about us is only 10 years old. The Singapore business, for example, came when we were almost prenatal. So it's changed now. We're alive and well. We're a jumping teenager. We got our best years in front of us, but it hasn't always been that way. So I subscribe to what Sheldon said as a minimum return, absolutely, and I think we can do better.
Matt Maddox: Thank you, everyone, for joining today.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q4  (2012-02-02 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Matt Maddox - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Treasurer Stephen A. Wynn - Founder, Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, Chairman of Wynn Macau Limited and Chief Executive Officer of Wynn Macau Limited Marilyn Spiegel - Principal Executive Officer and President Ian Michael Coughlan - President of Wynn Macau Robert Gansmo - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Joseph Greff - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Shaun C. Kelley - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Mark Strawn - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Jon T. Oh - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division Kenneth Fong - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Harry Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division Steven E. Kent - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Cameron Philip Sean McKnight - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Thomas Frank Marsico - Marsico Capital Management, LLC
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Wynn Resorts Fourth Quarter 2011 Earnings Call. Joining the call on behalf of the company today are Steve Wynn; Marc Schorr; John Strzemp; Matt Maddox; Marilyn Spiegel; Scott Peterson; and on the phone, Ian Coughlan, President of Wynn Macau; Robert Gansmo, CFO of Wynn Macau. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Mr. Maddox. Please go ahead, sir.
Matt Maddox: Thank you, and I thank everyone for joining us this afternoon for our fourth quarter conference call. Before we get started, I just need to remind everybody we will be making forward-looking statements under the Safe Harbor and Federal Securities Laws, and those statements may or may not come true. With that, I'm going to turn it over to Steve Wynn for opening remarks.
Stephen A. Wynn: Well, today is a particularly delightful day for us because about 1.5 hours ago, we opened up to the rest of the world our brand-new Wynn Resorts website, which we've taken a great deal of time to make beautiful and special and ultra-user-friendly. And anybody who's on the call wants to see our best effort, go look at our new website and check out Garth Brooks. He does a video of himself, a lot of great things on the website, but it's brand new and we launched it an hour ago. Mike and -- Mr. Weaver [ph] and our company and everybody else have been on this for months, and we're very proud of the product.  And as far as the last quarter and the last year, we've got 2 hotels, really, the Encore Wynn complex with 4,700 rooms and 1,000 rooms in Macau. And between the 2 of them, they managed to produce a cash flow and EBITDA of $1,630,000,000, which is not bad for 2 buildings, and we're very proud of our staff for the good job they did.  I checked with the gaming control board, and interestingly enough, our casino win in Las Vegas at $776 million last year was the all-time historical record for a gaming license facility in the state of Nevada's history. It exceeded the previous record of $764 million, which coincidentally, and delightfully enough, was held by Wynn Las Vegas in 2007. So in all in all, it was a good year, a lot of international business in America, a robust and wonderful season in Macau. And I guess, you've got the numbers, ask the questions. We're all ears.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Carlo Santarelli with Deutsche Bank.
Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I have 2 questions. First, I wanted to discuss with you guys how you're thinking about the balance sheet and cash flow here over the near term. If we assume to put the bulk of CapEx for Cotai, is probably a few years away yet. And then my second question is, it looked to me in the quarter like OpEx, nongaming OpEx, at Wynn Macau went up. I'm wondering if there was actually any incremental expense creep there? Or if that more had to do with the distribution of where you may be played lucky on a rev share basis or with your junket customers.
Stephen A. Wynn: Linda, you want to answer that question or Ian? Linda's on a collection trip. You can do it.
Matt Maddox: Sure. On the -- for the quarter in Macau, you saw operating expenses, excluding taxes and commissions, go up to $1.5 million from $1,350,000. The vast majority of that was bad debt expense, which was, for the year, fairly flat, but it bumps along throughout the quarter. So what you saw in the quarter was a little bit of a pickup. And so that debt was really the story in Macau. And there's a little bit of incremental payroll expense as well. In terms of our balance sheet and cash flow, I think what we've done in the past, it continues to be a good indication of what we'll do in the future, we look for new projects, we find them, finance them conservatively, build them. And with our free cash flow, we've had a very generous dividend policy, and that every year that's decided on a case-by-case basis by our board of directors.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joe Greff with JPMorgan.
Joseph Greff - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Steve or Ian, this question is for either 1 of you or both of you. In Macau, can you talk about the competitive dynamic there? We saw last night with 1 of your competitors have some initial success in what they would consider their junket re-affiliation initiative. Are you seeing either any direct or indirect competitive pressures from that? And then I have a couple of follow-ups from that.
Stephen A. Wynn: Well, I'll answer that question. Do we feel any competitive pressure in Macau? Oh my goodness, we sure do. To the credit of our competitors, when we opened up in '06 in September, we were sort of in a category of our own, physically speaking, and we matched that with a service level that was, I think, sort of new for the town, and we were rewarded appropriately for those initiatives. Our competitors, I think, to a certain extent, got tired of always seeing our yields per foot and our yields per table as high as they are. And paid more attention to what we do and we see their designers and their executives trooping through our hotels almost on a daily basis, and to their credit, have done some beautiful work. The casino hotels and the gaming spaces and the restaurants and the offerings that are being put forward by Galaxy, by the Sands and by City of Dreams and SJM are really terrific. And everybody gets smarter and everybody gets sharper. And that makes us all work harder and we take that all into consideration, of course. I get a smile of my face. We get to go last in Cotai. And maybe we'll have some new moves to show our friends. But in the meantime, they're doing a d*** good job, and we feel it all the time. Have to stay on our toes to hold our position. You have some follow-up questions, sir?
Joseph Greff - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Yes. You introduced at the topic of Cotai development. Obviously, there was nothing in the earnings release, and there's nothing out of the Macau market. How are you thinking now in terms of timing? Or is it really the status quo from where we were just a few months ago?
Stephen A. Wynn: Well, we are working assiduously on the perfection of all of our drawings and specs, which are part of the process of developing a new hotel. So we don't waste our time as the clock ticks down on the way that government approvals roll out. Our best process is to just keep our chin down, pay attention to the things that we control and they're under our direct supervision. And of course, as licensees or as concessionaires in Macau, we await governmental action when the government thinks it's appropriate. So I'd guess what I'm trying to say, if I can address your question, is that, nothing much has changed except we're working in Macau on the Cotai project, doing the kinds of things that are necessary for it to be completed in the future, and a lot of that gets done in anticipation of the government taking its final action.
Joseph Greff - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay, that's fine. And then Matt, if we were to normalize Macau, hold there in both VIP and mass, where would we end up with a normalized EBITDA run rate? And if you could help split out the cash balance between Macau and Las Vegas/corporate, that'd be great.
Matt Maddox: Joe, we usually don't give the exact number. We hold a little higher in VIP. It's 3.18% to the typical 2.95% to 3.0% and then in our mass market, if you actually look since Encore opened, every quarter, we held, I think it was 29%, 28%, 28% and then this quarter was 30%. So we continue to hold quite high in our mass market casinos since Encore's opened. So normalizing it is hard, with just a little over a year and a half under our belt because we continue to hold quite well there.
Joseph Greff - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And the cash balance split, Matt?
Matt Maddox: It's about 50-50. Foreign and U.S.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Shaun Kelley with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Shaun C. Kelley - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I just wanted to ask about Chinese New Year. Obviously, a lot's has been made about the kind of the macro situation in China, but wanted to get your thoughts on what you guys are seeing on the ground as far as just general levels of activity and excitement both in Macau and Las Vegas.
Stephen A. Wynn: Well, there's plenty of business in Chinese New Year. Both over there and here. The levels in Las Vegas were a little less than they were last year, but that's because I think partially a reflection of the --
Matt Maddox: Calendar.
Stephen A. Wynn: Of the calendar. And the calendar, incidentally, has been against us since New Year's, American New Year's, because last year, we had the perfect rollup with the long, long weekend, so the maximal -- maximum duration of vacation time for our guests. This year, the calendar reversed on us, and this is the shortest type of arrangement when stuff drops on Saturday night. And the calendar plays a big role on these things like Chinese New Year and American Christmas, New Year's. So and again, I think probably it's because Asian customers have so much choice in Asia, as well as the United States, that this business gets spread out a little thinner. And that's why we hope the market continues to grow.
Shaun C. Kelley - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: That's helpful, and then just 1 on the Las Vegas REVPAR. That came in a little bit below the market averages and I think you guys have generally been price leaders in that market. So just kind of curious, did you find it harder to push rates in the fourth quarter? And kind of how are you thinking about 2012 on the -- just on the room side for Vegas?
Stephen A. Wynn: Marilyn I don't know what that's exactly.
Marilyn Spiegel: It's really -- I don't know -- our hotel revenue was up 11.7% and our ADR was at 250. And so we had more rooms. We only had 1% of our rooms out of service this year versus 9% last year. But we have a consistent strategy of identifying lodgers who are going to stay in our hotel, eat here and go to the shows and shop here. And so we were pleased with the increase that we have in REVPAR. We can always be bigger, but we achieved greater than last quarter and we were down a little bit from the third quarter, but third quarter is a monster quarter. Sometimes, we had good convention business in the third quarter, so --
Stephen A. Wynn: I -- if I can add to that, I think you ought to step back. Wynn Encore Las Vegas went from $270 million last year to $430-odd million --
Matt Maddox: $440 million.
Stephen A. Wynn: $440 million. I mean, if that's not robust growth, I don't know what is. And that involved improvement across the board.
Matt Maddox: In fact that, out of the $160 million or $170 million of EBITDA increase, $60 million or so came from the casino, and $110 million came from non-gaming in EBITDA increase year-over-year. The hotel tripled in EBITDA. It was -- there was --
Stephen A. Wynn: Hotel, retail, everything, performed better this year than it has in the past, so we're quite satisfied with that. I'm not sure we quite understood the origin of your question, but I hope our answer's helpful.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Strawn with Morgan Stanley.
Mark Strawn - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: One quick follow-up in Macau. I was -- you mentioned new competition that's entering the market on the VIP side. Are there things that you're doing specifically, whether it's, maybe changing over to tables to more VIP tables or signing up more junkets to start to drive that business incrementally?
Stephen A. Wynn: Yes. The answer to your question is yes, to all of the above. And it's a fine line on these calls between answering your questions and sharing strategies with our competition. They're doing very well without our help, and so the answer is yes. We understand the competition. We feel it. We see it. We really enjoy the fact that the market gets better. In the long run, the most important thing about Macau will not be so much the amount of construction and development that takes place in that place but, more importantly, the quality of the things that are built. I saw Galaxy when it opened. I thought it was terrific, and they went and spent a whole bundle of money since they opened on yet again, tweaking the place, and making it better. And I mean big money. I don't have access to their internal financial numbers, but I can tell you that they made some serious upgrades in their very first year of operation. I think it's true also of the Sands that literally, hundreds of millions of dollars have been spent in making Four Seasons, Venetian and those places even better. And that portends a better future for the market as Macau takes its place as the real center of tourism and excitement in the Pacific. So I'm -- we're watching all this. And, we're playing in that game. We've got the experience, the capital. And I think the staffing, the people, who stayed right up there and hold our position. That doesn't mean that it's true every single day. But it positively is true over the long run. You can take any period of history of gaming in Nevada, or Atlantic City or Macau, and you will find that our facilities and our people generally outperform, room for room, table for table, anybody else in the business. We're a younger company than some of our competitors. Remember that we started in 2000. We didn't have a facility open until April 28 of 2005. We weren't in Macau until September, the first week in September of 2006. And yet, this year, our increase was almost -- was up, I guess $0.5 billion, almost. Our increase in profitability of those facilities was almost $500 million. Now most people would call that really getting along, but it's hard. It's very, very difficult. We're up against smart people who know what they're doing. And have gotten smarter each season.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jon Oh with CLSA.
Jon T. Oh - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: I have 2 questions. I'll start off with -- along the same vein of competition in Macau. Could you maybe then paint us in the context of CapEx and OpEx going forward? Do we -- should we expect any fresh level of spending to potentially keep your properties more up-to-date with some of this new, fresh competition that has come out, which has been faring pretty well amongst the VIP players?
Stephen A. Wynn: You talking about in Macau or Las Vegas?
Jon T. Oh - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: In Macau.
Stephen A. Wynn: We're constantly tweaking Macau. We -- we're left now, having developed all of our 14 acres on the peninsula. We're left now with rather subtle adjustments within the building itself. And I don't think that any of those numbers rise to the level of conversation on a call like this today. [indiscernible] Yes, and then we're coming up on the 5 years when we've -- redo the rooms, but they were already better than most of them in town. Encore is new but, the Wynn's 600 rooms will be redone shortly in a manner consistent with what we did in Las Vegas, which was quite a nice upgrade, and very well received as you could tell by our rates. Marilyn's taken perfect advantage of the wonderful look of Wynn in Las Vegas. So everything's pretty new in our company. We keep everything bright and shiny to the best of our ability. It's one of the main reasons we're so conservative about our balance sheet, so that we can always stay fluffed up.
Jon T. Oh - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: All right, great, and then my last question is on incremental projects in the United States, and we've read about your intention to do something out in Massachusetts. Could you tell us, how do we balance that potential CapEx outlook in some of these states in the U.S. versus the ongoing CapEx commitment you have in Cotai already? And how do we then view that versus your cash commitments of your annual dividend of $0.50 per quarter and also the trend on special dividends that we've seen in the last 2 years? How do we tie this up together and just have a view on what's going on with respect to the appetite in the U.S.?
Stephen A. Wynn: It's a very good question. You sound like a member of the board when you ask a question like that. And it's a proper question. That's why we call the extra big dividends special because there's no guarantee that they will always be there. They're special. Our regular dividend, we approved one yesterday, of $0.50 a quarter, is another story. That, we have every intention of keeping as a regular dividend. When you talk about new jurisdictions and we're a company that is a primary concessionaire in Macau, and we own 50-odd acres or we have access to 50 acres of developmental land in that community. When we talk about our investment and the return on it, you get a certain picture that's very attractive. When you talk about jurisdictions in the United States, such as Massachusetts, the calculation has to be very precise, the capital investment has to be appropriate and management is called upon to make careful distinctions about opportunities versus costs. That's a challenge for all of us in this room. Mr. Maddox, Mr. Strzemp, Mr. Schorr and the rest of us, that's what we do in the parent company. And we pay careful attention to that as these processes move step by step forward. As you know, in Massachusetts, for example, there's a threshold issue of local community approval. That's concomitant with the calculations that have to do with investment and return on investment. I think the way I would put it, to respond to you directly, is that we look at our capital, we look at our debt, and we say, "Okay, what are our opportunities? What can we afford to do without compromising our balance sheet and make sure that our investments have a proper return on invested capital?" Last year, in Las Vegas, and in the previous months preceding that, we spent $80 million or $90 million remodeling this hotel. We redid our Baccarat. We built the Beach Club and Surrender, and all of those investments had handsome, stunning returns. So we were able to invest money in the United States, within our own facility. That made sense. Building new hotels in the United States is a complicated issue at the moment, and it's very, very dependent on the political environment that shapes the opportunities we have and we're engaged in a very spirited national debate about economic priorities and the role of government and regulation. We're particularly sensitive to any kind of regulation that involves financial institutions. We're certainly sensitive to issues of healthcare, because we insure all of our employees. So all of these factors weigh heavily in our calculations. And it's an ongoing process. I guess that's about all I have to say on the subject at the moment.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kenneth Fong with JPMorgan.
Kenneth Fong - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I'd like to ask for Wynn Macau, what is the account -- the casino receivable in the fourth quarter compared to third quarter? And particularly on bad debt expense, what is the advantage to ForEx regarding to Macau? And then my last question is, for the better provision, is it a function of your accounts receivable going up? Or if are you seeing the credit quality basically deteriorating for customers?
Matt Maddox: Yes, so that's not the case. Our bad debt provision was basically flat year-over-year. And if you look at where we are, we continue to be well north at 50% reserved on our receivables. We have the most conservative policy out there. And year-over-year, which you'll see in our balance sheet when it comes out, you'll find that our bad debt reserve as a percentage of our receivables is flat. And so we have not seen anything today that has caused any alarm in Macau or here in Las Vegas as it relates to receivables.
Stephen A. Wynn: And finally, I want to add for maybe the 50th time in these kinds of conversations, we are a company that absolutely does not use credit as a marketing tool. We give credit to appropriate parties in appropriate amounts. And in the 44 years that I have been doing this, we have never once, in any company that we've managed, Mirage Resorts, Golden Nugget before that and Wynn, we have never, ever exceeded our reserve. We're a company that thinks that credit and marketing are 2 separate subjects. And the alternative to that strategy is very disastrous.
Ian Michael Coughlan: Just to be clear on the earnings release, you see provision for doubtful accounts of $33 million for the full year compared to $28 million. And actually that increase is almost all of Las Vegas and it's because of additional play in credit issued in Las Vegas, not because of the quality of the credit. And Macau has been relatively flat year-over-year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Harry Curtis with Nomura.
Harry Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Two quick questions, one for Marilyn. Marilyn, if you could give us some thoughts on how you expect Las Vegas trends to look in 2012 versus 2011 and any hard data on bookings. What sort of expectations you have for pricing lift, convention demand, that kind of thing? And then, Steve, in a very sensitive topic, not sure what you can say about the Okada relationship, but do you have any sense of what the end game here is on his part?
Stephen A. Wynn: Yes, I think -- yes, I'll go first, Harry. We've enjoyed Mr. Okada's participation in the company for all these years, I think it's 12 now, and we wish him well. We have a sharp disagreement, the entire board of this company and, in fact, the board in the Hong Kong company, we have a sharp disagreement with our colleague with regard to the Philippines. And we have expressed our conviction that it was not an appropriate business opportunity for us for a couple of years now. For reasons that are best known to Mr. Okada, he has not enjoyed that disagreement. I guess that's the proper way to put it, and it's created a problem for him in that it expresses itself, I would guess, in dissatisfaction with our decision. But the decision is unanimous among all of the board members. And when it's been communicated to Mr. Okada at various board meetings and privately by myself, he finds that stressful. And we've also taken a very strong opinion about not wanting to give the impression that Wynn Resorts was the developer of the land that he's acquired in the Philippines. And this has created some stress between us, unfortunately. How it ends up, I don't know, except that Wynn Resorts doesn't -- nor -- and this is the unanimous opinion of the board of directors, that we are not going to go in business in the Philippines. Mr. Okada may choose to do so, but he does so without the organizational support or the financial support of the company that he is an investor in at the moment. So Harry, I guess that's about the best way to put it, and I think that the publicity that's attended Mr. Okada's dissatisfaction is unfortunately a reflection of his frustration with that decision of the board.
Harry Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Is he so unhappy that it makes sense to make him an offer that he can't refuse?
Stephen A. Wynn: Well Harry, I think you're -- we're getting a little ahead of ourselves here. I think the most important thing for us to say today is that we respect Mr. Okada's opinion and his ability to direct the affairs of his own operation at Universal. It used to be called Aruze. It's now, I think believe, I believe he calls it Universal Gaming and Entertainment. And he has to take full responsibility for what he does with that company. I will take full responsibility for what we do with this company, and that is the way it will remain.
Harry Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Okay. Let's -- why don't we move back to Vegas then?
Stephen A. Wynn: Okay, there's Marilyn.
Marilyn Spiegel: Okay, so you want to talk about the convention business. And in 2011, we had a really breakthrough year in our convention channel, and we see 2012 to be on a similar level in terms of convention channel revenue. I know some of our competitors have talked about they're even seeing wider increases, but we had such a great year. We -- we're hopeful that 2012 comes in at about that same level. We are seeing the first quarter being pretty much flat, so January last year was great. This year, February is great. You add them together, they're equal. We're getting a little more rate in the convention channel. But we are very cautious about July and August. Every year, July and August are tough years to book in Las Vegas. And so we, from the inquiries we've had, we anticipate that there could be some deep discounting in the market. So perhaps we broke out earlier in convention channels than competitors, but we are looking forward to a good year as we're coming in at about the same level.
Harry Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: So this -- so there won't be any mix lift that would allow you to raise your transient rates much?
Marilyn Spiegel: Well, transient, we're going to be pushing on transient, we as Steve mentioned, we have a brand new website. We're seeing additional inquiries and bookings through our website, even prior to the new website being launched and some transient's an important channel to us and we are continuing to grow that. We grew it quite a bit last year.
Stephen A. Wynn: Marilyn, I would add this. When you operate a hotel like Wynn Las Vegas and Encore Las Vegas, or the both properties in Macau, time is your friend. Guest experience remains the only essential truth and power source of franchise in the industry that we're involved in. And when you give guests a better experience, when you give them a better product, time is your friend. And you pick up hotel guests and patrons on a long-term basis, 1, 2, 3, 40 at a time, and that franchise grows. That's why you see our room rates higher than our neighbors, and our friends in up and down the Strip or in Macau. And that's the only thing left for us to do, Harry, is the basics better. I wish we could go faster. I sure wish we were in Singapore. That would have been great. But you should remember that when Singapore came about, we were still -- in '04, we were still 8 months away from our first opening in Las Vegas and 1.5 years or more away from the opening of our hotel in Macau. So we weren't ready for the opportunity in Singapore. But that's not true anymore. We have the capital structure, the organizational depth to handle growth and expansion as we go forward. But you have to just sort of sit on your thumbs sometimes and wait for it come to you. But when the opportunities present themselves, we jump on them and we do a good job. And we're all young around here so, except for me, and we're satisfied with our progress. That's it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven Kent with Goldman Sachs.
Steven E. Kent - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Just a question on the tax rate, Matt, should we -- what should we be thinking about for next year? And also, I can't help but ask the question, I've never heard this before, what is a collection trip that Linda Chen is on and what do you do?
Stephen A. Wynn: You go around and ask guys to pay their money. You call around and beg and cry and whine and plead to get the receivables. And that's what it is, Steve. We take them out to dinner and beg, typical. But we're getting good at it. We've been begging for 44 years.
Matt Maddox: And on the tax rate, I think it will be somewhere between 2010 and 2011 will be, I think, it's a good estimate. Each year, this year we had a large reserve that we had to take back at 12/31 because statute of limitations hit on FIN 48 reserve we had. So that's when you see a big credit. In the fourth quarter, we actually couldn't do it beforehand and there was that some...
Stephen A. Wynn: Was that because you over-reserved?
Matt Maddox: You just can't take it from statute of limitations. It expires and so you know it's finished. And so I would say it will be somewhere between '10 and '11. That's about as much as I can give you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robin Farley with UBS.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: I just wanted to circle back to your comments about Chinese New Year. And when you talked about it being down, I think that was just the Vegas comment. So I wondered if you could talk a little bit about Macau and there's unofficial market share numbers out there and just kind of the change in January from Q4. I know that can be due to just fluctuations in hold, so maybe you could give us a little color on what you see happening with market share.
Stephen A. Wynn: Well, as I say, the combination of calendar and/or market share can give you a different picture. I think we're -- if you adjust everything, we're around 13% of the market. The market's gotten much bigger. There are a lot of tables and machines in Macau, for example. We still focus on that other number, Robin, which is our fare share. What is the ratio of our cash to our equipment in the marketplace, and we keep growing. I don't know. Am I responding, Robin, directly to your question?
Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: I guess in general terms, and I guess I was hoping for a little bit more specific in terms of kind of Q1 and what you're seeing.
Stephen A. Wynn: Well, January was better this year than last year because we had Chinese New Year in it in both places. I don't mind saying that. We had robust growth in January over previous year. Now to tell the whole story, we've got to see February and March unroll. And, frankly, it will be interesting to see. But Super Bowl and President's weekend were -- are in February this year. And last year, we had Super Bowl and Chinese New Year, sort of double up -- the perfect calendar. So sort of like a perfect storm. We'll see how February rolls out. We had a whopping month in February last year in Las Vegas, I think the biggest one in our career. Yes, we made $62 million in 1 month at Wynn and Encore. Pretty good for 2,700 rooms. I don't think anybody does as well as we do, even if they have more rooms than we do. And as I said before, Robin, I wish we had more. But we build these things sort of 1 at a time, and patience gets the money, I guess, in our case.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Cameron McKnight with Wells Fargo.
Cameron Philip Sean McKnight - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Steve, wondering if you could comment on what you think about the macro outlook for China. And when you and Linda travel around the country, what's the -- what are you hearing and seeing from customers that you speak to?
Stephen A. Wynn: The businessmen with whom we have regular discourse in China, in mainland China, and Hong Kong and Taiwan are all feeling very comfortable about their country, the leadership of the government as it relates to managing the challenges that face their economies, and there's a sense of stability there that, at least, that we gleaned from -- that we infer from our conversations with the folks that are robust businessmen in that part of the world. So if you ask me what are we getting from them, we're getting a feeling of a good tomorrow, a healthy Chinese economy. Everybody has challenges, and you can sit around and you can conjure up problems that could affect China, just as you can for the United States. I think you look at the situation in real-time and you see that we're struggling in the United States mightily and there isn't signs of a mighty struggle in China at the moment. Macroeconomics, if we're qualified to discuss such a subject, that -- we're getting it through people. And of course, we see it with our numbers. So and yesterday, Sheldon Adelson had his call and we got a sense of -- I think you might've gotten that from him. I don't know how our comments compare to his. Most of you were probably on that call. I didn't hear it, but did you ask that question of the Sands folks?
Cameron Philip Sean McKnight - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: No, I didn't.
Stephen A. Wynn: Well, did Matt -- did they give their opinion on that? On such a --
Marilyn Spiegel: No, they did not. They did not.
Stephen A. Wynn: They did not. Well I've given you ours. Is there anybody at our table that would like to add to that? Ian, you're on the call. You and Robert, how do you feel about that? Robert, Ian, what do you think?
Ian Michael Coughlan: I think the general view out here is steady as she goes. There's a desire in China to maintain momentum and there's a regime change at the end of the year, so I think there's a desire to keep everything focused and steady. We're -- there's a lot of chatter all the time about liquidity issues, about economic rolls around the corner, but everything seems to be moving steadily in the right direction. There's a desire for stability always in China and we're not seeing anything locally. Chinese New Year was very strong there was a little bit of dampening because you had 2 New Year holidays almost back to back. But the general growth has been very good. We've absorbed extra mouths here in Macau with Galaxy. We didn't have Chinese New Year last year in Cotai. But the sentiment is pretty positive. The growth levels in Macau won't be a significant disaster, really.
Stephen A. Wynn: One of the things that is reassuring in this Chinese discussion, everybody knows what's going to happen in China next year politically as far as leadership goes. And no one knows what's going to happen next year in the United States as far as political leadership. We probably tend to be a little more apprehensive and paranoid here than they are there. That's another feeling I would get talking to businessmen in the United States that are across the board, frightened and unsure of the future politically and, therefore, economically and fiscally in the United States. I don't feel any of that from our Taiwanese or our Chinese business colleagues, nothing of that sort like we have in the United States at the moment.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tom Marsico with Marsico Capital.
Thomas Frank Marsico - Marsico Capital Management, LLC: I just wondered if you have -- you had noticed any decision-making among the Chinese officials around the approval of new sites to start in Cotai as it relates to the change in leadership of China? What were your -- what are your expectations considering building the new facility in Cotai as it relates to the change of leadership there?
Stephen A. Wynn: Tom, we gather our information from public statements made by governmental officials on official public occasions. And the government of Macau, for example, has stated in statements to Legco and other fiscal moments in their processes that companies, in particular SJM, Wynn and MGM, will be developing in Cotai. Now those statements, we read in the paper and we observed from the government in the past months. They tend, in that country, to make their statements public and their policy statements public, and they don't really change or alter any of that privately. And that's pretty much the way it stands as far as we know today, Tom. And those statements made by Secretary Lau, Chief Executive Choy and others.
Thomas Frank Marsico - Marsico Capital Management, LLC: And the timing between the Gazette announcement and a formal announcement from the government varies depending upon project and situation?
Stephen A. Wynn: Yes, it does vary. And as I say, there's enormous public works going on in Macau. The light rail system has begun. A host of new projects, the university which, of course, got some publicity because of our involvement in education, there's enormous amount of public works going on. All of the projects, public and those concerning private companies, all go through the same departments in the government in the Special Administrative Region, and they have limited resources and an enormous demand on their time. So what happens is that things get handled in due course, and you're left with only 1 option, and that is to be patient and respectful of the process.
Thomas Frank Marsico - Marsico Capital Management, LLC: I understood. Steve, a couple of years ago, there were -- there was a lot of building going on and there was concern about facilities for the workers to stay in Macau and also the inflation that it was causing in that area. Are the people in Macau, the government officials, comfortable with the level of inflation in the area as it relates to wages, as well as the number of workers that are available to work on these projects given the extensive nature of the activity that's going on there?
Stephen A. Wynn: The government has expressed its understanding and insight into the pressures created by public works and private expansion, and has recognized that in principle, in terms of their discussions about allowing the labor force to adjust appropriately as long as the people of Macau are fully employed, which, at the moment, they are. They certainly observe the inflationary pressures that have been created by the rapid, massive expansion of the economy in Macau. And they ask us on many occasions, to please be very sensitive to the needs of our employees, especially those line employees who feel the pressure of rising costs for housing and such living expenses in Macau. And they ask us to please be sensitive, to keeping our employees even and hopefully ahead of that curve by our treatment of wages. We respond directly to that. And all of us, when I mean all of us, not only Wynn Resorts, but Sands and Galaxy and the other concessionaires, have responded appropriately to the government requests, which are always reasonable, I might add. But they do say to us, "Don't forget to take care of the people, don't forget to take care of the people", and we do, as well as we do in Las Vegas as well. We gave, in the last 2 years, a couple of cost of living increases to our employees, as well as investing capital in our facilities. So that's how it plays out over there, Tom.
Thomas Frank Marsico - Marsico Capital Management, LLC: If I wouldn't -- if you -- if I could ask another question, getting back to Las Vegas, the changes that you've made to the entrance of The Tower Suites are terrific and the flow is a lot better. And obviously, the big investment you made in Encore a year ago or so. Are you anticipating any new changes in Encore to get that hotel to the level that you'd like to see it to be, Steve?
Stephen A. Wynn: Yes. We, in fact, are in the midst of some, we consider, very exciting options that we have available. When we laid out -- it is a very technical question, Tom, and I'm glad you asked if this is an appropriate time. When we laid out Encore, that place was configured to anticipate the flow of humanity through the door on the west side, which is the Strip entrance and anticipated the rather dramatic development of the Frontier property with the Plaza Hotel of Las Vegas and Echelon Place by the folks at Boyd Gaming. As you know, both projects were aborted, leaving empty property on the other side of the street. Our performance last year, considering we're at the end of the Strip, is all the more remarkable. And the fact that we hold the record for the history of Nevada in gaming revenue, is all the more remarkable, considering that we don't enjoy the kind of pivotal central location that Bellagio does, for example. So we look at Encore and we say well really, the source of the humanity in Encore is not from the west to the east as it is at Wynn. It is in fact, from the north, which is where our poque shares [ph] and hotel towers are located. It's from the north to the south towards Wynn. And so we've got a casino actually that is 90 degrees off center terms of its acceptance of the flow of people. So one of the things that Marilyn and the rest of us have been looking at and Maurice Wooden and my colleagues in this facility, is to rearrange the flow of Encore and its gaming facilities in a -- on a different axis. And that also would allow us to employ a central entertainment attraction on the south side that would draw people through it. Now this conversation that you've drawn me into tends to be very technical about the way myself and DeRuyter Butler and the folks at Wynn design development work and take advantage of flow. I think that it's something that we understand, as well as anybody in the history of our business. And we've come to the conclusion that there is very little likelihood that, considering the political environment in America, the business opportunities that we are going to see any robust development across the street on the other side of the Strip. So we say, all right, that's the way it's going to be. Let's just take advantage of it. And so we're thinking of some changes at Encore that would be very exciting and would work to our advantage. So pretty much Encore's rooms enjoy sort of a terrific little niche in the market as a mini-suite hotel. And only in Las Vegas would we call a 2,000-room hotel a mini suite hotel, but that's what we are and so that's how that works. And so we look at that and we've got big eyes for it. We also have a terrific opportunity, we're going to reconfigure -- you saw the lobby and the new high limit slot area is performing extremely well for us where Blush was. As we strengthened the south end, the south side of Wynn with a new lobby and the new gaming area that opened up on Christmas, we're also considering a -- an exciting new development for this space that was occupied by Alex's restaurant. But those are basically the kinds of manipulation of the Las Vegas property that we see looking ahead.
Thomas Frank Marsico - Marsico Capital Management, LLC: So the opportunity at Encore could be substantial if you come out with a good plan for the flow of traffic in your community?
Stephen A. Wynn: We're certain of that. And I think we've got -- I think we've drawn a bead on it, and I think we've got it in our sights. As a matter fact, we're all pretty excited about it. That's what we do, Tom. It's nice to talk to you.
Operator: We have reached our allotted time for questions. I would now like to turn the call back over to management for any closing remarks.
Stephen A. Wynn: Mark, anything that you can think of? John? Kim, Matt? Andy, do you have anything you want to add? Or Robert?
Robert Gansmo: No.
Stephen A. Wynn: Okay, well everybody should take a look at our new website. It's a dandy. Thanks, everybody. Talk to you next time.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-10-19 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Ian Michael Coughlan - President of Wynn Macau Stephen A. Wynn - Founder, Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, Chairman of Wynn Macau Limited and Chief Executive Officer of Wynn Macau Limited Matt Maddox - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Treasurer Marc D. Schorr - Chief Operating Officer, Director, Member of Gaming Compliance Committee and Director of Wynn Macau Ltd
Analysts: Janet Brashear - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Harry Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division Janet Lu - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division David B. Katz - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Dennis I. Forst - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Joseph Greff - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Mark Strawn - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Shaun C. Kelley - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Wynn Resorts Third Quarter 2011 Earnings Call. Joining the call on behalf of the company today are Steve Wynn; Marc Schorr; John Strzemp; Matt Maddox; Marilyn Spiegel; Scott Peterson; and on the phone, Ian Coughlan, President of Wynn Macau; and Robert Gansmo, CFO of Wynn Macau. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Maddox. Please go ahead, sir.
Matt Maddox: Thank you, and thank you for joining us today. Before we get started, I just need to remind everybody, we will be making forward-looking statements under the Safe Harbor of federal securities laws, and those statements may or may not come true. With that, I'm going to go ahead and turn it over to Steve Wynn for some opening comments.
Stephen A. Wynn: Well, I think the numbers speak for themselves. The only comment that I would make is that we had a lower hold percentage in Las Vegas. If we normalize it, it would take us up over 100 instead of maybe 5. And things get back to normal in October, which is a sort of a landmark month for us in both markets. Business seems terrific. I know that everybody is studying market shares since Galaxy opened, and my comment is the same as it's been in the past. It isn't so much about market share, which, in our case, depending on hold percentage, goes between 13% and 14% if you normalize hold percentage, but our bottom line keeps climbing. And about the dividend, we are doing our budgeting on the work that's going to unfold in the next few years in Macau, and we have alternative investments. And you can count on the $0.50 a quarter dividend, but I think special dividends are, in fact, special, and there is no certainty about what the board will decide to do about that going forward. I think we can take questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Joe Greff of JPMorgan.
Joseph Greff - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Obviously, a big topic for investors is whether or not tightening of liquidity in mainland China is going to have an impact on the Macau market VIP segment. And I know it was very early, but maybe I'll leave it sort of open-ended. But maybe with respect to credit, if you can tell us what you're seeing thus far either on the direct side or the junket operator side or in terms of repayment lengthening, are you changing anything with respect to reserving? I know you are likely very conservative with respect to reserving, but if you can sort of answer those topics, I'm sure investors would love to hear that.
Stephen A. Wynn: Okay. Joe, first of all, we don't, at the present time, see any change. That's the answer to the first part of the question. Second part of your question was I acknowledge the fact we are conservative, and we were -- we've never had to increase our reserve because in the 40-odd years I've been doing this, we've never had a special charge because our reserves were inadequate. And if that were to happen, it would be the first time in 43 years. So I think that's about all there is to say on that subject. As you and other investment community professionals are keeping an eye on China and the American economy, so are we. And you view these things with varying degrees of optimism in China and pessimism in America.
Joseph Greff - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. Great. And then maybe these are questions for Matt, quick ones. With respect to potential project financing on Cotai, and, Matt, how are you thinking about the timing of that? And then if you can maybe help us understand the breakout of cash on the parent's balance sheet between Las Vegas and Macau?
Matt Maddox: Sure. So of the $1.8 billion, it's about $1.1 billion offshore and $700 million onshore,at this point in time. And in terms of financing, we have an excess cash in Macau, more cash than debt. And so we will go through a very typical investment-grade style bank financing probably sometime next year to finance Cotai, and it will be a combination of cash flow and bank debt.
Operator: Your next question comes from Carlo Santarelli of Deutsche Bank.
Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: If you guys wouldn't mind commenting, maybe, on some of the trends you're seeing more recently in October both in Macau and Las Vegas, I think that would be helpful for everyone.
Stephen A. Wynn: Well, October is gangbusters. We always tell you about the month when we're doing it. And were they 17 days down, Marc?
Marc D. Schorr: Yes.
Stephen A. Wynn: We've got 17 days.
Marc D. Schorr: I have 18 days in Macau. 18 days in Macau and $73 million.
Stephen A. Wynn: Yes, 18 days, $73 million, how does that sound?
Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: That sounds very good.
Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And in Las Vegas, it's just close to $1.5 million a day or something like that, $1.25 million. For the year, we are operating about $1.25 million a day. Our best year was $420 million, and we got a shot at $450 million here in Las Vegas, which sounds good -- great. And that means that instead of losing $200 million or $300 million, including depreciation, we'll lose less. But we've got a ways to go before we start reporting real taxable profits in Las Vegas. We have lived through '09 and '10, and this much of '11 with 3 quarters of $1 billion in operating losses. I mean, in losses, including depreciation. And I know that we don't use all of our depreciation by any means in any given year. But in this business, we really do ultimately use the number. On the current period, it may be 1/3 of $240 million in Las Vegas. But eventually, it catches up with itself. And we don't have a lot of interest, as you know, because we've got very fancy balance sheet. Both of our bonds and our debt, although they are nonrecourse in the People's Republic of China and Macau and in Las Vegas, as you all know, our debt in both companies is investment-grade. So we like being in that position to take advantage of future opportunities, and we protect that status jealously.
Operator: Your next question comes from Shaun Kelley of Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Shaun C. Kelley - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Just to follow up on October a little bit more. Steve, I think you said that you see competitive environment and the market shares were relatively stable, but I wanted to dig in a little bit because we have heard a little bit about, particularly a couple of your competitors trying to move around some market share, maybe getting a little bit more aggressive on the junket side, just have you seen that activity? And kind of how are you thinking about the promotional environment in Macau right now?
Stephen A. Wynn: Well, it always happens when a new place opens up. They get very aggressive to try and dig in. We get a little migration for a few months, and then it comes back. And it has and it is. And the things that put us in the position we're in, in the first place have not changed. You can't buy business in Macau, nor can you buy business in Las Vegas, Pennsylvania or anywhere else. Most casino companies that are managed professionally and well are dispensing promotional allowances at a level that is pretty much maximum, or as much as they can dispense consistent with prudent long-term management of the enterprise. So that means that it stops anybody who's mature and intelligent from coming in and redefining such things. It can't to be done, not intelligently and not without being self-destructive on different levels of service levels and other things. So we give and share our revenue with our customers at a level that is consistent with our service levels and the security of our employees. Now if, every once in a while, you get a new executive with his head up his butt and says, "Aha, we can do this or we can do that," they get over it or they get replaced. We feel secure in our position in Macau. Take a look at Macau, you can look at anybody's profit after interest and depreciation. And our thousand rooms makes more money than anybody, even if they have more hotels.
Shaun C. Kelley - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: That's helpful. And then I think I just wanted to maybe switch topics real quickly and get your thoughts on -- domestically, there are some really interesting opportunities that have started to kind of boil up all of a sudden in probably Massachusetts which seems like it's virtually a done deal, and then also in Florida which is probably a little further out. But your thoughts about domestic expansion, given kind of the investment environment in the United States today, and how you weigh that against the kind of money that you're probably very committed to spending in Cotai when it comes available to you?
Stephen A. Wynn: Well, you're right. There are some very pregnant opportunities that are presenting themselves in Massachusetts and Florida. Neither jurisdiction has made a final decision that we can measure quantitatively in order to make a determination for ourselves. But those are very interesting markets. And when we sit here in Las Vegas and look at these things, we ask a couple of questions. First of all, what is the deal that, that state has put on the table? How strong is the invitation? How serious are they? Are they motivated strictly by tax revenues or by employment or a balance of the two? Do they want capital investment and long-term growth and job security for their employees? Or is this a quick down and dirty, how much can we grab? Those jurisdictions usually have a dim future. But I'm sensing that Florida, for example, and Massachusetts are acting in a more stable way. I remember once in Illinois, they had a meeting and changed tax rate overnight by 15% to 20%. That wouldn't even happen in China. I mean, that is really rough, but they had 10 riverboats and they didn't care. In Massachusetts and Florida, I'm sensing a much more serious and mature political approach, and long-term economic growth approach to jobs, as well as the construction and all the rest. And so we're looking at it. The second thing that we look at, besides the invitation that the jurisdiction puts on the table is, does our brand fit? Can we really be value-added to Massachusetts or Florida? And can we be value-added to our shareholders? Those are not always the same thing. It's the reason why we're not in the riverboat business. It's not consistent with what we do best. I'm feeling very positive, in a very preliminary way, about Massachusetts and Florida. I think those jurisdictions have potentially a great deal of promise, and we will look at them seriously, as we have been for the last several months. And hopefully, there will be a business opportunity there, in which case we'll step up and put our credentials on the table and try and satisfy the political leaders and other decision-makers there. I hope that answer is helpful.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Strawn of Morgan Stanley.
Mark Strawn - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: One quick question on Las Vegas. Have you guys seen any changes to the base of -- I'm sorry, the pace of leisure and group demand in Vegas at all, as you look ahead?
Stephen A. Wynn: Marilyn? Marilyn Spiegel will answer that [ph], because she runs the show here.
Marilyn Spiegel: So between leisure and transit demands, you say?
Mark Strawn - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Just more leisure broadly, leisure as a whole and group as a whole.
Marilyn Spiegel: Well, leisure has been pretty stable for us. We've seen big improvement in ADR for the leisure markets. So actually, in the third quarter, we saw a 21% improvement in our leisure ADR. And when you think about convention, we had another great quarter in convention. So we booked strongly, and we are strong again in the fourth quarter and ADR is up in convention also.
Mark Strawn - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: You haven't seen any disruption to that booking pacing on the group side where you have a little more visibility?
Marilyn Spiegel: First quarter is still coming in, we think we'll be similar to last year. January is pretty close, and the financial market sometimes, the CNBC and analysts can cause some shaky consumer confidence. And so that impacts us. We've seen people who are waiting for their 2012 budgets to be approved, and so they haven't committed to January. March for us in Las Vegas is a challenge because con and ConExpo [ph] is not going to be here this year. It's on a rotation, and so we have a hole. So with less compression in the market, we may see the same or a slight decline in ADR in convention rooms for the first quarter. But for the year we project a pretty stable amount as we've seen this year.
Operator: Your next question comes from Harry Curtis of Nomura.
Harry Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Steve, back in, really, up to the late '90s, if you built something really inspired in Vegas, demand in Vegas increased more than the supply. And I'm wondering if you still think that's the case in Macau, and how long this runway is, where if you build an inspired property that demand is going to exceed capacity growth?
Stephen A. Wynn: Matt, you want to answer that?
Matt Maddox: His question was: Will Macau -- will continuing to play in Macau generate more demand? And, Harry, our opinion is, I think Macau is probably in the third or fourth inning of development. And if you look at what's going on in Cotai, there's continued to be excess demand for the current supply. In fact, if you try to book a room at Wynn Macau on any weekend between now and the end of the year, it would be almost impossible. So if you look at it today, I think this era could easily support a Wynn Cotai property. And 5 years from now, we think that the market has continued growth underneath it.
Stephen A. Wynn: Sheldon probably will come online in '12.
Matt Maddox: Yes.
Stephen A. Wynn: With those 2 new hotels. They have some casino space. They're not enormous, but is an additional capacity for our tables and slot machines, as well as rooms.
Matt Maddox: And the retail.
Stephen A. Wynn: And the retail as well. Our retail business in Macau, we've got 40 -- I'd say $45 million revenue, right, when you look at our reports. So that's $30 million worth of profits. We've got $120 million [indiscernible] and 60,000 [indiscernible]. Our retail business is high-end. We've got these very [indiscernible] it's going to be $120 million in EBITDA additions. This is [ph] quite phenomenal, the desire for good life. Folks of the People's Republic of China are demonstrating they go on vacation and they love to shop.
Harry Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: So, Steve, if you parse the depth of the markets between the mass side and the VIP side, how close are you to the early innings in each of those markets?
Stephen A. Wynn: A good question, you and Marc, and I know that's your point of your subjects.
Matt Maddox: Steve...
Stephen A. Wynn: Is Ian on the call?
Matt Maddox: Yes, Ian is on the call.
Stephen A. Wynn: Ian?
Ian Michael Coughlan: Yes, Steve?
Stephen A. Wynn: What's your take on that question?
Ian Michael Coughlan: I mean, we can only look at history every time a new resort has opened in Macau it's been fully absorbed, and visitor arrivals continue to grow quarter-to-quarter. There's plenty of business out there in all aspects of the market. Every single source of business we have is strong, so we're not concerned about that at all.
Matt Maddox: And one thing is, Macau, while it says 25 million visitors or so, that's really probably 4 million or 5 million unique visitors coming multiple times a year. So if you think about where the growth of the market could go with new unique visitors, that's why we think Macau, with all the infrastructure improvement, could continue to grow pretty quickly.
Stephen A. Wynn: It's probably 1% or less of the upscale citizens in the RC. There are 300 million -- 0.5 billion [ph] to 300 million people that are enjoying what we would call a middle class or better standard of living in China -- we're way less than 1%.
Operator: Your next question comes from Robin Farley of UBS.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: I'm just curious on your comments about the special dividend, and maybe you're keeping your powder dry until final Cotai approval or until your project financing is done next year? Or is there -- you're keeping your powder dry for something else?
Stephen A. Wynn: I think the comments I made about the dividend stand as I said them, Robin. I don't think there's much point repeating it. I'm not evading your question, but I think I covered the ground. There've been a number of reasons why Cotai, other opportunities that the board considers -- special dividends is special. And I don't think that we should take it for granted that there are going to be any, nor should we take it for granted that there won't be any. It's a changing, fluid situation.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And then just if we could return just for a moment to the issue of credit in the VIP market in Macau. So not a question at all of you not being reserved enough or anything about collectibility, but I'm just wondering if you're seeing anything just anecdotally out there, just with credit, with collectibility just being out there for more days and maybe people asking for more days than they normally have in terms of repayment, just anything along those lines?
Stephen A. Wynn: Yes, I understand the question completely, Robin. And the answer is in a word? No. If it were to change, it would be, I think, irrelevant, inappropriate discussion to have on a call like this. But the answer has to be no at this time. And we consider the question very seriously, so there's not much point in skirting the issue or shilly-shallying on something like this, but we don't see it now.
Operator: Your next question comes from Janet Brashear of Sanford C. Bernstein.
Janet Brashear - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: A quick question about the -- a follow-up to the Miami business opportunity. As Florida looks at new integrated resorts, and they're talking about a $2 billion minimum investment, is your view that the market's deep enough for 3 new concessions? Or is that too many from a return perspective?
Stephen A. Wynn: Well, that's a very good question. Florida has always been one of the places in the world that was most perfectly suited, South Florida, Miami, to -- and Miami Beach, to becoming a vastly expanded destination resort, not just for Latin America, but for Europeans, for Eastern Coast Americans, and for people from Texas and all over the United States. Florida, its climate, its ancillary offerings of beaches and restaurants and shopping. Miami is a fabulous place, and if it were done right, in my opinion, Miami would take off and become one of the 2 or 3 greatest destination resort cities in the world. I remember, as a young man, going to college in Philadelphia and my parents moved to Miami Beach, and we lived on Pinetree Drive, and my folks had a cabana at the Fontainebleau in the '50s and early '60s before my dad died. And everybody came to the Fontainebleau from all over the world. It wasn't just New Yorkers, it was everybody. The hotel redefined destination luxury and fun, the greatest entertainers, the wealthiest people, the greatest shopping all took place between the Fontainebleau and the Eden Rock and the Americana hotels. The destination was created because of the development, not in spite of it. Now I had a conversation with my neighbor, Sheldon Adelson, who was a little bit more conservative in his view, but I think both of us agree that Miami has the opportunity of becoming something quite extraordinary. It won't happen with racinos, that doesn't even get on the radar. It's a false start, and it's been a false start everywhere that they've tried it. It's regressive, it's homely, it may make a buck or two for the operators, but it does nothing, really, for the local economy jobs. If they solve the tax rate, it generates a few bucks for the government, the fiction that it helps the horsemen is exactly that, a complete fiction, and that's been proven over and over again. But the existence of large employment-based destination resorts has the capacity to change the economies of the communities in which they exist on several levels, primarily by the huge payrolls of such places, they hit the economies like a freight train. And secondly, by the people that it brings from outside the region into the region. So I am on a macroeconomic level highly positive about the implementation of large destination resorts in Miami and Miami Beach. However, that comes down politically. It's very, very important that the government decide to do it intelligently, and they have numerous case studies to examine. Mississippi, where the tax rate was low, to encourage big capital investment; Las Vegas; and Florida has everything going for it. Massachusetts has the population base. Both places would be great. On the other hand, in New York City, it was a racino at Aqueduct, altogether different story. In my view, it produces an entirely different result. So that's the basis of -- but the core question is, can they support 3 of them? If they're done well, if they're positioned properly, if they're managed intelligently, absolutely. It could become a $2 billion or $3 billion market, Matt?
Matt Maddox: I think, yes, that's about right.
Stephen A. Wynn: Maybe more over time?
Matt Maddox: Yes.
Janet Brashear - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Can I follow up on a questions with Ian for Macau as well? And that is, as demand continues to grow, is the capacity at your resort becoming a constraint now? And how much can you continue to improve your yields from here?
Stephen A. Wynn: That's a Marc Schorr question.
Marc D. Schorr: We're pretty -- it's pretty constrained right now. I mean, we're at the maximum table limits right at this moment, so now it's just getting the best customer into the facility.
Stephen A. Wynn: Is Linda on the call? Not, but Ian is. Ian, what's your take on that question?
Ian Michael Coughlan: I think we're fully formed after ramping up Encore. There is still opportunity to increase business, as Marc said, optimizing our products and game mix. Looking at our table and slot yields, we continue to be very active in making sure every table is yielding as much as it can. We manage table limits very effectively. And there are still opportunities for growth during the week, and at certain times on the weekend. So we are building a bigger customer base, our players are coming and playing longer, so there's still room for growth. We're also looking to hold on to operations, and we continue to tweak where we can.
Marc D. Schorr: Our yield, I think, were up 47%.
Stephen A. Wynn: Look, let me put it to you this way. I'll read you a number. Here's an up-to-the-minute year-to-date in Macau. $956 million. Last year, $651 million, an increase of $304 million or 46.7% in EBITDA. What does that sound like to you? I mean, there you are, you're looking at the same thing I'm looking at, right through yesterday. So I don't know what the rest of the month will look like, and we'll discuss that in great detail when we review the fourth quarter. But I look at these numbers every morning when I wake up, I get them before 7:30, and that's what I'm looking at. And that's in spite of the competition. If I look at the month...
Marc D. Schorr: With competition you're up 30%.
Stephen A. Wynn: Yes. And even for the month, we're up 30%, another $17 million, and that's with a -- on $73 million this month, so we are headed for another one of those $100-plus-million months, and that's all I have to say.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Katz of Jefferies & Company.
David B. Katz - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: I wanted to just ask about the Cotai development project. We've certainly read the announcements that you've put out, and I think Steve commented earlier about expecting to start to spend a little bit. And there certainly has been some commentary gathered in the press, which can add to some confusion about what the next steps are in the process for moving this project forward. Can you talk about, a, the amount of spending that we should reasonably expect the next year or two; and to the degree that you can arm us for what next steps along the way in this project we should look out for, I hope that would be helpful.
Stephen A. Wynn: The government issues a draft contract, you approve it, discuss it, and then you sign it. We've done that. That's usually associated with the final stages of the choreography in Macau. And they set a premium, they did that. You then wait for its publication in the Gazette. At that point, the land process, the land concession grant is completed, and during this process, you're free to -- you're encouraged, as we have already done, to submit your plans, and we've done that. So you get very far down the line, but you have to always be mindful that the government of Macau follows a very set procedure. They do not vary, and you don't get to rush it or change it. You live with it and respect that process, and it moves along at the speed that they think is appropriate. And then you respond, and we are encouraged that we're part of that choreography, we're part of that schedule and the march to completion. All that's taken into account, and, really, there's little more to say to that, except that when the Gazette publication takes place, and you're ready to hit the ground with actual foundation breadth of work. Hopefully, you will have been approved for your foundation drawings. There's a great deal of work that does -- that takes place on a subterranean basis in a landfill. I remember studying a chart 2 months ago with my colleagues that showed, for example, if you're interested in this, the high-rise has columns on 36-foot centers and there are 40 of them. There are 40 structural bays that are used for suites and rooms. A regular bay is 2 rooms, and sometimes 2 structural bays are used for super deluxe suites. The building is 98 feet wide. It's extremely deep because the rooms are 45 feet deep with an 8-foot hallway, which is -- you only see 8-foot hallways in villas. Well in Cotai, our typical hallway is 8-foot wide and 11-foot tall. So what happens is that we have 40 columns, 40 structural bays and we have 4 of them across the building. There's one on each outside window and 2 on the interior. So that's 160 major columns that support a high-rise. Those things are caissons. Those are 10 -- 8- to 12-foot holes that go down until they get 6 feet into rock, on which there are -- on top of which there are caps that we rest the columns of the heavy hotel. Those 160 caissons alone, I looked at a chart that shows how deep they go to get through the fill of the land and into the -- 6 feet into rock, and in some cases, we're as deep as 92 meters and as little as 78 meters. You can imagine the work. And then you have the rest of the public area that involves 15, 20, 25 acres. And those -- the rest of that podium building, which is 3 or 4 stories tall that houses the casino, restaurants, VIP rooms, showrooms, spa, swimming pools, villas, and all the rest, garage, those things rest on pile caps. Pilings are nails or spikes that go down as far as I just described in clusters of 6 to 8, like if you put your fingers on the table and the top of your hand was the cap, and you rest the columns that support the steel columns, that support the public area on those pile caps. So between caissons and pile caps, you've got 10 months or a year of work. Now that's exactly the way Wynn and Encore were built, and all the other hotels that you're familiar with that belong to our associates and other companies. But subterranean work in Macau is quite a bit different than, for example, building in New York City where the entire island of Manhattan rests on solid granite. And you can erect huge skyscrapers with a mat foundation, not so on landfills. So when you take that into account, you spend a lot of money on foundations. Once you get out of the ground and you're up at grade level, then the buildings are pretty much traditional and they go very fast, a floor a weak, stuff like that. Is that too much information for you?
David B. Katz - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: No. I mean all interesting. I guess if I may follow it up, by asking from -- if you can recall last time, from the time you signed your agreement with the government as you have now, until the time it appeared in the Gazette, how long was that period of time? And then I did want to get a sense for how much spending CapEx on this project there might be this year or next as well?
Stephen A. Wynn: Well, it's a very interesting question, and it changes from time to time. When we first started, Macau was -- the profile of Macau is a community -- both public works and private works was in one shape. And today, as that city, as that special administrative region has matured and grown, and the needs of its citizens and its businesses have increased, the load on the public works department to process properly such applications, building permits and the like, has become geometrically greater, exponentially greater. So the lead times have quite understandably extended. And so comparing it to the past, I don't think is relevant any more. I meet with Secretary Lao, under whose authority such matters are prosecuted, and he shares with me the amount of public works. There's a light rail, a monorail system going in. But incidentally, we're the first stop from the ferry terminal. That monorail circles 2 sides of our property, which is very nice for us. And it circles 2 sides of our hotel on The Peninsula, the Encore and Wynn, and has a stop right at our door. These kinds of projects now are new, and it placed a terrific load on the government's staff. They rise and grow to meet that demand as best they can, but it's definitely created more traffic in public works and the building department. So -- and you know I? They don't share with me the detail of such loads, only a general description. And I know it to be true, so I can't answer your question definitively. But I will tell you this, with regard to the last part of your question, it's possible on foundations to spend hundreds of millions of dollars.
Operator: Your next question comes from Dennis Forst of KeyBanc.
Dennis I. Forst - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: First, I wanted to ask Matt about corporate expense. It was about $10 million above the recent trend line. What was in there, Matt, this quarter that moved the needle?
Matt Maddox: What happens is, if you look at our corporate expense every year, it's very choppy, so one quarter will be up more than the other, and it's usually just various development projects we're working on and other initiatives. Where we're pacing to for the year is similar to last year, so I think that's the way you should think about it.
Dennis I. Forst - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then the next question had to do with promotional allowances. I've seen promotional allowances be very steady as a percentage of casino win, although the second quarter, not the third quarter you just reported, but the second quarter was well below trend, and I was expecting maybe that trend to continue, but it looks like we're back to normal. Was there something unique about the second quarter's...
Matt Maddox: I have to be honest with you, Dennis. I'm going to to have to go back and look. That was a long time ago.
Stephen A. Wynn: You know what, Matt, Marc and I are sitting here.
Marc D. Schorr: I don't know the reason.
Stephen A. Wynn: Ian, do you know? Can you answer that question? Are you talking about Las Vegas?
Ian Michael Coughlan: I don't have a definitive answer. I'd have to look.
Dennis I. Forst - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: I think both, Steve. I'm just looking at corporate Wynn was down $60 million sequentially, and promotional allowances were up $6 million.
Stephen A. Wynn: First of all, I can answer part of the question. I just realized. We have been holding very well. We've had a huge influx of Chinese business in Las Vegas, and that would account for it.
Ian Michael Coughlan: In the second quarter.
Stephen A. Wynn: We're winning more money, and so we're giving away more. We've got this rather dramatic increase in business in Las Vegas, right? You saw that in both quarters.
Dennis I. Forst - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay. And talking about Vegas, I was going to ask...
Stephen A. Wynn: And the percentage -- excuse me, the percentage can go up depending on how that increase in casino revenue is structured. When it's highrollers, then discounts to losers and stuff like that.
Dennis I. Forst - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: I don't know whether Marilyn is the right person to ask or...
Stephen A. Wynn: I am. I am in this case because I do know the answer.
Dennis I. Forst - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay. The low hold in the quarter, was that associated with maybe one group or one month or one event? Or was that pretty much across the board?
Stephen A. Wynn: No, it was Baccarat.
Dennis I. Forst - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Obviously, Baccarat. But was it one specific...
Stephen A. Wynn: No.
Dennis I. Forst - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Time period...
Stephen A. Wynn: No.
Dennis I. Forst - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Or kind of throughout the whole quarter?
Stephen A. Wynn: No. They come in and they come in groups of 5 and 6 and 3 and 4. And we had guys win $7 million and $6 million. A casino that can win $200 million or $300 million in Baccarat can do that. Our Baccarat percentage overall is wonderful. It holds up the casino, but you do get these kinds of fluctuations. This month, it was off by 3% or 4%, if you take it the way we usually look at it. And that would've been about $15 million to $20 million in Las Vegas.
Dennis I. Forst - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Yes. But I guess [indiscernible] on the question. Was it all at one time?
Stephen A. Wynn: Everything was normal outside of Baccarat.
Dennis I. Forst - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Right. Was the Baccarat low hold over a short period of time or spread out?
Matt Maddox: Dennis, you've seen the August numbers for the entire city, so you clearly saw that, that was down in August and also in July. So it was each month, but it wasn't one event that caused this quarter. We have too much volume for one group to come in and cause 5 points of swing. It was really throughout the entire quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from Janet Lu of Goldman Sachs.
Janet Lu - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I've got several questions on the Macau business. First of all, you've said that October trend looks still quite good, but I just want to understand a little bit on the second week of the October, which was after the Golden Week holiday. What is the trend of your market share and revenue? And also -- yes.
Stephen A. Wynn: Up.
Janet Lu - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. Go ahead. Sorry.
Stephen A. Wynn: I just answered you. Up. The second week after Golden Week, up. Okay. What's the next question? What was your other question? I'm sorry.
Janet Lu - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Well, actually, in the first week, we noticed that there's some pickup in the market share in Wynn Macau. So is that because of like win rate? Or is there any -- or did you do any -- more aggressive in marketing or...
Stephen A. Wynn: You're paying too close attention. You're too close to the sheet of paper. In a week, to look at a casino like Wynn Macau is a mistake. We have a lower hold percentage one week, a higher percentage the next week. I answered to you about the turn, about the level of activity, it's up, but looking at the place week by week is a waste of your time, really. Don't do that. Even though they publish the numbers you're seeing, gross market shares. Gross market share means nothing, absolutely nothing. What good is gross market share when you have 4 hotels or 3 hotels or 2 hotels, and you have 3 sets of payroll, 3 sets of depreciation, extra interest expense. It's a totally worthless number, and wasting time on this call is probably not productive.
Janet Lu - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Sorry. And my second question is regarding your Cotai project. Because the government has reiterated its intention not to increase the table cap until 2013 and keep the growth up 3%. So on your Cotai project, how are you going to allocate the tables of around like 500 tables for the project?
Stephen A. Wynn: Your interpretation of the table cap is, that the current table cap is going to apply to future hotels than you misunderstood the government's position. The current table cap has to do with the current tables.
Operator: Your next question is a follow-up from Harry Curtis of Nomura.
Harry Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Steve, the topic, at least here in New York, is Occupy Wall Street, and I was going to ask a wise ass question about whether or not you were going to contribute to that cause. But I do think that it raises an interesting political question, which is: How do you see the landscape politically now? Is there any reason for optimism given the current slate of candidates to give you hope for the regulatory environment improving for your business?
Stephen A. Wynn: We had a debate here last night and we had a focus group, that actually took place in Tryst last night with Frank [indiscernible]. It's very interesting about the folks who are occupying Wall Street. That group is quite diverse. There are people in there that think the government should give them more, just because they are alive regardless. There are people there who are opposing government spending. There are people there that are opposing bailouts. That group is not homogeneous by any means. What you do have on Wall Street is a reflection, a real reflection in my opinion, of the anxiety, the insecurity and the fear that is endemic in the United States of America, about the way government has gotten into the business of managing its life and the ability of the government to manage the economy intelligently by increasing the emphasis in government spending rationally [ph] to the point that we want [ph] everybody's financial security. I am watching my employees' standard of living drop because of deficits. I think that the American public is beginning to make a connection between deficits and their own loss of living standard. People that work from here are being paid an $0.80 on their way to $0.70, and even though I've given 2 cost of living increases to my employees, in spite of the operating losses in America, because I've been able to use the money from the cap. I have not been able to keep up with the effect of deficits on the living standard of my employees. The net result of all of this is frustration, anxiety and anger. You're seeing that on Occupy Wall Street. You can see it taken to the next level in Greece, where people are trying to break into a Parliament, primarily controlled by the unions, and the very kind of government that the people who are trying to break down the fences elected. There comes a moment when the population realizes that it has to stop, and sometimes it takes a form of tax the rich people, which is a reflection more of a lack of understanding of how the economy works. Rich people are now being defined by the administration as people who make $1 million. Well, most of the businesses in America, other than giant corporations, are paying taxes under Chapter S, partnerships or individual proprietorships. So somebody shows that they've made $3 million or $2 million this year, and they paid personal taxes on that money. They subtract the cost of living and then what's left, after -- and that does not show that probably 25% or 30% of their profits are tied up in accounts receivable or inventory, stuff that they can't spend or get their hands on, but to support their business and their employment. And then they take whatever is left, these so-called millionaires, and they open up another shop or another office. And that, that is the only known engine of growth in the United States of America. And we have an administration that is fanning the fires that this is somehow undeserved, profligate millionaires, and it is worse than hypocrisy. It is totally dishonest. It represents by young people who don't know the difference, simple misunderstanding and lack of understanding of how the economy works or what's going on in America. But if it's a politician that does it or a union leader, then it represents something much more pernicious. It represents a deliberate misleading of the public. And I think that Americans are waking up to this. And it's taking the form of anger and dissatisfaction with the government. And I think that's probably just right, because until there is a change, until this all stops, it's only going to get worse. No matter what anybody says in some fancy speech, even if it's a President, it is going to get worse. People say we're angry at the government for not compromising both sides. Well, we don't really have a situation that lends itself to what reasonable people would call compromise. We've got a situation that requires a change. That is to say one side is right here and the other side is wrong. You cannot sustain these deficits. You cannot undercut the people that form the jobs and create the employment in this country. I'll give you an example of Las Vegas in my own industry. Across the street from me is an empty piece of property that's 34 acres. It's owned by 2 Israeli gents, that are friends of mine, that bought it at a very high price and are sort of in a difficult position now. They even owe money against that property. They have come to me on a monthly basis to say, go ahead, Steve, you take it, build something, connect it to Wynn and Encore, your golf courses and convention facilities and help us get out of this. We're willing to take a very long-term approach, and we'll turn the property over to you, even if we have to pay off the loan. Well, that's a very attractive offer, especially since they're willing to pay us for management, design and supervision, as well as inviting us to invest. But I have to tell both of these men, who were friends of mine, look, I can't give you a reasonable projection of what this return on investment will be even if we spend $2 billion and create 10,000 direct jobs and another 30,000 indirect jobs, for a total of 40,000 jobs. That's how many jobs I could create if I broke ground on the Frontier property in the next 6 months or a year. And we would know how to do that. But I can't tell the men who are willing to sacrifice any short-term benefit in exchange for a long-term opportunity, because I cannot predict what healthcare costs are going to be, what regulatory load they're going to heap on us, what new taxes or other burdens this insatiable governmental appetite for money from the citizens will take us to. Now that is simply a statement of fact. It isn't a partisan political pitch. It's simply a statement of fact from a businessman who has supported probably more Democrats than Republicans. But I say right now that the Democratic agenda of spend and bribe the public has bankrupt this country, and until it stops, the citizens of this country are in for more hard times. And fancy speeches aren't going to change that, only a fundamental realization that citizens are going to have to take real sophisticated responsibility for how we allocate the resources of this country.
Harry Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Steve, we've got to get you on the slate.
Stephen A. Wynn: I'm not qualified, but I am qualified to say what I just said. I stand by it.
Operator: At this time, there are no further questions. I'll turn the conference back to management for closing remarks.
Stephen A. Wynn: Nice talking to you. See you in 90 days.
Matt Maddox: Thanks, everybody.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q2  (2011-07-18 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Stephen Wynn - Founder, Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, Chairman of Wynn Macau Limited and Chief Executive Officer of Wynn Macau Limited Marc Schorr - Chief Operating Officer, Director, Member of Gaming Compliance Committee and Director of Wynn Macau Ltd Marilyn Spiegel - Principal Executive Officer and President Matt Maddox - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Treasurer
Analysts: Shaun Kelley - BofA Merrill Lynch Jon Oh - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc. David Katz - Jefferies & Company, Inc. Mario Gabelli - Gabelli & Company William Lerner - Deutsche Bank Securities Thomas Marsico Mark Strawn - Morgan Stanley Joseph Greff - JP Morgan Chase & Co Steven Kent - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Robin Farley - UBS Investment Bank Harry Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd.
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Wynn Resorts Second Quarter 2011 Earnings Call. Joining the call on behalf of the company today are Steve Wynn; Marc Schorr; Matt Maddox; Marilyn Spiegel; Scott Peterson. And on the phone, Ian Coughlan, President of Wynn Macau; and Robert Gansmo, CFO of Wynn Macau. [Operator Instructions] Now I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Maddox. Please go ahead, sir.
Matt Maddox: Thank you, and good afternoon, everyone. Before we get started, I just need to remind everybody we will be making forward-looking statements under the Safe Harbor of Federal Securities Laws, and those statements may or may not come true. With that, I'm going to go ahead and turn it over to Steve Wynn for the opening comments.
Stephen Wynn: Well, usually, we always say the same thing, the numbers speak for themselves. We had a great first quarter, the best in our history. And we went through it -- we were just around $400 million in the first quarter. We are $447 million this time, and that quarter was about 59% better than a year ago. And in fact, for the 6 months, we're 62% better than a year ago. We are all, in this organization, heartened by the results. On January 3, -- excuse me, on July 3, I got a phone call. I was in a different city from my colleague, Marc Schorr, and he told me that on the third day of July, we equaled in Las Vegas, our cash flow, our profits of the entire year of 2010. That was a very supercharged thing to hear, but we did $271 million last year and we hit $271 million on the third of July. So for the balance of the year, everything from here on in, in Las Vegas is improvement. And we benefited from a very favorable whole percentage. But Marilyn is on the call, and Marilyn, I think, can give a little bit more color to the Las Vegas results other than the whole percentage. You want to do that, Marilyn?
Marilyn Spiegel: Sure, Steve. Thank you. It was an amazing second quarter and we had our gaming revenues increase 35%. We've seen volume increases in Baccarat, in other table games and in slots very slightly, but we had amazing hold in our Baccarat business. And so our international marketing partners continue to send us great customers and we see a lot of improvement in that business. We are up over 75% on international customers.
Stephen Wynn: Marilyn, I want you to focus on non-casino.
Marilyn Spiegel: Oh, on non-casino, we also have a 15.7% increase and that was helped by our hotel revenue. We had $91 million in hotel revenue, which is the highest cash revenue we've ever had at Wynn Las Vegas and Encore Las Vegas. And every one of the revenue areas showed increases, even higher than the first quarter. And so we saw our food and beverage revenue increase 13%, about 2/3 of that was based upon Encore Beach Club and Surrender. We also had improvements in our catering business and both our fine dining and our casual dining restaurants improved. We had improvement in retail. Our lease stores were up 20%. Our entertainment also improved, where we had a 22% increase, mostly due to additional shows with Garth Brooks. So it was the sustainable portion of the non-gaming revenue were there for us at a 15.7% improvement.
Stephen Wynn: Thank you, Marilyn. The reason that I asked Marilyn to highlight and get that specific, which ordinarily we don't do, you can read those things. But I want to point out that in the business that we're in, you don't really sustain growth unless the non-casino part of the hotel reflects the improvement. The vitality in our business comes from the non-casino portions. After all, slot machines and Roulette tables, and Baccarat, and Blackjack tables, they're the same everywhere. They're a commodity. They have no inert power in them. It's where they are and who are the people that are staying in the hotel and why they're staying in the hotel that make the difference competitively and create the franchise in our business. So we, as you know, spend a great deal of money building buildings that are fanciful and emotionally satisfying for our guests. We designed to emotion as opposed to designing to a material. If marble and onyx help us get the emotion we're after, then we use marble and onyx and if not marble and onyx, then we don't care about marble and onyx, or handwoven fabrics or crystal chandeliers and such. Color, lighting and emotion -- the emotion of our hotels is the key to, I believe, their longevity and the franchise that they have. We really don't have much else to say except that it's nice to have good business in a period in America that's in a world that's so troubled and unpredictable. But good news is good news. And if we are running against the grain, I think probably our colleagues in Las Vegas and I know our colleagues in China are enjoying improvement. I read some of the analysts' anticipatory publications about where they thought we would come out on this quarter. And they, happily for us, underestimated it. So that's the story. We'll take questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question is from the line of Joe Greff with JPMorgan.
Joseph Greff - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Marilyn, I was hoping -- or Matt, I was hoping that you can sort of help us understand where 2Q Las Vegas EBITDA would be with normalized hold or give us some sort of sense of that. And then Matt, I noticed your provision for doubtful accounts went down year-over-year. Can you help us understand that and whether that was driven more out of Las Vegas or Macau? Then I have a quick follow-up.
Stephen Wynn: I'll answer that part, Joe. We collected the money and our auditors don't let us hold the reserve when we collect money.
Matt Maddox: That's right. And we're actually still 50% reserved on our receivables bucket in the second quarter, which is more than when we were in the first quarter. And on a 6-month basis, you'll still see they're about the same at $13 million year-over-year. But that's the bad debt piece.
Stephen Wynn: We've been doing this for 40-odd years and not once in any of our hotels, starting at the Golden Nugget to Atlantic City to anywhere, have we ever had to take a special charge for bad debt beyond our normal reserve. We're very conservative in giving money away for people to gamble with. We only -- we don't encourage, we don't use credit as a marketing tool. We only give credit to people who -- as a convenience to people who are well entitled to it.
Matt Maddox: And for a normalized EBITDA, it's in the neighborhood of $115 million. You can do the math. All the numbers are there. But that's about where we would put it.
Joseph Greff - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Okay, great. And obviously, the results in Macau speak for themselves. Maybe, Matt or Ian, whoever wants to answer this, it will be helpful to all of us as we're kind of learning about the increasing profitability of Macau, where do you think segment margins have gone on mass and VIP? Or where are they now? Where were they a year ago as you get the volume? You're obviously generating great operating leverage there, but if you could help us understand that or shed some light on that, that would be helpful
Stephen Wynn: Matt will answer that question.
Matt Maddox: Sure. So what I would say, Joe, we don't get into providing segment margins, but what you find is, with increasing volumes, the margins are definitely going up. And on the VIP side, with our increasing individual program win, we're seeing higher margins in VIP. We're also seeing higher margins in the mass casino as we're winning more in the mass casino and it's really across the board. So the 30% to 32% EBITDA margin for Wynn Macau feels very comfortable for us. We've been there for about 3 quarters in a row now, and that's about what I would expect.
Stephen Wynn: Competition hasn't dented us, at least not yet.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Shaun Kelley with Bank of America.
Shaun Kelley - BofA Merrill Lynch: I just wanted to start maybe by talking a little bit more about Las Vegas. Steve, we continue to hear back from folks asking about that we're expecting kind of a slowdown in the second quarter, and then you guys posted numbers that were, I think, even adjusting for hold, probably better than they were in the first quarter despite the convention business. So could you give us your thoughts just about the trajectory of the improvement in Las Vegas overall? Obviously, you set the high end. And your thoughts a little bit about maybe July and August, what you're seeing kind of looking out a little bit further.
Stephen Wynn: Well, the improvements have a lot to do with good management at the property level, under Marilyn and Maurice and Scott and everybody else in the clan. They've been doing a really good job. July, by our predictions, based upon what our expectations rather, was good to be the worst month of the year. And we were going to experience soft to mid-week occupancy and the weekends were going to be better, but July was the black hole. August, as conventions pick up with magic show and the others around the end of the second week or the second week of the month, then we build momentum and we head into October where we're sold out, and much higher room rates, as you noticed, this year. And so we've been surprised in July by a better occupancy than we had thought. But what was surprising about it was, that it showed up in the last 2 or 3 days, really late bookings this year in July. We've been picking up an extra 5 or 6 points of occupancy, and in some cases, right Marilyn, almost we went to full occupancy surprised us...
Marilyn Spiegel: That's correct.
Stephen Wynn: All within 72 or 48 or 72 hours of the days. So July has been a surprise in that regard and a much higher rate. We did not lower our rates like some of our competitors did. We've come to the conclusion here, incidentally, I'd like to add this parenthetically, having tried this before and failed, we don't want to make the mistake again. This place is not set for price cutting. We lower the price, we can fill the rooms in an instant because there's such fancy rooms. But we get people that carry their beer in from 7-Eleven, move their own bags and don't eat in our fine dining. We can't use them. This is not a place for folks that have that kind of economy mentality. This is a place for people who expect superior service, higher quality, food, beverage and everything else. And so we price our property accordingly and we stay there. And if we lose some occupancy, well, we'll adjust our expenses accordingly, but we don't lower the price. It doesn't work for us. We tried it, and it's a failed strategy not only for us, I think for everybody. That's the overview I could give you on that. The fourth quarter looks great. And now that we're getting through July, it gets better again. But we're not doing bad. I mean, July, I took a look, we're making $1 million a day. I think that's great. Maybe anything over $20 million make me real happy in July. Marilyn, how do you feel about it?
Marilyn Spiegel: We're tracking well in July. And August, we're going to have some conventions that wasn't here last year. And as you say, October is going to be a dynamite month. We don't have an inch of convention space that we can still sell.
Stephen Wynn: So there you are. Does that help you with your question?
Shaun Kelley - BofA Merrill Lynch: That's really helpful. And then maybe one if I could just on Macau real quickly, but one consistent concern that I get back from a lot of folks is just on the productivity that you guys are doing and this kind of sparks to the last question on as it relates to the margin that you guys are able to put up. What are you doing now, as you've raised, I think some of the pricing there, the theoretical averages that you guys are doing on the Mass Market side. But what else, kind of what next are you guys able to do to continue to yield that property since you already are putting up somewhere between 2x and 3x the kind of win per tables that any other property in the market is doing than probably any other property in the world is doing? Just kind of your strategic thoughts on that would be really helpful.
Stephen Wynn: I think I'll let Matt handle that one.
Matt Maddox: I hate to give you the simple answer, but it's true. It's about the people at the table, and we keep attracting the top end of the market, whether it's in slots, Mass Market or VIP. And our tables win 50% more than the market, and our slots win 3x more than the market. And that's really it, Shaun. It's the people sitting at the tables. And as long as we're the top property in Macau, you'll see us continue to outpace the market.
Stephen Wynn: Actually, we've been outpacing the market for 40 years. We had the highest win per foot in spite of being the smallest casino in Atlantic City, we made more money than everybody else. We were 168% of the average yield per foot. We were the #1 place in downtown Las Vegas. And as near as I can recall, ever since we opened Mirage in '89, one of our properties has been the top one in Nevada, and then we took our act to Macau, so we've only been there. So we're consistent. We deal to a certain market segment. We're comfortable with that market segment. We think we know those people, our guests. We know what they expect and we manage to make promises that we can keep. There's always a temptation to make big promises or to talk about big promises and then when you don't deliver, it's painful. September will be our fifth anniversary in the People's Republic of China in Macau, and we love it there. We are so grateful to be part of that market and to be allowed to participate in that community. We find the political environment, the regulatory environment, the human resource environment that we're in to be absolutely delicious. Life is quite straightforward in China. The government is predictable. Our employees are eminently trainable. They're anxious to please. They have a fabulous attitude, whether they're local Macau people, mainland Chinese people, folks from the Philippines, they're just wonderful and all of that's come together to help us deliver the kind of product that we've always been delivering. We've got -- Marc, I don't know if you can hear Marc, Marc pays special attention with Linda Chen to our relationships with our junket partners, and they are doing a fabulous job. And as you know, most of those junket operators are everywhere. They're not just with us. So what you learn from that is that junket operators need to be everywhere because they service people that move around. But we do better because at the end of the day, it's the establishment that brings the people. It's the staff and the employees that keep those customers wanting to come back. And then the junket operator can service them, of course. But it's the employees, it's the people that -- it's only people that make people happy. Not the stuff. It's the people. And our specialty has been our human resource stuff.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Mark Strawn with Morgan Stanley.
Mark Strawn - Morgan Stanley: Any updates to your Cotai project timeline or the land granting process there?
Stephen Wynn: The land granting process is continuing. We are cooperating with the government and moving along very nicely. And we're conducting our soil research in preparation to the foundation beginning when the final granting takes place, and we're moving right along nicely and on schedule. With the property that -- it's hard to take seriously what any hotel developer says about their own stuff. But I am going to say this about the Macau project, which we're going to show everybody. It's finished. We have it drawn. We have it rendered and all that stuff. We're finishing the modeling of the scale model. But the hotel is another generation of an integrated resort. It is a category breaker. And since we've had -- I've been doing this for 40-odd years, and with DeRuyter Butler, my design partner, and Roger Thomas, the 3 of us are the ones that do this. And we just finished a session about 15 minutes ago, and this is going away another dimension of work that we've done the last 2 years. This project is going to justify the time it took to create it. It's a humdinger. We will definitely help Cotai keep the promise and Macau keep the promise that the government has set. And that is to broaden the appeal of Macau, to make it the destination resort in terms of entertainment, shopping, food and beverage, and conventions in all of Asia. And I promise you that when it comes to those elements, of entertainment, conventions, food and beverage, service and hospitality, and iconic architecture and design, that the Cotai project is by an enormous amount, the best work we've ever done. 1,500 rooms, virtually all suites, 500 table games, big theater, public entertainment in virtually every part of the building, a full range of restaurants and stores, a lot of exterior and interior public entertainment, as well as performing arts in a big theater, access and the movement of people, we've learned new things. And you know, again, we are benefiting tremendously from the fact that we have been in China nearly 10 years and we know these customers now. We're dealing from our own deck, from our own experience as opposed to learning from Lisboa or learning from Peninsula as we have been doing up to now. And that's a big thing for us to be able to draw upon our own deeper experience, to create and respond in ways that will be very resonant with our customer base. End of answer.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Jon Oh with CLSA.
Jon Oh - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: Just a quick question on the competitive landscape especially in your VIP segment. How do you see that shaping up at least in the last 2 months since Galaxy Macau's recent opening?
Stephen Wynn: We don't pay much attention to that actually because we can only make money in our own building, and that's where we think the struggle has to be met and won. So if you look at the numbers as we do, you'll see that the competitive landscape for us is delightful. The other places, I think, are doing very well, in addition. And that's very good news. You want to be doing well in an environment where other people are doing well and doing clever things. I was impressed with Galaxy when it opened. I went to visit it with my colleagues, and I congratulated my friends in that organization and I have many of them from the ownership to the management level and I think they did a great job. I think Galaxy, for example, represents or it shows you what happens when organizations mature. Galaxy was built by the Lui family and that organization includes my friend, Mike Mecca, Galaxy was built after everybody had learned a lot about the people and what the people want. And Galaxy is responding to that. Naturally, in a big brand-new property like that, they learned and after we open these kinds of places, we adjust and amend them because no matter how long you work on the plans, when they open, they take on a life of their own. And sometimes, part of that life is that you get surprises, good and bad. Venetian is doing great as far as we can see. City of Dreams has kept its promise, I think. I talk to Lawrence and Jamie Packer all the time. I think everybody's pretty happy. Not to say that we're not dealing with some of the infrastructure issues that occur, but the Venetian group have their ferries running and really, clicking away, bringing people to the Cotai side and those boats were well needed. So there was something where the Venetian invested a lot of money in order to have capacity, that basically was built for the future, and that future is coming through very rapidly and it's a good thing we've got those ferries. And I think the final work on all the ferry terminal construction on Cotai is soon to be completed in the beginning of '12. But in the meantime, it's working, thousands and thousands of people are coming every day on those boats. As they do on [indiscernible] boats over on the Peninsula. So the town is keeping up with itself at an amazing growth rate. And I think that Macau in the end is going to end up being exactly what the government wanted it to be, the great destination convention, hospitality center of Asia.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Harry Curtis with Nomura Securities.
Harry Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd.: So 2 quick questions. First of all, in Vegas, I'm interested in over the last 6 to 12 months, how your mix has changed? If you could make some comments about the quality of your customer base today versus 2006 and '07. And then turning to Macau, you build buildings where you generate excess demand, so why not bigger than 1,500 rooms and/or will you at least be able to have a pad so that you can expand or a podium to expand that beyond 1,500 rooms?
Stephen Wynn: We do have room to expand, I'll answer the last part of the question because I'm on it at the moment, we do have room to add more. We were thinking also of doing something that's a little off the track, but it has been suggested to us in the past that it would be wonderful to have a reasonably-sized hotel, a few hundred rooms, that does not have gaming, that is conveniently located, so that government officials and others can come to Macau, enjoy all of the non-casino attractions without staying in a gambling hall. As you know, politically, that's a sensitive issue. Politicians don't go in casinos in China after they are open. And so I'm thinking that I'd like to maybe help meet that demand. And of course, rooms of that sort also are integrated and would be integrated with our convention facilities. And as far as why we didn't build more than 1,500 rooms, you know, Harry, we have height restrictions because of the nature of the location of Cotai. And then we have restrictions that are imposed upon common sense dynamics of design. How long are the hallways? How far do people have to walk? We've got population getting older. Room service, baggage, housekeeping that has to service these rooms. And we have rules about we don't want hallways that go on forever. So when you balance size and then we make bigger rooms. In Cotai, I would tell you, I don't know if you've ever been in, it's a modern hotel, it has a 6-foot wide hallway going to the rooms. When you go to 8, that's like the villas at Wynn in Las Vegas. Our regular rooms in Cotai have 8-foot corridors, which are very palatial. They have 11-foot ceilings in regular rooms. I mean, we decided that it was quality, not quantity. There are an awful lot of active buildings under construction now in Macau being offered by our competitors that are undoubtedly good jobs. We remember who we are, so we're going to cater to the 1,500 guests a day and 1,000, 2,500 rooms between 2 places. And as we grow and the market allows, we are having much more convention space than we've ever had before, but we have room to expand our convention space and our rooms for the conventioneers as we go along. But I keep an eye on the Venetian, for example, which has 2 hotels under construction that are more reasonably priced than a Four Seasons or a Wynn. And so we sized the place for quality. Bigger is not necessarily better. Better is better. That's the answer to that. In Las Vegas, I'll let Marilyn answer. Marc should answer.
Marc Schorr: Domestically, we're seeing the same '11 [ph] as we did in 2006 in most of that [ph]. The big increase in 2011 has been our international business because our brand is growing so in China, people are recognizing Wynn. So when they travel to America, the place they to go to is Wynn. So we're seeing a much broader market internationally, this '11 versus '06 and '07.
Harry Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd.: And China represents over 75% of the international mix change, do you think?
Stephen Wynn: Yes. Right.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Robin Farley with UBS.
Robin Farley - UBS Investment Bank: I have a question on, Steve, you made some public comments about interest in Singapore and I wonder if you could talk a little bit about whether you had initial discussions and given that [indiscernible] until 2017, whether it's too early to have discussions and kind of what your view is on that?
Stephen Wynn: Naturally, anybody would be interested in Singapore. It's such a great place to be in business. But really, Robin, I don't really have anything constructive to add. As you point out, that market is dedicated to an exclusive arrangement for the next 5.5 years. And so I think that it's easy to say that Singapore is exciting, and it is. If we were ever given the chance to be a business in Singapore, we'd be thrilled and delighted to bring our best work there. But that's not a decision for us to make. That is something that will take its course in the future.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of David Katz with Jefferies.
David Katz - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: I wanted to ask about Las Vegas, if I may. And just looking at how strong the performance has been, what is your perception about how the rest of the strip is competing? And I guess I'm wondering, the properties are what they are and perhaps other competitors on the strip may not have had the same capital resources available to them and whether or not you might be perceived to be taking some share...
Stephen Wynn: I don't know -- we finished the last of our, I think we have a few more rooms -- I think we have 11 or 12 villas that are being finished next month in the month of August. But we just finished $100 million worth of remodeling, and another $100 million of additions and improvements. We invested in this company in the last 24 months, $200 million. Thanks to our investments in China, we were able to benefit America. Not exactly what you hear if you watch a White House press conference. But China has made it possible for us to strengthen and protect our employees and strengthen our business in Las Vegas. I had the pleasure of having dinner Thursday night, I think it was Wednesday or Thursday, Thursday night, with Marilyn Spiegel and her husband, Tom, and Miriam and Sheldon Adelson. And we had a great time. But we -- Sheldon and I didn't get into discussion of the last quarter. So now that I think about it, I wish I'd asked him. But I think they'll be giving their earnings and you'll be hearing from MGM and Harris pretty soon. I honestly don't know, but my guess would be that everybody is doing better this year than they did last year. Marc, you've talked to those guys...
Marc Schorr: From everything has been strong at this quarter over last quarter especially...
Stephen Wynn: So the second quarter is better than the first?
Marc Schorr: No, the second quarter is better than the second quarter a year ago.
Stephen Wynn: Last year? Yes, I see. Did you hear that David?
David Katz - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: I did and I guess I wish you would ask also. And if I can just follow-up with one more. Recognizing that groups and conventions and so forth are not your -- not as important for you as they may be for some others...
Stephen Wynn: It's getting more important all the time.
David Katz - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Okay. How would you say your sort of next year is setting up from a bookings perspective?
Stephen Wynn: Las Vegas, David? Marilyn?
Marilyn Spiegel: So for 2012, we're tracking on pace with where we were in 2011 for room nights. We're obviously pushing a little rate. But we think it will be a good convention year in 2012 also. We've grown convention this year, of course, over '10.
David Katz - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: But it sounds like the upside would be from price?
Marilyn Spiegel: Correct. And you also have to remember, we have a few things. You have some big-city wides that aren't going to be back in Las Vegas in the first quarter like CONEXPO, you've got a difference with Chinese new year and Super Bowl. Last year, they converged on a singular weekend, and this year, they'll be a different time. So they'll take 2 weeks of convention space out of the component.
Stephen Wynn: And that's a great thing, when Super Bowl and Chinese New Year run separate weekends, we hate it when they're on the same weekend.
Marc Schorr: Another Marilyn, we'll also have more rooms available because we were doing the remodel in most of '10
Marilyn Spiegel: That's right.
Stephen Wynn: Yes, we had 8% or 10% of the room nights out every -- wasn't it, Marilyn, about 8% or 10% as we rotated through the building?
Marilyn Spiegel: Consistently, yes.
Stephen Wynn: So that's 400, 500 rooms here.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Bill Lerner with Union Gaming.
William Lerner - Deutsche Bank Securities: Steve, just 2 development questions for you. One in Macau, one in Vegas. Does it -- maybe you're already contemplating this formally, but does it make sense to build residential or villas in Macau, #1? And then #2, in Vegas, especially as I hear Marilyn talk about, a month like October for example, that there's not an inch of meeting square footage left in Las Vegas and as we think about limited or no supply over the next several years, being added back to Las Vegas, does it not make sense to expand your meeting square footage? I know you can do it east of country club or in that area?
Stephen Wynn: Well, here's our problem. There are a host of opportunities for expansion in Las Vegas, a host of opportunities to create tens of thousands of jobs in Las Vegas. I know that I could do 10,000 more myself and according to the Chamber of Commerce and the Visitors Convention Bureau, if we hired 10,000 employees, it would create another 20,000 additional jobs for a grand total of 30,000. I believe in Las Vegas. I think its best days are ahead of it. But I'm afraid to do anything in the current political environment in the United States. You watch television and see what's going on, on this debt ceiling issue. And what I consider to be a total lack of leadership from the President and nothing's going to get fixed until the President himself steps up and wrangles both parties in Congress. But everybody is so political, so focused on holding their job for the next year that the discussion in Washington is nauseating. And I'm saying it bluntly, that this administration is the greatest wet blanket to business, and progress and job creation in my lifetime. And I can prove it and I could spend the next 3 hours giving you examples of all of us in this market place that are frightened to death about all the new regulations, our healthcare costs escalate, regulations coming from left and right. A President that seems -- that keeps using that word redistribution. Well, my customers and the companies that provide the vitality for the hospitality and restaurant industry, in the United States of America, they are frightened of this administration. And it makes you slow down and not invest your money. Everybody complains about how much money is on the side in America. You bet. And until we change the tempo and the conversation from Washington, it's not going to change. And those of us who have business opportunities and the capital to do it are going to sit in fear of the President. And a lot of people don't want to say that. They'll say, "Oh God, don't be attacking Obama." Well, this is Obama's deal, and it's Obama that's responsible for this fear in America. The guy keeps making speeches about redistribution, and maybe we ought to do something to businesses that don't invest or holding too much money. We haven't heard that kind of talk except from pure socialists. Everybody's afraid of the government, and there's no need soft peddling it, it's the truth. It is the truth. And that's true of Democratic businessmen and Republican businessmen, and I am a Democratic businessman and I support Harry Reid. I support Democrats and Republicans. And I'm telling you that the business community in this country is frightened to death of the weird political philosophy of the President of the United States. And until he's gone, everybody's going to be sitting on their thumbs.
William Lerner - Deutsche Bank Securities: How about on the Macau residential side? I don't know if you can, I suspect you want to, and it would makes sense to. But can you build residential as part of your project? I guess you can.
Stephen Wynn: We could, but the government told us they didn't want residential apartments on Cotai. They made a very specific mandate about that, that Cotai was supposed to be for the hospitality industry, not for residential. I think that the Venetian has been able to, if I understand correctly, with the service apartments that maybe they're causing us to have a change. But in the early stages of Cotai, we were instructed in a contrary way by the government of Macau. And incidentally, I'm going to stay on this point for another minute. If the government -- if the administration in Washington isn't frightening the dickens out of those of us who create jobs and build buildings and make lives for their employees, they are attacking China where, in the case of my company, the vitality of capital to improve Las Vegas has come from. It's the double whammy. American companies that have ventured abroad to broaden their markets are bringing money, have reinvested much of that in America. And so the rhetoric about offshore capital, there'd be a lot more of it brought back here if the government did intelligent and encouraging things to bring capital back. But this is a very business, job creating, unfriendly administration, and that's the plain truth of it. And so you know when you want to build condominiums, why? You want to protect yourself in this environment. Everybody's in a defensive crouch, except for Jim Immelt [ph], who is sort of a Judas goat.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Tom Marsico with Marsico Capital Management.
Thomas Marsico: I was impressed with the results in Las Vegas given the consumer confidence numbers that have been coming out over the last few months and I know that you speak to a lot of different business leaders. And is there a difference among your customers that you're seeing this level of business given the terrible consumer confidence that we're seeing across the country?
Stephen Wynn: Tommy, we're getting a lot of our benefit in retail, food and beverage, hotel and gaming because of the international business that's coming here. These gaming companies, certainly ours, are big exporting enterprises. We're offsetting a lot of those imports that people talk about. Foreigners, people with non-American passports, mainly Asians, mainly Chinese people, come to the United States, if they can get through Homeland Security without too much misery, if they can get a visa, they come to the United States and they leave their money here. They are generous and tasteful. They shop for fine products. They eat good food. They tip well. They create job opportunities here. And...
Thomas Marsico: It's been my understanding that the visa process for the Chinese to come to the United States is more difficult than it is to go to other countries such as France where they've seen a tremendous impact of the Chinese going to Europe. Do you see any changes or have you been in discussion at all with the Commerce Department as far as trying to ease those restrictions?
Stephen Wynn: Yes, well, as a matter of fact, Tom, you're quite correct. Coming to the United States is tougher than going almost anywhere else in the world. Homeland Security has -- we seem to have been safe more or less, but so much of it is excessive and irrational, like patting down babies and old ladies and stuff like that. But it is very difficult. It's more difficult today to get to the United States for people who've been coming here for years, for decades. Our customers that are big businessmen that have been coming to America for 10, 15, 20 years are asking us for help to relieve the bureaucratic congestion of government over regulation in this area. We've talked to Homeland Security. They are aware of the problem, so is Customs and Immigration and the State Department. And when we talk to any given individual in those organizations and those bureaucracies, they're very sympathetic and they know the truth of the complaint. And they know the truth of the fact that these things are very often excessive and unnecessary. But yet, there seems to be a tremendous amount of inertia to move government in America, whether it's the deficit management and coming to some kind of logical conclusion before August 2 or whatever it is, or whether it's getting visas. Everybody has a clear understanding of the problem, but when it comes to our government, it seems to be getting more and more sclerotic, more and more inflexible by its own device, it keeps growing and growing and getting more and more onerous, more and more sluggish in its responses to real problems, and sluggish in its ability to take advantage of real opportunity. And it's frustrating for me because I got a front row seat.
Thomas Marsico: One of the things that I've noticed is that the governors of the state seemed to be taking more interest in trying to get their states moving forward in changing business practices and I was listening to the governor from Massachusetts, a Democratic governor saying that they just moved to #6 on the CNBC easiest place to do business, whatever that's worth. But I know that there had been some interest discussed by street analysts of the potential of gaming in Massachusetts other than Native American gaming. Could you update us on that if there's anything there?
Stephen Wynn: Well, it's interesting that Massachusetts is really seriously considering legalization of some form of general casino gambling, and naturally, like we watch Texas and Miami and Florida rather, we watch Massachusetts and we're keeping a close eye on that. When and if the government moves, as they've suggested they're going to do in September, we'll be anxious to see the form and the business opportunity that's inherent in that legislation. And if it represents business opportunity, then we would try and explore options in that marketplace. I was surprised, Tom, incidentally, when you mentioned governors. I was amazed and delighted and I am very respectful of the work that Governor Cuomo has done in New York. He's a Democratic governor that's showing the kind of leadership that I wish we had in Washington.
Thomas Marsico: Just one other question, the balance sheet is amazingly strong. Your thoughts on dividends near the end of the year on specialized. I saw you took up the regular dividend, which we appreciate.
Stephen Wynn: Well, we always look for opportunities to distribute money to our shareholders. And I know that because I'm familiar with the investor basis that covers 70% or 80% of the ownership of this company and I know that everybody agrees with you. So what Matt does at the end of the year, he takes a look at the landscape. We go through a vigorous process of -- our Board does, our Board of Directors is very fastidious about this in making sure that we've crossed all the T's, dotted all the I's, anticipated our financial responsibilities. And then we come up with a number that we think is available for a dividend or even a special dividend. In the last few years, as you know, Tom, it's amounted to like $26 a share, which is twice what we went public for. And I'm hoping that, that will continue. Again, Tom, you're a keen observer, what's going on. You tell me what to expect in Washington in the next 30 days and you get paid -- you get the blue ribbon.
Thomas Marsico: I think people are getting pretty tired of both parties acting the way that they have. And I would agree with you, the lack of leadership from the President. I'd like to see him more involved.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Steve Kent with Goldman Sachs.
Steven Kent - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Just on some of the details from the quarter. It looked like the slot win per unit per day was much higher in Macau than last year. And maybe if you just talk about the change in the customer there on marketing or product. And then...
Stephen Wynn: Sure. Mr. Schorr is here and these are things that are near and dear to his heart.
Marc Schorr: Basically, it's the same customer. We have less equipment on the floor, so that's what's going to drive up the win per unit. It's as simple as that.
Matt Maddox: And the market obviously grew a lot, and we continue to get the high-end of the market.
Stephen Wynn: You see, more is not necessarily better if we improved the layout of our floor, we make the place more user-friendly. We're not fixed on flooding the world with gambling devices. We're much more interested in creating places where people enjoy spending time. And if they want to gamble, well, then, that's their business. That simple mentality works for us.
Marc Schorr: Quarter-over-quarter, we're at 12% down on equipment and 40% up in win.
Stephen Wynn: That's a little better than redistribution I think. The better customers gravitate to us.
Steven Kent - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Marc, maybe you could then comment about Vegas then where the net slot win was down in Vegas even though, the handle was up. Was there some accounting or a number issue there that I've missed?
Marc Schorr: No, it was just a different mix of people this year over last year. That's the difference on our special events. Marilyn, do you have any...
Stephen Wynn: We get -- maybe we get a fewer big customers. And then in one particular quarter, and you know here, they play very high on the slots. We got $10,000 slot machines where each -- you get to put $30,000, you can one pull can be $30,000. And if a customer gets lucky, they win $500,000, $600,000, $800,000 a day. It's still a gambling hall. But Marilyn, you can give your take on that.
Marilyn Spiegel: We've done a lot of work in the second quarter on the slot floor. We've tried to buy some new units, do some conversions, change out the poker mix, change the participation. And so given that, we've had some customers that were, frankly, may not find their same game that they wanted. And so we're changing the floor up to make it more comfortable and be more profitable.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Mario Gabelli with Gabelli & Co.
Mario Gabelli - Gabelli & Company: Steve, you've witnessed the transformation of Las Vegas several times over. As you're looking out over the next 5 years, other than online gambling, I'm still trying to figure out, what else changes. We had some good change, we had some bad.
Stephen Wynn: Matt, what do you think about Mario's question?
Matt Maddox: What I would say is that we continue to monitor the rollout of gaming expansion in Asia and I think that over the next 5 to 10 years, you could see what happened in the United States in the '90s continue to happen over there. And that's where we're positioning a lot of our efforts.
Mario Gabelli - Gabelli & Company: All right. Let's kind of -- let's reverse the question then, and that is, are you in a position of commenting on whether you considered optioning out land today 5.5 years earlier than a potential start date?
Stephen Wynn: No, Mario...
Mario Gabelli - Gabelli & Company: In obviously some of those markets that others are interested in?
Stephen Wynn: Mario, I think what's going to happen, as it did in Macau, the government makes -- these are very high-level political decisions and it requires consensus, the government makes a decision, let's use Macau as a perfect example of what I think will happen elsewhere. They make a decision to proceed to change the rules to allow casino gaming, integrated resorts, convention, and entertainment and all the rest. And then they take presentations from qualified people like the Sands Corporation or any of the other fine companies, or Genting, or ourselves or [indiscernible]. And then they have in mind where they wanted to be. It isn't driven by your ability to have a piece of land. I had no land when we got the concession in Macau, but the government said, okay, we want to start on the peninsula here. Sheldon Adelson was given property in Cotai because he dreamt up the idea of the Cotai Strip. If they do that in other countries, I believe that the most important thing is that you have the credential to participate and respond to what the government needs. These decisions will be made because they want to increase tourism, they want to create jobs or they want to raise some money in taxes or a combination of all 3. When they change the law, they will invite people to present their credentials. They will pick somebody and then they will make it possible, Mario, for you to have the right location. So I don't think it's a question of getting a piece of land. I think it's about relationships and your reputation.
Mario Gabelli - Gabelli & Company: I was trying to open the gate for you to comment on it. The final, and I'll get off, is the notion of the debt in Las Vegas, let's say, is $1.8 billion and you have [indiscernible] coming up which will be paid out of the cash out of Las Vegas. Let's assume you pay some numbers out. What are your options with monetizing, if anything, part of your non-U.S. asset base to shift where the debt is and the debt service and the cash flow items?
Stephen Wynn: Well, why do we want to shift the debt? That non-recourse debt in each of our subsidiaries in the parent company owes nothing, not a penny.
Matt Maddox: That's the key. We make sure the parent has no debt and lots of cash.
Mario Gabelli - Gabelli & Company: So the debt we see for Las Vegas is nonrecourse, but on the books, not of the holding company, but of the various operations? [indiscernible]
Stephen Wynn: Wynn Resorts, the company that I tried to get you to invest in, or maybe you are invested in I hope, because you were with me all my life before here. Wynn Resorts has debt of 0, and has had a debt of 0 for several years, and we intend to keep it at 0. We have all the capacity to do any deal we want. See, by having a lot of cash in the parent, we can go to a new jurisdiction, infuse a subsidiary with a prudent amount of equity, make an intelligent loan that is got a reasonable ratio to the project cost, have low interest rate with long maturities. So we don't get in the kind of trouble that our neighbors up the street have gotten into trouble on a couple of occasions. So that's why we keep the money in the parent, the debt in the subs and always the debt should be reasonable compared to the cash flow. We don't want to be -- Mario, let's go back to 2002 when we went public in 2005, when we opened Wynn, the project was $2.7 billion. We had $1 billion in cash that went into that project before $1 of debt was put into the construction. And then we had $1.7 billion in debt. Well, with $2.7 billion, $1 billion in equity, and $1.7 billion in debt, you can hardly call us overleveraged. And I like that. We like that conservative approach because it gives us a lot of flexibility and it gives us peace of mind, and we can protect our employees. We can protect our service levels. We could take good care of our properties, even if business is lousy and the President doesn't like us.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we have reached the end of the allotted time for questions and answers. I will now turn the call back over to Mr. Maddox for any final comments.
Matt Maddox: Thank you, everyone. That's the end of the call.
Operator: Thank you all for participating in today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q1  (2011-04-20 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Scott Peterson - Chief Financial Officer of Wynn Las Vegas LLC and Senior Vice President of Wynn Las Vegas LLC Stephen Wynn - Founder, Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, Chairman of Wynn Macau Limited and Chief Executive Officer of Wynn Macau Limited Robert Gansmo -  Ian Coughlan - President of Wynn Macau Marc Schorr - Chief Operating Officer, Director, Member of Gaming Compliance Committee and Director of Wynn Macau Ltd. Matt Maddox - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Treasurer
Analysts: Shaun Kelley - BofA Merrill Lynch Janet Brashear - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc. Thomas Marsico Mark Strawn - Morgan Stanley Joseph Greff - JP Morgan Chase & Co Rachael Rothman-Ould - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP Robin Farley - UBS Investment Bank Harry Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd. Steven Kent - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Wynn Resorts First Quarter 2011 Earnings Call. Joining the call on behalf of the company today are Steve Wynn, Marc Schorr, Matt Maddox, Marilyn Spiegel, Scott Peterson; and on the phone, Ian Coughlan, President of Wynn Macau; and Robert Gansmo, CFO of Wynn Macau. [Operator Instructions] Now, I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Maddox. Please go ahead, sir.
Matt Maddox: Thank you, and good afternoon, everyone. Before we get started, I need to remind everybody we will be making forward-looking statements under the Safe Harbor of federal securities laws, and those statements may or may not come true.  So with that, I'm going to turn it over to Steve for the introduction.
Stephen Wynn: Well, I think everybody has seen the numbers. They were very nice. As is the case from time to time, the casino gets a little lucky, and that was the case this year and during Chinese New Year in Las Vegas. But it was gratifying, and so it resulted in 120% increase in earnings. But stripped of that sort of thing and normalizing the percentage that the casino produces, we still had very nice increases in our REVPAR, our Average Daily Rate and our revenues in non-casino area and activity in the casino.  Business in Las Vegas has improved, which is a trend that we saw last year at the end of the year, and we raised our rates and had no problem. We also are enjoying the benefits of having invested a couple hundred million dollars in Las Vegas, half of which went to remodel all of the rooms in our hotel, which opened in April of -- exactly six years ago. We started it at the end of five years because that's what we do here. We take care of the property, and we upgraded it while we remodeled it. And that was another reason why we get higher rates, and we'll be able to get higher rates going forward. We continue to press ahead with increases, which will continue in the next quarter. We also spent a great deal of money. We built the Beach Club, the Encore Beach Club. We built Surrender, another nightclub. We remodeled Baccarat. Altogether, we put a new motor entrance in our villas. A lot of things to make the place even more user-friendly and more fun for people. We benefited from having a strong capital structure, which allowed us to do these things. And contrary to some of the things you see on television, we brought money from China and invested it here in this particular case, and it worked out very well for us. It was also terrific for us to notice yesterday was the 108th day of the calendar year 2011. And it was on the 108th day that we passed the $0.5 billion mark in EBITDA. We're at $503 million at 108 days, which is a really wonderful clip. It would put us, if that were to continue, it would put us enormously ahead of last year.  The increase in Macau was 50%, the increase in Las Vegas was 120%. As usual, during these conference calls, I tend to see if that was entirely anomalous or whether the trend sort of continues. And it appears to be doing it because in April, and of course, it's only 18 days, we're about 160% ahead in Las Vegas and about 100-odd percent -- over 100% in Macau.  We want to point out that up until now and continue until the 21st of April, the Macau numbers are comparing Encore and Wynn Macau for a total of 1,000 rooms to just Wynn. Encore at Wynn -- Encore in Macau opened up on April 21. So we get our first year-to-year comparisons where the facilities are equal, starting in the last week of April and of course, all of May and thereafter.  So we are benefiting from the fact that our hotel is larger compared to its size last year, and that's going to last for another three or four days and then we're up against an equal facility. I think if anybody is looking at our numbers, they should keep that in mind. And I think that sort of summarizes, unless Matt thinks we ought to add anything to our opening comments. But business for us is terrific. We're at the top end of the market, and that's a good place to be under the circumstances. Everybody is here with me today. I think the operator mentioned that Marilyn is here and Ian is in Macau. Matt and I and Marc are here, everybody, Scott. We're all available to discuss the implications of our numbers with whomever is now ready to ask.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question is from the line of Joe Greff of JPMorgan.
Joseph Greff - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Steve, looking backwards at the first quarter and so far in April in Las Vegas, normalizing that the Baccarat hold, what do you think is driving your increases in REVPAR, the non-gaming spend? How much of it do you think is property-specific? And maybe, Marilyn, you can chime in on some of the things that you might be doing differently. How much of it is the market itself just getting better? And then I have a follow-up on Macau.
Stephen Wynn: It's a question for Marilyn Spiegel. I think -- Marilyn, I think you could address that.
Marilyn Spiegel: Well, actually, I don't see the market getting much better from the January-February numbers that LVCVA announced. But we certainly have a different trend in terms of finding customers who not only want to stay here and they want to eat here and they want to visit our retail stores and our showroom. And so we have been very focused on all of our hotel channels, how we think about our revenue management system, how we're thinking about our website. And we're trying to bring in a guest who is willing to pay for the amenities that we offer, and part of our strategy has been to have confidence in this market. So rather than moving to where many of the competitors have, we've really tried to stay above the fray, and our customer base is finding us and enjoying our service and our products.
Joseph Greff - JP Morgan Chase & Co: And on Macau, I know you've added some new junkets there recently. How much of that contributed to the first quarter? I think most of that hit the very tail-end of the first quarter. And further to that topic, I mean, is there much in a way of taking relatively underutilized tables, whether premium mass or maybe improving the Junket business where you think you can get a better yield with additional Junket business in Macau? Is there much less to improve the yield on the table side in Macau, I guess, is my general question.
Marc Schorr: It's Marc Schorr. In VIP in Macau, we're 243 VIP games this quarter, first quarter '11, versus 196 in first quarter of '10. And so we increased our VIP market share by increasing our table games. Obviously, we took the games from the general casino and moved them into the more profitable market for us.
Stephen Wynn: But sales in Macau, retail sales, and other indicia of non-casino play are also sharply up...
Marc Schorr: 30-something percent.
Stephen Wynn: Yes, 37%, 40% sharply up. Food and beverage was 43%. I mean, our facilities in Macau are very well received as are some of our competitors as well, but we're enjoying that. And of course, the most important number to remember in gaming, I've said this before, Im going to -- for those of you who really follow this, don't look at market share per se, look at fair share. We use that term, you can call it what you want. But you basically take how many units of slot machines or tables does a given operator have compared to the total in the marketplace, and then take a look at the share of the money that the person -- that the company has. If that ratio is better than 1:1, then you're a net receiver of the customers and you've sort of made a dorm out of your neighbor. If it's less than 1:1, then you're a donor to your neighbor, and that's a negative fair share. We have been able to increase our fair share market penetration in the face of increased competition. It happened to us in Atlantic City years ago. We were the smallest place. But the more places came on, the more our premium over the average increased, and we're enjoying that again in Macau. It's a very important number, and it sort of tells you how good a job you are in delivering a good guest experience, a good customer experience that makes those people want to come back again and again and keep you as their favorite place. That's the number that I watch very carefully and then Matt and Marc. We're on that all the time, and that's what's happened to us in China.
Marc Schorr: And also, a tremendous increase in our slot operation in China. Our product mix has been very well accepted by the patron in China. It's our slot per win is more than up 78%.
Stephen Wynn: So is our general casino win per unit. We just get a different kind of customer, really. That's what happens.
Ian Coughlan: This is Ian in Macau. We continue to tweak in the size or table and slot layout on the main floor. We're watching VIP productivity very carefully. We're making changes constantly to get a better yield and higher productivity. And just some very quick numbers, we've got 10% of the table games in the marketplace. We have 14% of the market share. And on slots, we've got 8% of the slots in the marketplace in the first quarter, and we've got 22% of the market captured.
Stephen Wynn: Ian has just highlighted our agility, or what we hope is our agility, and that fair share ratio. That's what he watches with Linda [Chen], and that's what Marilyn watches here with Scott Peterson and Marc. And that's really -- that's our whole focus. And it comes down to one thing, all the rest is baloney, guest experience. If the guest experience is good, everything is sweet and lovely. If it's not, problems. Which is, again, why your capital structure is so incredibly important in our business so that you can protect your employee base and your facilities and the way we present it. I think we'll take another question now.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Shaun Kelley with Bank of America.
Shaun Kelley - BofA Merrill Lynch: My questions probably mostly for Matt. But just glancing on the balance sheet side of things, it looks like you ended the quarter at about $1.8 billion of net debt. Kind of looking on a run rate basis, that's going to put you guys probably below a turn and a half of kind of net leverage. So could you just help us think a little bit more strategically about how you guys are thinking about the balance sheet opportunity? Maybe first off, what's the right optimal capital structure for the business? Is there some opportunity to maybe tap into the debt markets at some point here just given -- I mean, how much cash you guys are generating at this point?
Matt Maddox: So we will always make a very conservative balance sheet, as you know, Shaun. We did change our capital structure around a little bit this time. We increased our dividend from $0.25 a quarter to $0.50 a quarter.
Stephen Wynn: We did that, yesterday.
Matt Maddox: That's right. It came out today, so that was announced today. And so we're returning more capital to shareholders. So we're still a growth company where we have Cotai on the horizon, we have other projects that we're looking into. So we're going to keep our powder dry and make sure that we're not building out this company with a lot of leverage. We're doing it with a lot of cash flow, which is the best way to grow the business.
Shaun Kelley - BofA Merrill Lynch: And Matt, just on that. With the cash flow sitting over kind of in Macau, but you guys obviously -- or the bulk of it coming from over there right now. I mean, would there be any strategic interest at all about considering maybe looking at starting to buy back shares in the subsidiary over there?
Matt Maddox: Shaun, I really don't want to get into the strategic interest of how we're going to deploy our capital. But we're going to continue to be very conservative and make sure that our growth is fully funded and we're not highly dependent on the fragile capital markets.
Stephen Wynn: Everything is opportunistic, and I think Matt's point is that you can take full advantage of opportunities as they present themselves if you have a strong capital position. We do. We are watching. We pay attention. We know when to buy our stock. We know when to sell our stock from the company's point of view. I don't think we've ever really gotten titillated by an acquisition. Our experience has been that if we don't build them ourselves, they're not as good as they need to be in today's marketplace. And I don't mean in any way to be deprecating my former practice hotels, but we try and get better with each one and be more user-friendly with each one. And more importantly, make each hotel more convenient for the staff because at the end of the day, it's our employees that touch the customers. It's our employees that make the guest experience, not the people on this call. We create an environment where the employees can do it. And that's one of the reasons why we're politically concerned because if the living standard of our employees are dropping because of the fiscal policy of the government, we can't keep up with salary increases to protect the people on fixed income from the damage that they're suffering at the hands of this deficit. And so this and gas prices, they worry us going into the summer. The cost -- the living standard in America is being rapidly and critically eroded, and we recognize that as a factor in our future as we look at our growth and our opportunity. Next question.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Rachael Rothman with SIG.
Rachael Rothman-Ould - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP: Can you talk a little bit about maybe, Marilyn, some of the cost-cutting programs that you've been implementing at Wynn or what you've done to drive the margin expansion that we've seen even excluding the hold benefit in the quarter?
Marilyn Spiegel: Actually, I wouldn't describe it so much as a cost-cutting program as one that's driven by revenue growth, and that's why the margins came in so strong. We look at every expense obviously. We look at payroll, we looked at our fixed expenses. They're very stable. More critically, though, we have increases in variable expenses because our gaming revenues were higher. Theres a few things that we have done to enhance the guest experience. Steve talked about it on our last call where we're going to have a Discover Wynn call center such that anyone who calls us for reservation will also able to book their restaurant reservations, their show reservations, their spa, everything, one-stop shopping. Because we really think that when a guest comes here, we could serve them for all their needs. And so that's been important to us, and we're going to move into that new call center in mid-May. But besides that, we've looked at how our labor was deployed before, making sure that it's smart before we add a position. We determine if there's someone who could be -- their responsibilities changed a bit. But I don't think that we'd really have cost-cutting as the focus here.
Rachael Rothman-Ould - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP: So as we think about the sequential progression in the margin or the opportunity for continued margin gains x the hold benefit throughout the year, how should we frame that?
Stephen Wynn: Well, once you get a business operating, in terms of its staffing and other controls, at a proper level, then youve leaned out that company, that enterprise, to the point where you are not wasting money. The next dollar that you cut after that, you are compromising the enterprise, delivery of its service and its long-term performance. Growth comes from money, from revenue. It doesn't come from cost-cutting. Cost-cutting is only good for avoiding waste. But once we get to that number, the kind of businesses we run, we don't go any further with that. That's why capital structure is important. Again, I keep seem to be going back to those two words. But we don't worry about seeing how much we could cut. That's for people who run a different kind of business than us. This is not Wal-Mart here. This is a place where people expect more, they pay more and they get it. So our focus is on revenue. I'm done with what I had to say. Next question.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Mark Strawn with Morgan Stanley.
Mark Strawn - Morgan Stanley: One question on the land concession in Macau. Are there any updates there in terms of when that could be signed? And is there any -- is this tied up in terms of a coordinated plan by the government to issue the concessions with others in the market who may be looking to Cotai? Or is it just something that will happen when it happens?
Stephen Wynn: I think both of your comments are appropriate. Things move in Macau at a speed that is comfortable for that government. What we do is we comply with the procedures that are involved, and then the government issues its permissions or publishes in the Gazette or does whatever it does in due course, and there's an awful lot going on in Macau. And so a lot of this is not -- a lot of the -- the administration of the government is not something that we're familiar with. These departments have multiple functions attached to them. And so things move a little bit more slowly than they do when you really want them to speed up. But the government has published the fact that we are to build on our property. They have let us fence it in, they even let us build a warehouse on it. And the actual commencement of construction, which we are ready to do, will take place when the government issues that permission to us and I'm told that it's any day now. And those were in conversations as recently as a week or two ago. And you know you're left with that simple statement and you just wait until they tell you, and that's how it works over there. And it may seem -- you get a little anxious, you wish it would go faster. But it is, in the long run, a very steady process actually and we're used to it over there. We spend more time talking about on this conference calls than we do among ourselves. And considering what's going on with the products that we operate, it's not like we're under any terrible pressure here. We're very busy with the drawings, and there's an enormous amount of preparation to have complete construction documentation. Having finished design development and we know what the hotel looks like, we're now in the process of actually doing the reflected ceiling plans, finishing structural drawings for the foundation, which is very complicated in a landfill. So we make very good use of this time that while we're waiting to begin the remediation of the actual earth that's  Cotai, remember, is a landfill. So we go down 180 feet before we get to the bottom of the footings with pilings and caissons and such. So I hope that answers your questions.
Mark Strawn - Morgan Stanley: Yes. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Steve Kent with Goldman Sachs.
Steven Kent - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: A couple questions. First, on the Cotai project, could you give us any sense as to how much capital that will take? Second, I did notice -- I thought it was a very good job that you were able to have your occupancy come down a little bit in Vegas, but your ADR went up quite a bit. And I'm just wondering if there is -- if you are taking, in fact, even more of your fair share in Vegas as you described in Macau. It sounds like you are, and maybe you could help us understand that a little bit. And then third question is, Mass Market in Macau showed a very nice hold for the second quarter in a row, and I'm wondering if there's anything to that beyond just the normal luck.
Stephen Wynn: Let's see...
Matt Maddox: Cotai.
Stephen Wynn: Cotai.
Matt Maddox: Las Vegas room mix.
Marc Schorr: And the hold in Macau.
Stephen Wynn: The hold in Macau is a function we tend to do better when the length of play is extended and people linger in our place. The longer they play, the better it is for us, and they linger in our facilities. It's a subtle point. It's one that totally occupies my attention in the design development process. It's something we've always understood, and it's one of the reasons why every place we've ever operated, starting with the Golden Nugget here in Atlantic City, through Mirage, Bellagio, Treasure Island, always held better than our competitors. We -- so that's the story in the Mass Market. The room mix in Las Vegas and Macau [indiscernible] yes, and our research, we continually sift down and identify the customer we want. We just don't go and scoop people up at the border. We're a little bit more selective than that.
Matt Maddox: And I think Marilyn's point was right, is we're more confident now in holding our rates. So in the first quarter of this year, 20% of our business is through the Leisure segment, the lowest end of the segment. Last year, in the first quarter, it was 32%. So we were able to shift a lot of the low-end segment to our casino, to our convention area and to our promotional area, which really helped us drive more cash revenue and a higher ADR. It's a better customer.
Steven Kent - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: So that supports your view that you said about Macau, is that you're gaining market share of these higher -- higher quality customers in this market.
Stephen Wynn: Yes, we're like Louis Vuitton, for lack of a better metaphor. We're the -- I hope we're the Louis Vuitton of our business and Aramis and Chanel, those kinds of people. And you really have to know your customer and cater to that customer and build facilities and light the light for that customer and pick the texture for that customer. It's a very meticulous process, which is why it takes us so long in design development, because every little thing really does matter. And at the end of the day, it's 90% human resource engineering. It's our employees that do it, which is why we get so concerned with anything that effects them negatively, like, gas prices that zoom up. Even Wal-Marts more expensive, clothings more expensive, schools more expensive, shoes are more expensive. It's all because the dollar is less expensive. You know our currency against troubled euro, a troubled pound, has gone backwards in the last nine months between 10% and 18%, depending whether you're looking at the pound or the euro. Its hitting us now, and my employees are complaining about it. Marilyn gave the rank-and-file cost-of-living increase. How many weeks ago? When did you do it, Marilyn?
Marilyn Spiegel: Just last week.
Stephen Wynn: Last week. We're trying to keep up even though we seem to have crosshairs on our back from the administration. We gave one in Macau, a big cost-of-living increase in Macau because we wanted to combat -- try and combat inflation, which is probably a losing game.
Steven Kent - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Just to finish up. Steve, did you mention the cost of the Cotai project? I was wondering if...
Stephen Wynn: I'm sorry. Steve, one of the things that happens because we're getting this time to perfect and work on our budgeting is that the better the drawings condition is, the tighter we get in our budgeting. I started off by thinking, listen, it's okay to spend $2.5 billion or even $3 billion in Cotai. We'll make $100 million a month, what difference does it make? You can talk that way around the office, but when it comes to publishing the budget, we are now at a stage where we're working on interiors. And this hotel is filled, this one in Macau, with entertainment attractions, non-gaming, public entertainment and showroom entertainment and things like that. It is really by orders of magnitude the best thing we've ever done. Physically and operationally, it's the culmination of 40 years of experience -- 44 years of experience. And so the final number is something -- a really dependable budget is something I hope to have in the next six months. But it will be in that range, between $2 billion and $3 billion. It's a 1,580 rooms, of which 900 are suites.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Tom Marsico with Marsico Capital.
Thomas Marsico: I was going to ask a question, you just touched upon it with your entertainment attractions. It looks like there can be some segmentation that would go on in Cotai in Macau. And I was just wondering what you've learned from the new offerings that have come to the market over the last 12 months, how you perceive those offerings versus what you're looking at, at your own hotel there and then also with Cotai as far as new offerings?
Stephen Wynn: Great question, and probably the most subtle inquiry that's available in the business from the point of view of management. I've been doing this for 40-odd years, and by far, the toughest thing is to nail the entertainment issue on the button. Very, very difficult. Just to think about Macau, think about Atlantic City for a moment. A lot of repetitive frequent visitation. The average customer comes several times a month. So when -- as opposed to Las Vegas, where they come two or three times a year. In Las Vegas, the size of the turn of customers is such that sustaining shows, we brought Cirque du Soleil to town with Mystre at Treasure Island. Then, you remember, we did the water show "O" at Bellagio, since that time. And then Franco Dragone did Le Rve for us, and we make $25 million a year with Le Rve. It's a very wonderful thing for us. We've had to invest $130 million in it over a period of years to keep it, because we're always changing it, making it better. But in Macau, a sustaining show is a bit dicier as a proposition because people can't see the same show 15, 20, 30 times. So what we prefer to do is to focus on venues that have special event featured entertainment, number one. And number two, to heavily get involved in creative, fanciful public entertainment. Public entertainment are Fountains of Bellagio, Volcano at Mirage, pirate ships that sink at Treasure Island, the Lake of Dreams at Wynn, the Tree of Prosperity and the Dragon and the whole changing lobby at Encore and Wynn in Macau. These kinds of things don't involve a ticket per se, but they involve a very strong entertainment experience, many of them costing $40-odd million. I mean, the volcano, the fountains, the pirate ships, they're all $40 million tickets even back in the '80s and '90s. In Cotai, we are taking the notion of public entertainment, things that you don't have to buy a ticket for, to augment and increase the fantasy quotient of the facility to a whole other level. The entire hotel is filled with such things. Restaurants have such things. The lobby have such things. This is in addition to showrooms. The government is very anxious to have Macau have a terrific entertainment profile. We respond to anything that the government likes there because that's the way to live and be successful in Macau. So we have taken the notion of in-room box entertainment, you know, like a theater, and weve combined it with public entertainment on a level that we have never, ever done before. And it has been such fun, Tom. It's taken up the better part of the last year to dream up some of the stuff, because we're doing things we've never done before. And that means we can't go to the Yellow Pages to find out how to do them. And Steve Kent want to know about the budget, and this makes it a little tougher to put your finger right on it until you get all the bugs worked out. But this place is going to be an entertainment experience from one end of it to another. And as I say, Tom, I am a little concerned about -- I'm not confident, I should say, about launching a $200 million sustaining production as much as I'm confident that having Coco Lee on one weekend and Jet Li on another, having featured entertainment. That's -- Coco's going to be married this year to one of our board members, Bruce Rockowitz, in Macau. But she is a lady who is the singer and is one of the greatest live performers in Asia, and Coco was the voice you heard singing on Crouching Tiger, the movie. And she's a big concert act. Those kinds of things I believe in because you can change them month-to-month. And that's the direction we're going in, Tom, and you and I talked about this before. But we haven't seen anything that's changed our opinion on that.
Thomas Marsico: When you talk about the public entertainment side and the attraction  to the attraction, so the show that you have at SW is fanciful, is out there, but you don't pay for it, you watch it. You pay for it in a different way by having another drink or so. Is that the sort of public entertainment that you're also talking about at Cotai? So it's a meeting place for people to be? Because I'm seeing the sophistication of the customer improving in the market, and you can see it by the type of goods that they're buying. Maybe they're just buying them because they're expensive. But it seems to me like their taste in a lot of things that are Western, the massive sells that are occurring now at the art galleries and at the auction houses, there's definitely a new sophistication, a new level of wealth that has been created in China. And so I think that the market has changed dramatically over the last four or five years. Or am I -- are you seeing any of that? Am I...
Stephen Wynn: Yes, yes and...
Thomas Marsico: Because we're seeing an inflection point is what I'm thinking here.
Stephen Wynn: And so when we design restaurants, when we think about making a Japanese restaurant -- I'll give you an example. We're talking about a Japanese -- it rains there. It's moist there. The weather is changeable. So when we talk about creating a Japanese restaurant, we create a Japanese restaurant that's on a Japanese garden, and that garden and that restaurant -- the restaurant has no walls. It's an indoor-outdoor restaurant in a beautiful garden. But. way up high is a space frame roof that's coated on the inside with a black, a matte-finish fabric, so that it looks like the night sky because it's an evening restaurant in this particular case. And so the roof and the sky disappear, and you're in an outdoor environment but you don't have to worry about the rain or the wind or the temperature. And then the garden begins to morph while you're sitting in it, and flowers bloom and fountains come up and go down and the entire environment changes while you're having dinner -- several times. That kind of thing is a mixture of public entertainment augmenting, in this case, a Japanese restaurant. And in each of our cases, we have done this sort of thing. In the bus station, we have a tremendous bus arrival with a dancing fountain outside. And the bus arrival, the bus lobby, has been taken to another level, and in it are public entertainment surprises. There's also an opera house, a proscenium theater that has performance in it. So almost everywhere you go in this hotel, and I've just touched -- scratched the surface, this hotel is a bit of a wonderment as far as your experience. Because I want people to say, when they go to South China and they go to Macau, that they have to stay in our place because it's such fun. Another point I would make about this facility -- I'm assuming for a minute, Tom, that people on the call care about this. A lot of the business there is related to high-end Junket business. Right now in downtown Macau, we are smack-dab in the middle of everybody: Lisboa on one side, the MGM on the other, the Arc on the other and StarWorld. We're in the center. And we get a certain percentage of our business as the second play. When someone is unlucky at one place, they'll walk across the street and gamble at our place. That geographic positioning is a factor in our volume. In Cotai, you don't have pedestrian migration because things are too far apart. These facilities have huge footprints, lots of parking, driveways and the weather is, as I say, changeable and in some cases, challenging. So they don't walk. They go around by buses, and everybody supplies free bus transportation. So I have to make sure that this place for the junket and high-end customer is so irresistible that it is the first choice, that every junket operator must be in this hotel, that the customers go there first. I don't really care where they go second. I prefer they go to one of our places. But I -- DeRuyter Butler, my design partner, and I, we have built a product, designed a product, that is so perfectly suited to that marketplace and to do exactly what I just described: force, virtually; compel, a softer word; the high-end players to come here first. And the room product, the public area, the access, the arrivals, the multilevel spaces that are animated. It's a different -- this product would never be built in Las Vegas, ever. It's strictly a product of Macau. And finally, in this long-winded dissertation, I would conclude by saying we did well with Wynn Macau. We took the sensibility of The Peninsula in Hong Kong to heart when we designed it. We had no actual hands-on experience in Macau. We had, after the opening of Wynn, hands-on experience and we designed and built Encore, a very specific kind of facility with amenities that were based upon our insights into our customers to improve the guest experience a la Macau. Forget about Las Vegas, this was about Macau. The Cotai project is, because of the landmass, because of the room we had and the experience we've gained, the Cotai project takes that evolutionary arc way up high. And I hope that -- I'm maybe talking too much.
Thomas Marsico: I just think it drives greater stability to your client base in return visits, so I think it is important to talk about. Just one final question, if you wouldn't mind. What sort of activities are you looking at beyond Cotai? Any opportunities? I remember during the election time frame, I think Harrah's was going around with Gary Loveman talking about Internet gambling and there's been some recent developments there. I was just wondering if you might be interested in commenting on that if there's any interest at Wynn that [indiscernible].
Stephen Wynn: Sure. We've been approached over the past several years by most of the Internet players who wanted to combine with us and take advantage of our brand. And we finally became convinced, sort of hesitantly, about PokerStars, because it didn't seem to be any interest in the government to enforce restrictions on the game of poker. They were enforcing restrictions on people who dealt to sports, but not to poker. So based upon that, we made a very tentative, conditional deal that said if the United States government makes poker legal and provides that anybody who's been dealing poker recently is acceptable, and then if that legislation passes in Washington and then if you can get approved by Nevada or New Jersey or whoever is the licensing authority, then we'll go in business and split it with you 50-50 and we'll call it -- put our name on it. As you know, PokerStars, finally, the Justice Department decided that if you've been dealing even just poker since they passed the law about credit cards and all that sort of thing, that they've indicted PokerStars and other players. And so the Justice Departments taken a very strong position that the -- you call it UIDA?
Matt Maddox: UIGEA [Unlawful Internet Gambling Enforcement Act of 2006].
Stephen Wynn: UIGEA, that law that was passed in '06, that law included poker even though in California they say it's a game of skill and all that sort of thing. Now there are a number of companies that approach us that have not violated UIGEA and would like to go forward with Wynn as a partner. I think that there's a very complicated agenda in Washington at the moment concerning the deficit, global economy and taxation and all kinds of things that are critical. Everybody knows about that. Whether the Congress, the House and the Senate, whether John Boehner and Senator Reid will consider this enough of a priority to take it up and deal with it, the subject of Internet poker seems to be screaming for regulation. There's a huge business, and we've seen from these publicity that these companies offshore don't care about dealing. They do it anyway. This reminds me of the Volstead Act during prohibition that said you can't drink beer. Well, people drank beer anyway. And poker is about as American as apple pie, and you can go on an Internet site called pokerscout.com and see the millions of people playing poker. They actually count it up. Half of them or a third of them are in the United States of America. It seems to me that almost every congressman and senator has, in his constituency, people who are breaking the law, technically. That's not a very healthy thing. So the situation cries for regulation so that states can get money at a time when they need money and the federal government can get some money at a time when they could use the money. It seems like an intelligent thing to sit down and regulate it. But it isn't for me to decide that. It's for the senators and the representatives to do it. I've expressed my opinion, such as I just have now, to Senator Reid who, I think, agrees with it. I've talked to various members of Congress trying to find out what they thought of it, so that we could then have a program in our company that conformed to public policy. But public policy up to now, which is no surprise to anybody, has been murky and arcane. Arcane is a good word from the SATs that means mysterious and unfathomable. Most everything in Washington is mysterious and unfathomable. But we're trying to figure out what the hell the public policy is, and then we can have a corporate policy.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Harry Curtis with Nomura Securities.
Harry Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd.: Steve, I had a quick question about the global Baccarat market and your views on how Vegas fits into that global market now that we've seen an increase in Baccarat capacity globally. And so if we think ahead over the next 12-to-24 months, I was wondering what you thought about how the expanding base of Baccarat customers globally. Does it continue to lift Baccarat revenues in Las Vegas?
Stephen Wynn: Well, I think it's very important to remember that if a person who is in the resort and casino business, wants to have a Baccarat game, the price of admission is very high. Forget -- and I'm not talking about the [indiscernible] concession in Macau or a major Strip hotel in Las Vegas that cost billions of dollars. What I am saying is that you need an organization, a very complex organization. In our case, it's run by Linda Chen, whos on my board. You need a complex organization that has representation in all of the Asian markets and the Latin markets and European markets. You need to be constantly working that market, contacting and maintaining relationships with those customers. You have to have a sophisticated organization that can make the credit decisions and execute collection appropriately. This is not a game for children. Once you create that organizational structure, and I say it's daunting, then the first dollar of Baccarat probably costs you $30 million a year. But then you can open the door to $200 million of it. So I think the most important thing to remember is that the taking advantage of the Baccarat market, for lack of a better term, worldwide is a function of an extremely sophisticated organizations. There are several here in Las Vegas. Certainly, the Sands, certainly the folks at MGM with my old hotels, The Bellagio and Caesars, I think, with Caesars Palace, and of course, the operators in Macau. There are eight of us that do this. They do okay in London with it. It's a much tinier, baby-sized piece of business. But it's a big leap to get into this business. You can't just spread a Baccarat table. I mean, these people -- you got to be prepared to give millions and millions of dollars of credit. Scott, what are our -- what's our market bucket like in Las Vegas at the moment? Scott Peterson, Chief Financial Officer. This is an interesting little point.
Scott Peterson: I mean, our gross receivables are $175 million.
Stephen Wynn: $175 million in receivables. What's our reserve for doubtful accounts?
Scott Peterson: $70 million.
Stephen Wynn: $70 million. Almost half of it is reserved for doubtful accounts. Now we put a small percentage of the money away every time we grant a marker. That's the reserve for doubtful accounts. In my 40-odd years, we've never missed or under-reserved, which is to say that in my career with my colleagues, we've been able to issue credit responsibly over decades. That is a very difficult thing to do, and Marc Schorr, Linda Chen, Scott Peterson, Robert Gansmo...
Scott Peterson: 60% or 61% reserve in account.
Stephen Wynn: And we're 61% reserve. What's the size of receivables in Macau?
Robert Gansmo: $81 million.
Stephen Wynn: $81 million and $50 million reserved, because the junket operators take care of that. But what -- the point I'm making is, is this is a whole big deal to work on this and you've got to be totally committed. You got to have the building, the facility and the staff, the people. There's the cool things that get the people that know how to do this. And I hope that's -- that tells you where it's going to go if there are -- if the markets to grow, it will be because people have the facilities and the staff to go find the customers, make it easy for the customers to come to them. Next question.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Robin Farley with UBS.
Robin Farley - UBS Investment Bank: Just kind of two short-term questions. In Macau, in the quarter, you added about 20 tables since the end of the year. Did most of those come on early in the quarter, late in the quarter? And just can you remind us, at this point, are you maxed-out in terms of your table allocation?
Stephen Wynn: Came on late, Robin. They're really a big factor in Macau.
Robin Farley - UBS Investment Bank: I'm sorry?
Matt Maddox: We're up to currently around 499 games, which include 11 poker games. So we're getting close to the table allocation, but there's a little room.
Robin Farley - UBS Investment Bank: And then in Vegas, you talked a lot about, obviously, the increases in REVPAR and food and beverage revenue. There's been a lot of talk about, in the Vegas market in general, about a slowing since Q1. Have you seen a slowing? I mean, still an increase, but just a kind of as you look out to the next two or three quarters and the comps do get tougher in the second half. Can you give us some color on that?
Stephen Wynn: Matt, you answer that?
Matt Maddox: So what we've seen at our end of the market, the luxury end, is the second quarter still feels pretty good. July is soft, which I think you'll hear from all of the other operators. But the fourth quarter, just based on our convention bookings and October, in particular, also feels pretty good. So outside of large macro events like gas going to $4.50, we feel pretty good about our position in the market the rest of the year.
Stephen Wynn: The summer will be tough when we go to the automobile people, but that's July and August. But the convention business, Robin, starts around the 10th or 15th with some of the fashion and jewelry stuff middle of August. And then -- so we get help  little relief from the heat and the reliance upon the automobiles. But we deal around that here, and we can do that in our play.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Janet Brashear with Sanford C. Bernstein.
Janet Brashear - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.: Shifting back to Macau again, the VIP revenue keeps growing faster than the Mass revenues. I wonder if you could address what your expectations are about that ratio going forward?
Stephen Wynn: Well, we did add capacity, so that sort of explains part of it. I don't know that we've thought about it anymore than that. As long as we -- it takes  theres several hurdles to become a junket operator at Wynn. First of all, you've got to pass a pretty severe internal investigation process that we installed the day we opened in '06 and share with the Nevada gaming authorities every quarter. So that's one hurdle. Then the next hurdle is Linda. Linda puts a big minimum requirement on a junket operator to get tables in our place, big hurdle. So when we see that there's an opportunity -- and then Linda uses a geographic distribution system. She tries to have people in different places to represent us, so that the customers -- so that the operators don't overlap too much. So those are the factors that determine whether we allow someone else to join us in our marketing and it's hard...
Janet Brashear - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.: I'm thinking a little more broadly about the whole market, not just Wynn. But as you look at the whole market, how much mass can grow versus how much VIP can grow in terms of the customer volume and flow to Macau?
Stephen Wynn: Well, I don't want you think that I'm insensitive, but the fact is, I don't care. Can't make any money in the other places, they're on their own. I -- we keep a very myopic look on our own place. And we -- from time to time, we compare it to the marketplace. But we're watching our own performance, and we make all our decisions on our own tables and our own performance. So you're asking me a question for which we don't do much homework.
Janet Brashear - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.: One final question. Ian gave us the market share numbers in Macau based on your fair share calculation. Does Marilyn have those handy for Las Vegas?
Marilyn Spiegel: Sure. The table numbers were between  were about 2.5x our fair share on tables and were at fair share on slots.
Stephen Wynn: We're about 250% above our fair share. Thank you very much.
Stephen Wynn: Thank you, everybody. I hope we didn't cut anybody off. Samantha [Stewart] is always available to answer any other questions, so am I for that matter and Matt and the rest of us. Nice talking to you, especially when we have a cool quarter, it makes it fun. Goodbye.
Operator: Thank you all for participating in today's Wynn Resorts First Quarter 2011 Earnings Call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q4  (2011-02-10 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Matt Maddox  CFO, Treasurer Steve Wynn  Chairman, CEO Robert Gansmo  CFO of Wynn Macau Scott Peterson  CFO, SVP of Wynn Las Vegas Ian Coughlan  President and Executive Director of Wynn Macau
Analysts: Shaun Kelley  Bank of America Joe Greff  JPMorgan Mark Strawn  Morgan Stanley Carlo Santarelli  Wells Fargo Chris Woronka  Deutsche Bank Harry Curtis  Nomura Securities Robin Farley  UBS Jon Oh  CLSA Janet Brashear  Sanford C. Bernstein David Katz  Jefferies & Company
Operator: Good afternoon and welcome to the Wynn Resorts Fourth Quarter 2010 Earnings Call. Joining the call today on behalf of the company are Steve Wynn, Matt Maddox, Scott Peterson, and on the phone Ian Coughlan, President of Wynn Macau, and Robert Gansmo, CFO of Wynn Macau. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. If you would like to ask a question during this time, simply press star then the number 1 on your telephone keypad. If you would like to withdraw your question, press the pound key. Thank you. Now I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Maddox. Please go ahead, sir.
Matt Maddox: Thank you and good afternoon, everyone. Before we get started, I just need to remind everybody we will be making statements under -- forward-looking statements under the Safe Harbor of federal securities law. And with that, I'm going to turn it over to Steve Wynn.
Steve Wynn: Very nice to have this call again. We moved up our date because we wanted to get the information out as soon as possible so that you would know where we fit in the scheme of things. I think the numbers speak for themselves. We had a fine year. We even did better in Las Vegas, went from 240 or so to 270. And I think that -- most of you, if I can anticipate some of the questions, would be asking, what about Las Vegas? And we took a careful look at January and February, because in these calls, we're always late for the quarter but we're in one, and I know that you'd like guidance on what we're seeing. And indicators, I've been fairly pessimistic in the past. If there was a recovery underway, it was dampened by the fact that there was a great deal of capacity added to Las Vegas at exactly the wrong moment. City Center and Cosmopolitan added 9,500 rooms, almost 10,000 rooms to this inventory, at a time when the city could least -- was least able to accept that inventory. And in spite of that, our room rates are up a little, our occupancy is okay, our convention bookings are ahead of last year. I'm saying that these indicators are pointing up -- slots are still weak, but the indicators about visitation and room rate and convention bookings which are very important for the midweek period are pointing up. Now, having said that, I want to say that it's still very lackluster and disappointing. But I think that '11 is surely better than '10. We were a company that said '10 was not going to be better than '09, and we repeated it several times, in this forum that we're having today. However, I'm going to say I think '11 is better than '10. And if that's good news, then so be it. As far as China goes, Macau, that market is very robust, and we're looking forward to getting under way with our new hotel in Cotai which we finished designing. And I even have shown some pictures of the project; it's by far the best thing we've ever done. And it's a breakaway property. It represents another generation of this phenomenon that we've come to know as the integrated resort. It's an iconic building. I think most of you in the analyst community will have a chance to see it now. Matt will show it to you when you come to Las Vegas or in some form or another, Samantha. We'll begin to show our competitors and everybody else what we've got in store for them. I think that's about it for now. Matt, Ian, is on the phone. I'll be glad to let my colleagues add their take on what's going on. The purpose of these phone calls is to answer questions and, to the best of our ability, give people a chance to know what to expect in our industry and with our company in particular. Matt, Ian, you're in Macau, Scott Peterson's here, we're all here Do you have anything to add, Matt? What's your take on -- the Chinese New Year in Las Vegas surprised us. We did not -- we had said to ourselves, "Okay, the Asian population that gambled baccarat has now got real strong choices closer to home in Macau." Fewer of them are coming. And in spite of that, we had the biggest Chinese New Year we've ever had and Saturday night was the biggest night in the history of this building in terms of table win. I think we went over $16 million at the tables alone. And in China, we had a night that we'll all remember in my 40-odd-year history. We had a casino table win in excess of $46 million at slots and tables in one 24-hour period. These kinds of things tend to stick with you. Of course that has a lot to do with luck, I want to add hastily. It sometimes goes the other way. A casino that can win tens of millions of dollars can also lose tens of millions of dollars, and frequently does. With that, I'll let Matt add his comments or Ian.
Matt Maddox: Steve, I think you covered it. That's a good opening summary, and I'd suggest we just open it up for the questions.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, if you would like to ask a question at this time, please press star then the number 1 on your telephone keypad. We'll pause for just a moment to compile the Q&A roster. Your first question is from the line of Shaun Kelley with Bank of America.
Shaun Kelley  Bank of America : Hi, good afternoon, everyone. Just wanted to ask, starting maybe with Macau, Steve. Obviously the results, particularly on the volume side, were pretty incredible. But we've gotten a number of questions from investors I think particularly recently as it relates to the junket and credit environment in Macau. So, whether it's you or Ian, could give us your sense of just kind of what is the latest on maybe the credit side there and your sense of junket repayment, junket liquidity, and how those relationships are doing right now.
Steve Wynn: Okay, I'll be glad to. And I think it's a very important and relevant question. In Macau, the credit balance is outstanding with our associates and the junket business is very large. We, in our own account, on our own account, reserve 3% or 4% for bad debt. This is my, let's see, 1973 is my -- my 48th year -- 38th, 39th year, something like that, 40 years, and we've never ever in the history of my company, both Mirage Resorts and Wynn Resorts, have ever exceeded our reserve. We're very conservative about credit and our relationships are managed with the junket operators in exactly the same way. One of our parent company board members is Linda Chen who is the Chief Operating Officer in China and the President of Wynn International. When Linda graduated from Cornell University -- I think she's on the call, or if she isn't, she's close by.
Matt Maddox: She's not on the call today.
Steve Wynn: Well, she's close by, in China. And Linda came to us straight from Cornell in 1989. And she's been running our affairs internationally and of course guiding credit decisions in many respects for all that time. And she's a very conservative woman. And speaking of conservative women, Marilyn Spiegel, our President of our American operations, would be on the call today but she -- I moved the call up and she was caught unaware of the schedule change and her daughter is having lasix surgery to make her vision better, so she's in L.A. today, or Marilyn would be here to give her take on Las Vegas. But as far as credit goes, we are conservative. We do not, I stress that, we do not and never have used credit as a marketing technique. You will see that in Macau usually among the younger and less experienced operators. It doesn't work. It's a fail technique. What happens is somebody comes along and thinks they can jack up the credit. They do it, it backfires, they get fired, and the next idiot comes along and takes their place. Credit can't be used as a marketing tool. We give credit to people to accommodate them, people who are well-deserving of it, and that's how we regard credit. And that's probably the reason why in 40 years we've never had the need to exceed our reserve. I hope that's a response good enough for you.
Shaun Kelley  Bank of America : That's helpful. And just kind of following up on that, you did take it looks like a $13 million bad debt provision in the quarter, Matt. Was that mostly in Macau or was that -- it's kind of across the two properties?
Matt Maddox: No, 11 of the 13 was in Macau, and really that was a function of business volumes. So if you look at -- we had significantly more business volumes, in particular in our direct program in the fourth quarter, and just the way our calculation works, the aging calculation, that was the -- the $11 million came out. So it was not additional reserve, it was purely based on business volume.
Steve Wynn: We had such a jump in volume, we had to do it. Now our auditors, if we're generous in our reserve, where we're extremely conservative as we usually are, comes the last day of the quarter and they get with Scott or Robert Gansmo, with Scott Peterson in Las Vegas or Robert Gansmo or Matt, and they say, "No, we see the collections, you got to adjust the reserve."
Matt Maddox: And just so you know, Shaun, our reserve as a percentage of receivables is 47% right now in Macau which is very, very comfortable.
Steve Wynn: How does that compare to the other operators, do you think, Matt?
Matt Maddox: Much higher.
Shaun Kelley  Bank of America : That's helpful. And just one last one because you mentioned the direct business, could you give us a sense of just kind of what your percentages are kind of indirect versus junket based VIP for the quarter and kind of how you think about that mix going forward? And that's it for me. Thanks, everyone.
Matt Maddox: On a volume basis, it's always between 10% and 15%, and it was closer to the lower end of the range based on turnover for the quarter, both in the fourth quarter of '09 and the fourth quarter of 2010. So it's growing, the direct business is growing, but our junket business, as we add junket, has been growing faster.
Steve Wynn: We've been adding junket operators. And we've got one or two more coming this spring.
Matt Maddox: That's right. Two more, potential --
Steve Wynn: That will take us to 12.
Matt Maddox: Yes, 24 additional tables.
Steve Wynn: Yes. And I think that's just for a while, but we've got two junket operators coming on stream that you'll see in the second quarter.
Shaun Kelley  Bank of America : Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Joe Greff with JPMorgan.
Joe Greff  JPMorgan: Good afternoon, everybody. Steve, you talked earlier about the Cotai project being a breakaway property. I was hoping maybe you can give us the sense maybe, internally, maybe how that design development has evolved. And then if you can give us any sort of sense of your view on timing with respect to conversations you're having with the government, that would be helpful. And then I have a couple of follow-ups for Matt.
Steve Wynn: Well, it's taken me a little over a year with DeRuyter Butler, my design partner, to draw the building. There's two of us that do it. And then Roger Thomas comes along and makes it look beautiful on the inside. When I say it's a breakaway property, this structure, this building and its arrangement would never ever exist in the Las Vegas market. It would only be for Macau. It's designed as a result of our experience, which is maturing as time goes by, to make the building extremely user-friendly, convenient and beautiful with the people that we cater to, our junket operators, the public, all of our restaurants, are organized in a way to be entertainment and theater. Each of them is basically a theater with entertainment. The entertainment quotient of the hotel that we're building on Cotai is markedly above anything we've ever done before. This is the kind of a thing you have to see to understand, but everybody who's seen it, they all have the same three-letter response. They go, "Wow." There's no building that looks like this. There's no building arranged like this in the history of our industry. We've always been sort of credited with leading the way in terms of the design of these facilities. And for D. Butler and I and for Roger Thomas, this is a whole other level that we've gone to. And we could only have gotten there because we had 40 years of experience. We could only get there because we've been in Macau for the past nine years since the concession was granted and since we've been in business since '06. All of this contributes to an understanding of the market. And then we get this leadership from the government who constantly gives us guidance about what they'd like to see happen in the enclave, in the special administrative region. When we get this guidance from the government about entertainment and non-casino attractions, we pay very close attention and we act accordingly. That helps us again tailor the property to Macau. This building that we're going to show everybody in no way resembles anything that anybody's ever seen before. And I think that there's a limit to the verbiage that you can attach at a moment like this. It really needs a picture and a floor plan to explain it. But I promise you that it'll attract a lot of attention. You had follow-up questions for Matt?
Joe Greff  JPMorgan: Matt, yeah. I was hoping you can help us break out the cash balance between Macau and the parent. Another question is, if corporate expense was higher than what we had modeled, I'm presuming that relates to the revenues and cash flows tracking way above where people, yourselves had modeled. If you can help us understand what that corporate expense run rate level from here might be. And then we're getting questions about the table hold impact in Macau on EBITDA, if you could help us sort of understand that. But I'm kind of coming up with a math that would suggest that favorable table hold, that it's somewhere between $15 million to $20 million of EBITDA in the quarter. If you can help us understand that, that'd be great.
Matt Maddox: Sure. So at 12/31, about half of the cash is at parent, a little more than half, and the rest is at subsidiaries, mainly Wynn Macau, of the $1.3 billion. If you look at corporate expense, we had corporate development activities actually that were ramped up in the fourth quarter. I would say a better run rate is closer to the third quarter which was, excluding stock-based comp, around $18 million, as a run rate going forward. So we just had some development activities in the fourth quarter. And you, what was your final question, Joe?
Joe Greff  JPMorgan: The favorable hold impact on EBITDA in Macau in the fourth quarter?
Matt Maddox: I mean you can -- we never calculate that for you guys. You know the range and you can see what we held, so I'll let you do that.
Joe Greff  JPMorgan: Okay. Thanks, guys.
Matt Maddox: Sure.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Mark Strawn with Morgan Stanley.
Mark Strawn  Morgan Stanley: Hi, guys. Just one quick follow-up on Joe's question on Cotai. Do you guys have any rough range of when you could potentially sign the land concession there and whether or not you would --
Steve Wynn: Oh, yes.
Mark Strawn  Morgan Stanley: -- start meaningful construction in advance of that?
Steve Wynn: Oh, I'm sorry, I shouldn't -- Joe asked that question, I didn't respond. The government officials, Secretary Tam and the Chief Executive Fernando Chui, themselves testified before the [Exco], and it was reprinted in the newspapers, that the master plan for Cotai includes specifically Wynn Macau's new property and SJM and MGM. And so we've had confirmation from the government about their desire that we go forward. Remembering that in China, it's a country far older, far more established than the United States and things move at fair speed. And they're very meticulous about everything. And so we tend to have gaps while we wait for approvals and -- but always that government is consistent. They tell you what to expect, what they're going to do, and what they want you to do. And I met -- I meet with them every time I'm there, once a month. And all my conversations have been confirmed, what I've just said to you. And I'm hoping that we could get started in March or April at the latest. It's a landfill, as you know, at Cotai. And so there's remediation that takes place for the foundation work that adds six or seven months to normal construction time. But we're so in love with this building that if the government permits it, we will work more than one shift and make up time. I hope that answers your question. But there is no issue about whether we're going to build the hotel or not, and the government had said so.
Mark Strawn  Morgan Stanley: Understood. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question come is from the line of Carlo Santarelli with Wells Fargo.
Carlo Santarelli  Wells Fargo: Hey, guys. If I could just follow up on that. Steve, if I understand your timeline, could we expect possibly an opening in 2014? And then I had a follow-up on Macau. Thanks.
Steve Wynn: I think late' 14, early' 15 would be my best guess. But again I have to wait for the government to give us the green light. These are not things that are under my control, nor should they be. There are a lot of things that go into the development decisions in Macau at this point with this government. They're very self-conscious about how they want that city to proceed and what role we are to play in that procession. And so you end up sitting there quietly waiting for the guidance and for the leadership to make up their mind on when and how you should proceed. They're very specific about all of this. And in a way, although you perhaps get impatient, it's a very satisfying environment to be in because you always know where you stand. I like that personally. I find that very comforting.
Carlo Santarelli  Wells Fargo: Understood. Thank you. And then I know you obviously gave a little data point there on Chinese New Year, but could you guys maybe characterize what you're seeing obviously in January and February, to date, in some of the trends in Macau?
Steve Wynn: Everything is up in Macau and Las Vegas. And we're also being lucky.
Carlo Santarelli  Wells Fargo: Great. Thanks much.
Steve Wynn: That's a gate that swings both ways.
Carlo Santarelli  Wells Fargo: Thank you.
Steve Wynn: We held in Las Vegas, what, 22% for the year? We're always within our range. At the end of the day, I've been doing this for a long time, and it always goes -- it always straightens out. We have quarters that are down and quarters that are up, but if you take a look at our history, our casino organizations managed to get their share of the revenue, the appropriate share, for all 40 years.
Matt Maddox: Yeah, 22% for the year in Las Vegas, and then in Macau, on the VIP side, it was 3% and then 23% in the mass casino for the year.
Steve Wynn: Right on the [button].
Carlo Santarelli  Wells Fargo: Great. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Chris Woronka with Deutsche Bank.
Chris Woronka  Deutsche Bank: Hey, good afternoon. Can you just remind us what percentage of your business in Las Vegas is convention, maybe what you expect there this year? And do you think the convention gambler is as good as your non-convention gambler? Do you see the gaming revenues kind of going back in line with the convention business?
Matt Maddox: What I'd say about the convention business is definitely we will book more room nights on the convention side, north of 20%. Somewhere between 20% and 22% of our room nights will be convention this year, and that was as low as 13 in 2009. So it's going in the right direction. And that's, even before the recession, that number was always between 22% and 25%. So now it's a question of rate. In terms of the gambler, that's really not where we're going to see the gaming revenues. The convention business is the midweek business and you feel it much more on the non-gaming side.
Chris Woronka  Deutsche Bank: Okay, great. And then just a question on comps, we know your competitor next-door has a new comping policy, at least for the middle end of the market. Is that something you guys look at or not at all?
Steve Wynn: We heard about it. We don't -- I can't say that I understand exactly what they're doing, not because it's particularly arcane, but because we can't make any money next-door, we can only make it here. So we have enough trouble controlling our comps in our own building. I'm sure, they're a pretty sophisticated bunch next-door, I'm sure if they changed their comp policy they rationalized it in terms of their own experience. And I didn't get nor have I ever had the opportunity to discuss it with those people. We don't enjoy a dialogue with them.
Matt Maddox: But we've always been one of the most conservative in town in terms of comps and we're very steady with that. And so nothing's really changed on our side.
Steve Wynn: There was a period when MGM and Venetian were very aggressive on comping. And as you go down the ladder in descending viability of these properties, naturally the management gets hungrier and hungrier to try and gather up customers, and invariably they pick up the stuff that the top hotel has rejected. And so you see that the -- it's sort of a negative process because as you go down the ladder, customers that are not worthy of promotional allowances are getting them. This invariably leads to financial instability and a change of executives, sort of like the credit thing I said earlier. Okay. I think that's all I got to say on the subject.
Chris Woronka  Deutsche Bank: Okay, great. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Harry Curtis with Nomura Securities.
Harry Curtis  Nomura Securities: Good afternoon. I've got a couple of quick questions. First, Steve, to what degree did the infrastructure improvements in the region in Asia impact how you design your building, and the balance between the VIP and the mass segments? And then secondly, going back to Vegas, two years ago, holding a conference or convention in Vegas was toxic, and Steve, when you speak to your friends who are CEOs, I'm just wondering if you're sensing whether or not any of that ice is thawing, and do they -- are they beginning to see the relative value that Vegas offers?
Steve Wynn: Matt, what did you say?
Matt Maddox: So, Harry, just on the convention side, we've definitely seen people have relaxed in terms of worrying about coming to Las Vegas.
Steve Wynn: You mean when the President said --
Matt Maddox: Exactly.
Steve Wynn: The business about he doesn't want people going on junkets to Las Vegas?
Matt Maddox: Yeah.
Steve Wynn: Well we had unintended consequences to that statement, as you know. I remember, I'm not going to mention the company, but one very large insurance company had a huge piece of business with us, that just the hotel bookings were in excess of $5 million. And when the President said that, and the revenue would have been in excess of $10 million, when the President said that, this company had nothing to do with TARP or government bailouts at all, very healthy, powerful company, and the chairman called, apologized that he didn't want to appear to be profligate. And so he was going to unfortunately pay $3.5 million in a forfeiture fee and cancel this $10 million piece of business. We were disconsolate over this occurrence and immediately called Harry Reid and started whining to Harry. As I say, those were unintended consequences, and as Matt has mentioned, I think that has relaxed. The second part of your question, you mentioned something about infrastructure?
Harry Curtis  Nomura Securities: Right.
Steve Wynn: Please clarify that question, I'm not sure I understand it.
Harry Curtis  Nomura Securities: Well, the expansion of the rail system by 2015 or thereabouts, the bridge connecting.
Steve Wynn: Oh, you're talking about the stuff that they're going to do, the bridge, you're talking about Cotai?
Harry Curtis  Nomura Securities: Right.
Steve Wynn: And Macau? The bridge from Lantau Island across the Pearl River Delta. Oh, my goodness. It's a cataclysmic event. It's 20 minutes from downtown Hong Kong. It makes Macau and Zhuhai suburbs and Shenzhen one giant metroplex with about 40 million people. The impact of that bridge which has been green-lighted by the Central Government is incredible. I'm not sure that any of us understand how big that impact is. And it splits -- the way it works, you come from downtown Hong Kong and you go Disney World, Walt -- Disneyland on Lantau Island, and the bridge to Lantau Island from Hong Kong is only a few hundred meters long. And then you get to Disneyland and then you keep going, and on the north side of Lantau Island is a horizontal long finger that points towards Zhuhai and the Pearl River Delta. On the north side of the island is the airport in Hong Kong, the beautiful, incredible Norman Foster Airport. And then the end of that island just past the airport is 18 miles across shallow water, maybe 18 or 20 feet deep. And across the Pearl River Delta, heading towards the peninsula that is Zhuhai and Macau, they're going to build this road, this bridge, very much like I think what you'd see in the Florida Keys. And at that point, it's all one city. And that's an -- I think there's rail, and of course the Central Government of China is connecting all the major metropolitan areas with high-speed rail. It's quite incredible to see. And the influence on future movement of the humans is powerful and enormous. That's the only thing we can say. We try to understand it because we want projections and guidance to you. And it's such a big deal, but it's hard to do. We'll undoubtedly underestimate its impact.
Harry Curtis  Nomura Securities: But do you think there are design implications, like expansion opportunities beyond your initial footprint that this cataclysmic event gets you thinking about more towards 2017 and beyond?
Steve Wynn: Yes. And we've left room in our plans to add more facilities so that we can service the needs that the government explains to us properly. Again, you always want to be in a position to follow the lead that you get from the government. They're very, very planning-oriented. And as I say, that makes life a lot simpler for us because we know what to expect. And they publish and give us formally and informally guidance on these matters. We reflect flexibility in our plans so that we can respond appropriately.
Harry Curtis  Nomura Securities: That's perfect. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Robin Farley with UBS.
Robin Farley  UBS: Great. Thanks. Obviously these results speak for themselves. But I had a question kind of forward-looking. First is I'd love to hear what the corporate development activity you talked about in Q4 that was a little bit more than usual. And then secondly, specifically on Japan, I'd just be curious what your thoughts are about how that might roll out in terms of timeframe and what you could do there.
Steve Wynn: Robin, I don't -- I don't know that anyone's in a position to make a prediction about Japan. Everybody's paying very careful attention. In terms of corporate development that Matt mentioned earlier, I think I'd rather talk about deals we make rather than those that we don't. And that's sort of I think a healthy attitude to have. I don't want to fill a conference call with wild statements, hopefulness and promises that we can't keep. I know that it's a popular thing that some of our competitors have done. We don't do that. So we'll do our corporate development activity when they mature and they represent real business opportunity or decisions that have been taken by the company formally. Naturally we publish them right away. But if it's all right with you, Robin, I think it's probably not a healthy thing to speculate.
Robin Farley  UBS: Okay, fair enough.
Steve Wynn: We spend money in order to position ourselves, and I think that's what -- that's our job, we get paid for that. I think that's what we owe our shareholders. But I don't know that we owe our shareholders or anybody else visions of sugar plums dancing and that sort of thing. It's just a kind of thing that is probably a good idea to avoid.
Robin Farley  UBS: Okay, fair enough. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Jon Oh with CLSA.
Jon Oh  CLSA: Hi. Good afternoon, everyone. I have a couple of questions. I'll start off with, in the fourth quarter we've seen a pretty steady recovery of revenue share. I'm wondering how much of that can be attributed from the impact of the additional junket operator that was brought in versus organic growth.
Steve Wynn: First of all, to that question I will respond by saying that junket grew. Our own program under Linda Chen's direction and Frankie Xiao's direction grew. Our general casino activity grew, our slot machines grew, our hotel room rate grew, and our poker grew. It's been across the board.
Jon Oh  CLSA: So there was no specific spike that came as a result of that additional junket?
Steve Wynn: I'm happy to tell you that it was straight across the board. The property, the 1,000-room Wynn Encore building is very well-received by our customers. The Encore building in particular, which reflected a structure that was designed after we had been in the market for a couple of years, we had gained insight, was reflected in the design and execution. And it represents a progression, an evolution of our perception of the market. Cotai is yet another echelon, another plateau of that sort of thing.
Jon Oh  CLSA: Okay. And I guess thinking of just your business segments between direct and junket and also, to some extent, the mass market, what do you see as the low-hanging fruits from this year that you expect the strongest form of growth?
Steve Wynn: What do you think, Matt? Or Ian? We could talk about Las Vegas. We could talk about -- Scott Peterson's here. He's an expert on the low-hanging fruit. Robert Gansmo is on the call. Robert, are you there?
Robert Gansmo: I am indeed, Steve.
Steve Wynn: There, there's that fine gentleman. I'm particularly proud, I have to add this, I'm particularly proud about the depth of our financial area of our company. I've been doing this for 40 years and I've never been in the company of such talented men and women as we have now. So I think maybe Scott Peterson and Robert Gansmo should be -- should weigh in on this one.
Scott Peterson: I mean in terms of areas of opportunity for growth in 2011? I mean, we're continuing to see improvements in domestic business, and so we're seeing lots of opportunities there. Obviously Matt already talked about the convention opportunities that we have here in Las Vegas. We're expecting that to really help us on the room side this year.
Steve Wynn: You raised rates.
Scott Peterson: Yes.
Steve Wynn: We raised rates. We have just remodeled the entire Wynn facility. We spent -- we've pumped into Las Vegas $200 million last year, between the beach club, Surrender and the total remodel of Wynn. We upgraded all of our rooms. We did a number of things. We re-did baccarat, and that's been very well-received. So those were things that we're able to do. We have 3% of our rooms -- between 2% and 3%, of our rooms still under remodel. We finish by April, the end of April. And the amount of rooms and our out-of-order suites and villas is down to 2% or 3% now. So it really doesn't matter a lot. It did over this past weekend with Super Bowl. What else did you do, Scott?
Scott Peterson: Well, I mean, again, as you referred to, it's the first full year now of operation of Surrender and the beach club, so we'll see improvement there just because it's a full year. I think also --
Steve Wynn: In spite of competition.
Scott Peterson: In spite of competition. I think in the second half of 2010 we also made some good improvements in the way we're operating the facility. So I think that we'll see some improvements in expenses. I mean I think overall where we're at right now in the fourth quarter is kind of where we are, but compared to earlier in the year and in past years, I think we've made some dramatic improvements.
Steve Wynn: Robert, what do you think, looking at your operation in Macau?
Robert Gansmo: Well, you know, Steve, I think that Encore gave us a huge boost, and that came on in April 21, so we haven't seen a full year of Encore's capabilities with us yet. And there's actually still room to grow there. So, especially on the weekends, we're always capacity-constrained with our rooms. And so adding the 414 rooms and suites really helped us out. Another thing that we've done is, as everybody has mentioned, we've added some junkets. And in fact, we continue to modify our floor, to increase capacity with both our VIP and especially also our high-limit mass areas. That's been extremely well-received. The boutique [fill] associated with the Encore casino has really been a boost to our win per unit.
Steve Wynn: Robert, just for a second, I want to clarify for the people on the call. We, in Encore, we added what looks like a general casino area on the corner facing MGM and the Arc, our neighbors. It has a door around the corner, and what are there, 27 games in there, Robert?
Robert Gansmo: Yeah, 25 games.
Steve Wynn: Twenty-five games. And they're in a space that is enclosed. It's not a junket room, ours or anybody else's. And how does the win per unit in that environment compare to the win per unit in the rest of the general casino? Could you share that on this call?
Robert Gansmo: Yeah. I got to tell you that those games over there, we start -- we only started out and opened up, because of its positioning across the street from MGM, we thought that perhaps we needed some lower-limit games, some $100 games. And what we found was the customer presence there was demanding that we raise the limits. So now you won't find a game that's less than $500. In fact, you might have a difficulty finding that sometimes. You've got $500 games, $1,000 games, $2,000, $3,000 games in there.
Matt Maddox: And on a win per unit basis, it's almost three times the amount in the fourth quarter and two-and-a-half times for the full year compared to the general casino.
Steve Wynn: There's an interesting piece of information. The Chinese market responds to intimacy. So now we have a piece of mathematics that impacts the design part of our company that I'm so involved with. We have a phrase that we use with a smile on our face called "learning from Lisboa." And for many years Stanley's operation, under the direction of Ambrose So and [Louis Ng] and others, was a series of small spaces that were added on and added on and added on until it became sort of a worm's nest of one space added onto another. Now ordinarily you'd say, well, that's an awkward way to build a building. Of course it represents many, many years of expansion as the market grew. But we looked at that and said, but the Asian player is used to intimacy, used to smaller spaces. They seem to be comfortable in it. So when we designed Wynn Las Vegas -- Wynn Macau, rather, we chambered our casino, something you would never do in Las Vegas. We chambered it. We put columns that were not structural to break up the space into 14 and 16-game units, and we draped those columns with tied-back drapes to give them more of a sense of enclosure. We did the air conditioning, the HVAC, heating, ventilation, air conditioning in such a way that we could separate them with a rail or perhaps with a glass wall or finally with a partition without interrupting the business. We gave ourselves the opportunity to break down the space. That was received very well and the performance of Wynn Macau from the day that it opened was superior to its competition. Then when it came time for Encore, we actually built spaces that were smaller, on purpose. And you just heard what Matt said. What's the multiple?
Matt Maddox: Three-and-a-half times in the fourth quarter and two-and-a-half times for the year.
Steve Wynn: And I have to say, if any of the Lisboa people are on the telephone, learning from Lisboa. I mean it's very good to visit your competitors, to see what they're doing. And from those visitations, get some sense and guidance on what you should do when you design a building. It's Macau, it's not Las Vegas, and it's always instructive to remember that. That's the low-hanging fruit, increasing --
Scott Peterson: Can I add one thing, Steve, because I didnt want to sell our slot [friends short]. Marilyn's put a high priority on -- really she thinks there's a lot of opportunity in our slot revenue.
Steve Wynn: That is we think we can do better, Scott.
Scott Peterson: Yeah, absolutely. She's doing a lot of work. I mean I'm meeting with her and a whole team is meeting with her. So I think there's a low-hanging fruit there too. And that's going to be -- a lot of that's going to go straight to the bottom line.
Steve Wynn: Yeah, we've restructured our slot operation for 2011. We're in the process of doing that. It will be completed here in a few days, and we're going to have a jump there.
Jon Oh  CLSA: A follow-up question, Matt alluded to the percentage of about 10% to 15% of being direct versus junket. With the two additional junkets that will be coming in, in spring, how should we see that ratio?
Matt Maddox: With two additional junkets, you could see that ratio go to the lower side, for sure. But the direct business is still up well over 50% for the year and is continuing to grow. But when they grow, it's then one customer at a time.
Steve Wynn: Ian, do you have anything to add to that? You're the boss.
Ian Coughlan: -- add to just the general market and our opportunity this year, you don't get a lot of transparency in the investment community on what we do behind the scenes, but we're the employer of choice, we're first out of the gate to recognize where our employees' livelihoods need to be improved. We invest a huge amount of money behind the scenes in training and development. We have a massive learning and advancement program in an ever-shrinking employment market. We've weathered nine new casino property openings, four of which claims to be better than Wynn. And we continue to be at the vanguard and at the front of quality in a very, very tight labor market. So there's a lot of work that goes on behind the scenes to keep us ahead of everybody. Our employees recognize that. And there's great consistency in the service delivery of Wynn Macau. And we've seen areas like the mass market where everybody's gone promotional and had bannered their casinos. We've maintained quality. We've tried to improve the offer and we've focused on service delivery. And we reap the rewards of that both in slow times and in busy times.
Steve Wynn: If I can add to what -- those points that were so well-made by Ian, last month or about six or eight weeks ago, Prime Minister Wen Jiabao came to Macau and said that he hoped that the prosperity that the resort industry was enjoying in Macau would be shared by the workforce. That was followed immediately by public comments made by the Chief Executive Fernando Chui. When our company hears those kinds of comments, we don't wait for a week or a month, we respond instantly. And we increased the line employees', all the non-executives, salaries, and the cost of living increase by 6%. We were first to do that, not because we wanted to be first but because we respond directly to leadership given to us by the government. And that's an important part of our strategy about our identity in that community. Our job is to constantly refresh the notion that we are humble, proud and grateful to be allowed to be part of that scene. And the way you do that in China is to take good care of your employees.
Jon Oh  CLSA: Okay. And I guess finally, are we still aiming for a $2.5 billion price tag for Wynn Cotai. And could you also share with us what is the latest date for construction to commence in order to meet the timeline of 2014 or late 2014 opening?
Steve Wynn: Well now that the plans are finished, it's in the hands of Wynn design and development to create a construction budget. And that process has just begun. And I'm not quite ready to say, but I think $2.5 billion is a comfortable number for us. We'd have no compunction about spending that kind of money on the facility with all of its entertainment potential. And so -- and as far as I mentioned a few minutes ago as far as when do we get started, that's up to the government. They'll tell us. And I expect that it's not very far away.
Jon Oh  CLSA: Okay. Thank you, everyone.
Steve Wynn: You're welcome.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Janet Brashear with Sanford C. Bernstein.
Janet Brashear  Sanford C. Bernstein: Thank you. I'd just like to follow up on a few earlier points. First, on the topic of credit, you said that credit is looser now than in past times perhaps and abundant in the market. And also you reiterated that your practice is to be extremely cautious. I'm wondering if you're seeing credit being extended too freely elsewhere in the market, and if so, what impact would that have on the market as a whole.
Steve Wynn: Do you want to answer that, Robert or Ian?
Robert Gansmo: Sure. I mean, we take a lot of time to understand our customers. We don't use our credit as a marketing tool. We're conservative in our reserve methodology because we don't want to get whipsawed. I think that -- I can't say for sure how the other operators make their judgment calls, but it appears that credit for a time, if you go back to a couple of years, was over-extended. It also appears that some of the operators may have more liberal decision-making processes with respect to credit than we do.
Steve Wynn: Well said, Bob.
Robert Gansmo: I would not take it that our credit has loosened. I would say that our business volumes have increased. We've made our -- we've kept our reserve methodology the same throughout, and we'll continue to do so in the future.
Steve Wynn: Politically correct.
Ian Coughlan: We continue to be very prudent about junket partnerships. We have more people interested than we require and we add very organically. We're very careful in our due diligence. And the relationships we have with our junket partners are true partnerships. We're very, very careful on how we vet people and whom we allow on property. And looking at the rest of the market, one would say that that may not be the case in certain properties, but certainly Wynn Macau we're conservative and careful. And we benefited from very close engagements with long-term business partners, and the fruits of that can be seen in our results.
Janet Brashear  Sanford C. Bernstein: Okay. Thanks.
Steve Wynn: Excuse me. Excuse me. When I said that we've been lucky, I want to make it clear. We've only been holding 1.9% in Macau. So if you see our market share this month, it's going the other way for a few weeks. And those things get corrected, as I say. And we'll get 2.9% or 3% and our market share will pop back up, as it always does no matter what the other guys are doing.
Janet Brashear  Sanford C. Bernstein: Okay, thanks. I also wanted to follow up on the infrastructure question that we were talking about earlier. As traffic continues to grow in Macau, the visitation traffic, the people flowing in, and new supply is moving very slowly, do you foresee a point where the current infrastructure starts to become a barrier to growth and where your gaming positions max out?
Steve Wynn: No, I don't, to give you a short answer. I don't. I think there's a lot of capacity and I think that the infrastructure will handle it. If you're asking me about the impact of the bridge, again, as I said earlier, it's hard to imagine what it's like when it's 20 minutes in the car from Hong Kong to -- and maybe 40 minutes, 35 or 40 minutes, from Shenzhen. I can't -- and the rail service, I mean, these things are so strong that we're in a bit of a quandary about that. I don't know how Ian feels about it.
Ian Coughlan: I think if you look at the very peak times that happen in the city over the Golden Week holidays, everybody manages to get in, we're able to handle incredibly high volumes. I think the infrastructure side of things is a bit over-talked-about. There are good things happening in the next 18 to 24 months. We have the Pac On Ferry Ferminal, goes through a considerable expansion, the Gongbei Border gate is increasing capacity of daily arrivals by up to 60%. And there's more ferry services being put on line to Macau. So the market seems to be able to handle the additional customer arrivals. So I don't foresee an imminent problem. And the beauty of Cotai coming on stream in late '14, early '15, is the monorail system will be up and running from the Pac On Ferry Terminal around our property on two sides. So the government has reacted, there's more taxis in the marketplace. Macau is a small city. When it's very busy, it does get a little bit choked at key times. But that's the same everywhere in the world.
Janet Brashear  Sanford C. Bernstein: Great.
Steve Wynn: We're right next-door to the airport. We're the closest hotel to the new ferry terminal. And the monorail storage yard is behind our hotel. And the monorail, as Ian just mentioned, goes around two sides, and the main stop is at our front door.
Janet Brashear  Sanford C. Bernstein: Great. Thanks. If I could get you to speculate on one more impact in the market. Galaxy Macau opens sometime in the near future. What impact would you see that having broadly across the market?
Steve Wynn: Well, they've done a very -- I talked to Mike Mecca, the boss. And if he's listening, hi, Mike. How are you and Sandy? As I understand what they're doing, it's very ambitious, wonderful hotel. And it's a combination of several offerings, a company that specializes in spas and rooms of that sort. So it's a complex building with a lot of bells and whistles attached to it. So I expect that it's going be well-received. It's certainly the most ambitious and far-reaching of the Galaxy properties. So I expect it's going be a big lift for them.
Matt Maddox: It should be good for the market too because the market does not have enough hotel rooms to accommodate the people on the weekends. So I think it will be good for Cotai and good for the market overall.
Steve Wynn: Yeah. I can't wait to go see it. It's next month.
Janet Brashear  Sanford C. Bernstein: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of David Katz with Jefferies.
David Katz  Jefferies & Company: Hi. Good afternoon. I wanted to ask about Las Vegas. We've obviously come through an unprecedented set of circumstances in that market, and obviously the path to recovery, to some degree, is unprecedented also. Can you talk about how your cost strategies, how you're thinking about cost strategies in the next 12 to 24 months? I know there were instances of reducing labor in particular, and if you could sort of talk about that topic and give us some color, that would be helpful. Thank you.
Matt Maddox: Sure. I mean, look, we're running at around 9,300 FTEs right now, and we think that that is a good run rate for even if business volumes do increase. So our fixed cost right now, we feel comfortable with, and any increase in cost should really be more on the variable side. So that's the beauty of these hotels, was operating leverage. As things get better, your margins get better.
Steve Wynn: Scott?
Scott Peterson: Yeah. So we've learned a lot in the last year-and-a-half, I mean since Encore opened. And with the troubled times that the world went through, we had to look at ourselves, and we went back and changed a lot of things. And we got smarter. And we're ready to start taking advantage of that.
Steve Wynn: And Marilyn came along.
Scott Peterson: And she's opened up a whole new set of eyes.
Steve Wynn: And we have sort of an inbred culture here. And we look at each other all the time and we're sort of likeminded men and women. And it's nice to have someone else with a fresh perspective.
Scott Peterson: Absolutely.
Steve Wynn: Join, sit at the table and say, "No, I don't think so."
Scott Peterson: Or just why? Why?
Steve Wynn: Yeah, why would you do that? And sometimes we don't have a very intelligent answer. But Marilyn has focused us in some ways that are surprising and very refreshing.
David Katz  Jefferies & Company: Would you be able to talk about any specifics as to what her perspectives are and what categories she's brought a new look?
Steve Wynn: Well, I remember one conversation I've had with Marilyn was about six weeks after she came. She came to my office and said, "You know, Steve, we have tremendous success with nightclubs and, our very popular hit, restaurants." I think our Steakhouse SW is the most successful restaurant in Nevada. She said, "The public taste has changed. We have a five-star restaurant, a Michelin-starred restaurant, a five-diamond restaurant in Alex. But people don't want to sit for three hours and eat dinner that way anymore. I'd rather repurpose that restaurant. I know that you love the idea that one of the restaurants has got all those Michelin stars." We've got three of them in the building, but this one in particular, this gourmet kind of restaurant. She said, "I'm not sure that we can't use that space more effectively in another way." And frankly, I would never have questioned that restaurant on my own. Marilyn made me question the restaurant. And she was right. I offer that as just a simple example of -- that was something that she brought to my office that I would have missed. There's been more of that sort of thing. We tend to be siloed to use her word, siloed in the sense that each department sort of is complete unto itself. We decentralize authority, because we think that we want to put our best people right in the -- touching the customer everyday. We don't have a big layered structure. Well, that's good. That's good in one way. We don't have a lot of vice presidents, and floaters that go in food and beverage and other departments. But on the other hand, that management style tends to miss some chances for sharing of employees, like making runs to the warehouse. Each restaurant had a runner. Why not have a runner handle several restaurants? That's not asking too much. Let's not silo or isolate each operation so much unto itself. It's good that you think about it the way you do, but Marilyn said, I think that in the process, you may be spending some money you don't have to spend. And I found that very interesting. And she used that word siloed in the sense that you have a self-contained tube that doesn't look outside itself very much. That's always a danger when you're very focused on full service. It turns out that we could make a change like that without sacrificing one speck of quality of service or responsiveness to our guests. And I welcomed that sort of thing, as did Matt and Scott and the rest of us. And I think we're all one family here, so that sort of spills over to Ian. Ian comes from the peninsula operation in Hong Kong, and he wasn't so siloed. I don't want to put words in your mouth.
Ian Coughlan: Ten years in three-star hotels, so I'm used to working with a tight budget.
Steve Wynn: You started with three-stars, but when's the last time you were in a three-star hotel, Ian?
Ian Coughlan: I stay in three-star hotels. I like --
Steve Wynn: Oh, you stay in them? Come on, you're going to make people think we're not paying you enough.
David Katz  Jefferies & Company: Thank you for that. May I ask just one more quick one?
Steve Wynn: Yes.
David Katz  Jefferies & Company: Please? Which is, I think on -- if we went back several conference calls, I believe you said that it would be a very long time before you would develop anything in the United States again. And I wondered if you still think that's true.
Steve Wynn: I don't. Still think it's true. I changed my mind.
David Katz  Jefferies & Company: Yes. Okay. Thank you.
Steve Wynn: You're welcome. I think that will do it.
Matt Maddox: That was the last question. So, thanks everyone for joining us.
Steve Wynn: Bye-bye.
Operator: Thank you all for participating in today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q3  (2010-11-03 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Stephen Wynn - Founder, Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, Chairman of Wynn Macau Limited and Chief Executive Officer of Wynn Macau Limited Andrew Pascal - President of Wynn Las Vegas LLC Linda Chen - Director, President of Wynn International Marketing Ltd and Chief Operating Officer of Wynn Resorts Macau Marc Schorr - Chief Operating Officer, Director, Member of Gaming Compliance Committee and Director of Wynn Macau Ltd. Matt Maddox - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Treasurer
Analysts: Shaun Kelley - BofA Merrill Lynch Carlo Santarelli - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC David Katz - Jefferies & Company, Inc. Janet Brashear - Bernstein Research Cameron McKnight - Buckingham Research Group, Inc. Thomas Marsico Mark Strawn - Morgan Stanley Joseph Greff - JP Morgan Chase & Co Jon Oh - CLSA Limited Grant Chum - UBS Investment Bank
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Wynn Resorts Third Quarter 2010 Earnings Call. Joining the call on behalf of the company today are Steve Wynn; Marc Schorr; John Strzemp; Matt Maddox; Andrew Pascal; Scott Peterson, and on the phone, Ian Coughlan, President of Wynn Macau; and Robert Gansmo, CFO of Wynn Macau. [Operator Instructions] Now I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Maddox. Please go ahead, sir.
Matt Maddox: Thank you, and good afternoon, everyone. I just like to remind everybody that we will be making forward-looking statements under the Safe Harbor Federal Securities laws, and with that, I'm going to turn it over to Steve Wynn for opening comments.
Stephen Wynn: Okay, so we had a nice quarter. Made a couple of $100 million [ph] in Macau and not bad in Las Vegas either. This is the first time on the conference call that I'm going to say I believe that we've seen the bottom in Las Vegas and I don't know how fast it's going to get better, but I don't think it's going to get any worse and we had a really nice October too, and we had a record-breaking October in China. So business is pretty good actually all the way around. I think with two months to go, we're over $900 million of EBITDA, so speaking after my 40-odd years, first year we're going to go well over $1 billion in profit, in EBITDA at least. Although I stress again that this EBITDA number, which is what everybody likes to flash around is sort of a fake number because you have to pay your interest so lots got to do with what you make as how much money you owe. And depreciation isn't something that can be discarded. The more hotels you have, the more depreciation you've got. And the more money you have to spend taking care of these places, which reminds me that our remodeling and upgrading of the whole Las Vegas facility, the Wynn Las Vegas facility is proceeding greatly and the public is receiving it well. It's caused our room rates to go up in the newly remodeled and refurbished rooms. Our baccarat is closed until Christmas, it's being re-configured and we opened a restaurant a few days ago in Las Vegas called the Lakeside Grill, which is jumping and doing big business for us. And our night clubs continue to be as a group, probably the most successful on the planet. We're going to do $150 million or $160 million in Nightclub business in Las Vegas and make 45% profit or something. So generally speaking, we like the way we're configured and we're happy that things aren't going to get worse. I think the election today is a great moment in stabilizing what has been overwhelming uncertainty and fear of this administration by businessmen around the country. And I think that the message that the American people are sending to Washington tonight is clear, decisive rejection of the policies that have put us in this position lately. And so I think that we're going to see a more positive, a more consumer confidence after tonight, as the administration sort of gets put in its place about overwhelming government control and ridiculous spending and stuff like that. We were damaged as a company by the healthcare bill. We have been the victim of 8% escalation of healthcare costs and our insurance program and we self-insure. We are healthcare provider. And we have never touched the benefits to our employees or raised their costs of their contributions in co-pay and such. Since we opened this hotel five years ago, we've just taken the hit on 8% a year. As a result of this ridiculous 2700-page fiasco that this Congress passed, our escalation of healthcare cost is going to close to 11% or 12%. Thank you very much, Congress, for all the help. They made it tougher on large businesses, small businesses, they've made it tougher on unions. In many cases, the culinary union contract with us, for example, and calls for a fixed contribution or cost of living escalation every year to be put into healthcare or wages whichever the union wants. And when it all goes to healthcare, their wages can't be increased. Or put in even a worse situation that the amount of money that we can give the union to cover their healthcare escalation doesn't equal what the union has to pay out in its policy to our employees. So the healthcare bill was a fiasco across the Board. We can only hope that maybe when the new legislation reconvenes, they will somehow undo the damage that has been done by this ill-conceived piece of legislation, which is very important to companies like ourselves, which employ and ensure tens of thousands of people. So I think that the elections have very positive moment and maybe we'll get some relief from the government in the months ahead. The President, as you know, told everybody not to go to Las Vegas in more or less terms and that didn't help us. So all of this is going to get cleared up I think now, and we're filling terrific about China now. I think I'll finish my part of this meeting before it get into questions about Cotai. My designed partners and I have been working on an average of 6 hours a day as many as 12 this summer, but six hours a day every week for months now. And maybe it was because of experience and maybe it was because of opportunity, but it's gone much faster than it usually has. And we have a plan and we have our building drawn. We haven't finished construction documents for bidding, but we're ready to begin and we will. We're doing soil testing on the location of the tower as we speak in China. It has begun. And site clearance begins in a few weeks. And we're off to the races with the Cotai project, which is a stunning, remarkable piece of business. And it's been the most fun, the most challenging and the most rewarding experience of my 42-year career in this job. And I believe that it's a breakaway property physically and conceptually and operationally compared to any other facility of its kind in the world. I'm very, very proud of it. And we're going to be showing pictures and models in a few weeks as we complete renderings and other visual studies that would allow us to explain this hotel to the public. But it is a dilly. And it's going to be the photo-op of China's gaming scene in much a way that our other properties in the past to become the photo-op of each community. It will introduce concepts and ideas into the casino architecture and casino organization of parts as they relate to the whole that have not been seen before. So I'm very happy. And it will also introduce concepts in terms of a room product that have not been seen before. Now I know I'm craving a lot of expectation with that kind of talk, and I wouldn't be doing it if I haven't seen the building and know that we could keep that promise. On the phone call like this, it's not possible to create, to show you pictures, but they will be available soon enough. And I think that since everybody is sort of done, what they're going to do, it will be tough for everybody to copy it. Now we'll take questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Joe Greff of JPMorgan.
Joseph Greff - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Steve, on the Cotai project that you just discussed with us, what's your expectation for timeline? When do you break ground? When do you think you'll open and what sort of CapEx are you talking about? And then another question on Macau, we obviously have been hearing and reading a lot about, I guess, heightened competition for the junk of business and I guess some others in the Macau market, I guess, upping the revenue share arrangements. Can you talk about that and if there is a reaction from you all, or what you are seeing in the marketplace that would be helpful understanding that.
Stephen Wynn: Okay, we make forward-leaning statements or whatever they're called, so I'll tell you. Some of the other fellas are a little desperate about their performance. And they've been trying to buy business. I guess in order to make an impression for an IPO or something, it's a scheme that doesn't work very well. They increased the top line but they don't increase the bottom line. October was the best month we ever had. We made over $90 million last month in Macau. And so they don't really lay a glove on us. We've got our own customers. And you've all written about the fact that we tend to be resistant to such change. Our fair share increases, that comparison of the percentage of tables to the percentage of money compared to the percentage of equipment. Our fair share improves, our competitive posture improves with competition. It doesn't deteriorate. So we like the fact that the market is strong and growing and vital. We would prefer that the competition adhere to the rules, but we'll leave that to the government. But we run our business based upon creating a good experience for our customers and that's what pays off. So with regard to Cotai's costs, we know what the building looks like now, and how where all the parts are and how they relate to one another. We don't want to publish our estimated budget for the building until we've had a chance to finish certain parts of the back of the house that we have to place. And then we're going to do a final take-off and we're going to budget the footage. And I'll do that and have a budget by the next time we have a conference call in three months. But it's a little early for me to say it, but I could say it's between $2 billion and $3 billion, probably closer to $2.5 billion, but I'm not sure. I'd like to finish doing the whole take-off. We'll break ground and we'll actually get started -- because remember it's a landfill. We'll be working on the site and what is the beginning of the construction of the project within a few weeks. We'll do site clearance immediately. We're doing the test borings this week because we know the exact location of the high rise. We'll be cleaning up the site and starting the remediation. Remember, it's a dump in effect, it's a landfill. They dump all kinds of junk on the ground and they put dirt over it. And when the ground settles unevenly because of the unstable base, and in order to put our foundation and we have to clean that stuff out and go through it with pilings and other forms of foundational structure. And all that will be done during the year of '11. We're underway and we'll finish and be open for business in '15, so four years from now. That's what the whole thing takes. And we'll show you the building in great detail probably next time, the end of the next quarter. We'll start using showing all the pretty pictures and stuff that might Board saw today. We had a board meeting a few minutes ago and I showed the building to the directors, enjoying it as we have been. Did I answer your question, Joe?
Joseph Greff - JP Morgan Chase & Co: It does.
Operator: Your next question comes from Carlo Santarelli of Wells Fargo.
Carlo Santarelli - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Steve, I was wondering if you can comment a little bit about your strategy for Japan and how you see that process playing out?
Stephen Wynn: I just came from one room talking about Japan after the board meeting. The situation in Japan has come to the point where a committee of inter-party committee, cross-party committee has been formed to study the matter and to advise a report to the diet. And our people have just spent a couple of weeks in Japan and we are following the situation carefully. Exploratory committees or individuals are visiting Las Vegas in the near future and they're visiting Macau and Singapore. You can imagine that all the companies that have an interest in international gaming are queued up, making their best moves and creating their best relationships in doing all of the others enabling [ph] and maneuvering that they could possibly do and we're included in such group. Where it all ends up is murky at best at this moment. They've got to accept the budget. And in a parliamentary form of government in Japan, it could fail or be accepted. It could cause a crisis that would require an election. And there could be a change of power or continuation of power, there could be consolidation of power by the Democrats or the LDP [Liberal Democratic Party] and the players could change and the attitudes could change. Matt, what did you tell me that the average lifespan of a Prime Minister in Japan is how long?
Matt Maddox: I think in the last five years, it's about one year. They've had five in the last six years.
Stephen Wynn: Yes. So the situation in Japan is provocative as inviting as potentially wonderful as it might be for the citizens of Japan and for a company that could be of service in the construction of such an industry like ourselves or any of the other fellas. We're not quite clear on a schedule or the exact description of the chain of events that would lead to the development of an industry like this in Japan. There are some very influential and intelligent men in government in Japan that feel that it maybe appropriate to do this. And that's encouraging. And then of course everybody knows who they are, and is trying to put the best foot forward. That's it.
Operator: Your next question comes from Shaun Kelley of Bank of America.
Shaun Kelley - BofA Merrill Lynch: Just a quick question again to go back to the Cotai. I'm wondering if you could talk a little bit more, maybe, about just kind of the land concessionaires, that's something you need before you're going to feel comfortable putting a lot of different capital into the ground there and maybe timing around that? And then also just your thoughts on financing the project maybe for Matt.
Stephen Wynn: Well, I'll talk about one part of it because Kim Sinatra is here. It's a strange thing for Westerners to understand how it works in Macau sometimes. You lease the land with ground rent from the government for a specific purpose and you must comply with that purpose when you ask for the concession. And the amount of money you pay for the concession is directly related to the purpose and the amount of footage and the description of the footage on the property. They commit to the property for you in advance and allow you, in our case, to put a fence around it, to build a warehouse. The final lease payment is determined by the publication of the plan in the gazette. Prior to that time, you're encouraged to go ahead and begin. And we do. And hotels are built that way. Sometimes the gazette process trails, but in all cases, you are given instructions by the government in advance on what to do and what you're allowed to do as we have been given in the past two years. So that's why there's a warehouse and plans and our procedure has gone all the way to the end of the regulatory process to execute the final lease and that will happen in the next several weeks. But as far as the commitment that you have to use the property and do your project, you get that way in advance, and we've got that. And it comes in writing as a matter of fact. That came quite a while ago. So there's stability, there's predictability there. Again, I stress, it's not like here we nobody knows what to expect tomorrow because of our particular political problems we've had in the past two years with this administration. But in Macau, it's not that way at all. I mean there's rules and there's procedures and you follow them. And then you go about your business.
Matt Maddox: On the financing, as you've seen in the press release, Sean, we are talking about Wynn Macau Limited being a regular recurring dividend-paying company with a target yield of 1% to 3%. So if you run through the math, you'll see that that's anywhere in the neighborhood of less than 50% of the cash flow. So when I think about financing it, we'll probably put an extra add-on to our bank facility down there. Once we really know what the final budget is, and then use the substantial free cash flow. But what you give with Wynn Macau is, you get both the dividend-paying company and the growth of Cotai. So we want to be able to execute and we will execute both.
Stephen Wynn: Well, we're at it, the Board of Directors today voted a special dividend of $8 a share payable on December 7. Another promo, another piece of good news associated by our extraordinary capital structure and our cash flows still leaves us with a huge amount of excess capital and the freedom that many of our competitors don't enjoy financially. But it's good news for our shareholders who we believe should be the principal beneficiaries of this company's activities. And that has been our pattern over the past, ever since the inception of Wynn resorts to take the interest of the shareholders first and considering the whole picture in this country. It was good time for a special dividend.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Strawn of Morgan Stanley.
Mark Strawn - Morgan Stanley: One question on Las Vegas. Sounds like you're calling something of a bottom with maybe a slow recovery. If you look at the core segments to your business, are there any segments that you see outperforming at this stage and any segments that are still consistently weak perhaps?
Matt Maddox: I think we've talked about in the past couple of calls about one segment, where I think we're starting to see more stability and that was hardest hit coming into the recession mostly Convention and Group business. And so we've seen that improved. I feel pretty good coming into next year. The amount of business that we currently have on the books committed, I mean, to give you a comparison last year coming into this year, we had about 35% of our convention room nights on the books. And going into next year, we're looking at 65% of our convention room nights on the books. So we're happy to see that segment is going to return to somewhere between 18%, 19% of our overall occupancy. And also we're seeing some rate improvement. The hardest hit in terms of the segments, in terms of the overall rate decline and we saw that bottomed out. We're starting to see some rate improvement there as well. So if I think about the different segments, I would say the Convention segment is the one that is showing stability and signs of growth.
Stephen Wynn: I was just, for a second, while Andy was answering that question. And I mentioned the dividend a moment ago. After the dividend, this company throws out the cash flow. It's almost half as much as our total debt, net debt. It's a very comfortable position to be in. I just thought I'd mentioned that. I love that ratio and try to keep it conservative like that. We don't worry about coverage of our interest payment, we worry about coverage of our earnings compared to the total debt. And we'd like it when our earnings as half of our total debt. That keeps us in a very strong position and that's after we pay $1 billion or more dividend. So what's the next question ?
Operator: Your next question comes from David Katz of Jefferies.
David Katz - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: So many things have seemed to be going right in Macau. And clearly, this is a happy release and a happy conference call, and not to spoil that in any way, but what should we consider that could potentially go wrong. What are the biggest concerns or issues we should think about going forward as we model out the next couple of years particularly in Macau? What concerns you?
Stephen Wynn: You want me to hypothetically think of everything could go wrong on a conference call? Who do you think you're talking to, anyway? You've got no chance of me doing that. You do that. That will give you something to do. I'm not going to do it. You understand the market clearly enough. Why would I hypothecate about stuff like that?
David Katz - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: If I may turn it around as it relates to Las Vegas and talk about some of the issues that could drive the market higher, you made a comment earlier which, I think, we took note of that. It shouldn't get any worse. What are the issues as it relates to air traffic as it relates to the overall business climate that you would recommend we keep an eye on and plotting the trajectory of Las Vegas getting better?
Stephen Wynn: We are a top-end operator. We cater the better people with the five stars and the five diamond service in the [ph]. We are a niche operator. We try and have the best hotel in every market that we're in. That means our customers are discriminating, well-to-do, very intelligent people. And they have money. And in the United States of America, people with money have been in the defensive crouch if they run a business because of the administration in Washington. It's an anti-business, socialistic and aggressively anti-business. We've never seen like this in our life. Where there's a cross here, printed on the back of anybody that creates jobs or makes money. My customers, my guests are frightened of these people. And so they are clutching their bankrolls and hiding out. Now what's going to affect the Las Vegas and companies like MGM and The Venetian and myself, our gang will be, the phrase they use is consumer confidence. But its absence of fear. Once the businessmen and -- all this cash in America is being held on the side, it maybe a couple of trillion. It's locked up. Unfortunately, most of it is being lent to the government at no interest and treasuries. Between the family and the company, we have probably couple of billion dollars in treasury bills with no interest. Nobody wants to take their bankroll out of their pocket because they don't know what's going to happen to them. The minute that this election is straightened out and this administration is properly put in its place, I believe there's going to be a change in consumer confidence in America. And if they're smart enough in Washington to not touch with the tax rate that we enjoy now, you will see businesses heave a sigh of relief and there'll be a lot of unexpected good things happen. If this money that's on the side comes out, it's not only good for Las Vegas, it's good for America. And if we get some people in there that stops squandering money, and the government will even be in better shape. And we get some intelligent leadership on entitlements, there's going to wave of confidence and optimism in America that will radically and rapidly change the doldrums that we're in. One of the problems we got is that the people who are in elected positions in Washington do not have the intellectual firepower to deal with the problems or understand them in America today. The damned farm system for the Washington is the state legislature. For example, that really affects our business, we've been told over and over again by the President that everybody who's got $250,000 a year income or more is a rich person that should pay their fair share, presumably because we're not now. Well, the fact of the matter is that the personal tax rate is the business tax of small and medium businesses in America. And the people that are making $2 million and $3 million and $4 million in subchapter S corporations are proprietorships or partnerships. They're paying their taxes as individuals. They're subtracting their income expenses and then paying a tax as ordinary tax rates and then opening up shops and new offices with what the balance of the $2 million or $3 million or $4 million or $5 million they're making. And incidentally, they're not really making the $2 million or $3 million or $4 million or $5 million. Usually, 25% or 30% of that is tied up in inventory or accounts receivable. And yet, in spite of this overwhelming truth, the President of the United States and leaders of the parties that support him keep calling everybody who files a tax return with $250,000 or more a rich person. It is a total and deliberate misstatement of the structure of the American economy. It's a form of hypocrisy that defies understanding. It's also an insult to the intelligence of the American people. An insult, which I think is going to be answered as this day proceeds very clearly by the voters. But this kind of foolishness and hypocrisy has to stop. And that's when people come to Las Vegas, to spend money, go shopping and do all the other things they do, it will loosen things up. And we call all of these consumer confidence. Right now, it's consumer disgust and fear of -- when our leaders in Washington are guilty of blatant hypocrisy, anybody with a brain in their head is frightened by it. And I think that when that disappears, if it does tonight, we're going to see a much a more optimistic frame of mind in the United States that will directly benefit Las Vegas. And if Harry Reid survives his challenge in this election, I think Harry will go back to a Senate with a different flavor. And I think that maybe Harry will be in a position to help Nevada more than he has in the past with the different constituency in the Senate and it will be good for Las Vegas. Those are the things to look at for this town. We are very much a sounding board for America.
David Katz - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: With your financial strength and the Cotai project which you discussed earlier, are there any other areas or markets or projects that you would consider between now and Cotai openings since it's a few years away and you do have the strength to pursue things?
Stephen Wynn: The answer is yes, but I think it's probably a pretty good idea to keep our cards closed to the vest and talk about deals we've made instead of ones that we want to make.
Operator: Your next question comes from Tom Marsico of Marsico Capital Management.
Thomas Marsico: First of all, as a longtime shareholder, I would just like to express our gratitude of the execution and transparency that you provided for our shareholders in the money that we manage for our clients. I think that the $8 dividend, we bought stock back again at $19 [ph] on the -- during the terrible period of time that we went through a couple of years ago. And I think in total now, this is about $24 of dividends that we've received. I commend you for making, taking a public stand as far as what was happening in Washington. I think that you definitely, as you always have understood the feelings of your guests, who are the citizens of the United States and of the world, and you definitely tapped into a feeling that people were frightened and scared. And I hope that you're right if we see some difference as a result of the election tonight. But I would just like to say on behalf of our clients, your leadership execution and transparency of the company has been terrific and we applaud you.
Stephen Wynn: We went public so that we could have shareholders like you and our other strong institutional shareholders, and Ron Baron and others. And It's been a source of strength because the institutional shareholdings that company like ours hold when we're lucky enough to enjoy that kind of institutional ownership. It gives us stability to the base of the company that would otherwise be impossible. And incidentally, Tom, I don't know how, since you and I are talking to each other in front of everybody else, I don't know after tonight how this administration could possibly interpret the mood of America any differently than what the results are clearly going to show, which is a rebuke and repudiation of this move towards massive government expansion overcontrol and ridiculous, ridiculous is the only word for it, spending. And I don't know how this President or any member of that administration or politician, regardless of party, could stand up and not get the message from the citizens of this country that, that stuff doesn't go. It's got to change, Democrat or Republican. And I vote both ways. It's got to stop or America is headed for problems that -- I mean, one of the reasons I'm so angry about this, and there's no question I am, is that I have always had a sort of a protective attitude towards my employees. I consider us a family. And I've always thought that we, as a company, if we stayed healthy, that we could protect our employees in every way possible. And now I see the government destroying the value of the dollar, lowering the quality of life and the standard of living for the working class of America, the very people that they're supposed to represent. And sure, we're going to give paychecks out, but they're going to be $0.60 on a dollar paychecks. And all these people are coming up for Social Security and Medicare. They're going to get paid with $0.60 and $0.70 on a dollar, dollars. I remember hearing the President say that the middle class has gone down and the rich get richer. The reason the middle-class relative position deteriorates, if it does at all, is because of the government. Not because of people that creates jobs and build companies. It's because of the government. And what happened now is the American public has awakened to this miserable truth. And they see right through with phony rhetoric. And if that's true, we're going to get a different kind of leadership in Congress that recognizes what it takes to run this country properly using common sense. And that's the reason that I think that this stinging rebuke that the President is going to get tonight has to have a proper effect on him and other like-thinking hypocrites.
Operator: Your next question comes from Cameron McKnight of Buckingham.
Cameron McKnight - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Steve, would you mind commenting on some of the general macro trends you're seeing in China as it relates to your business. Are you seeing more customers? Or are you seeing more spend from a similar number of customers?
Stephen Wynn: More customers, longer stays, everything that the government of Macau intended to happen in Macau is happening. Here's a government with a plan, with a common sense plan, and they employed experts to execute the plan. A bunch of us that do this sort of thing. Instead of it being a day-trip market, the length of stay has elongated. The amount of spending on non-casino has increased. The total amount of visitation has grown at a steady, wonderful pace under the control of the government. Employment is stable. Earnings are stable or growing. It's another example of solid political leadership in the local Macau government level and in the policy direction and support that the central government in Beijing gives Macau. I've been there nine years and the contrast to last two years between this and China is something I've commented on publicly before. But it's even more clear at the very moment that we're speaking today than ever before. I mean everything that they wanted, by opening the monopoly situation in 2002 has happened right on mark. Very Chinese. Have a program, outline the program and stick to it. That's what they do over there. And if you're part of it, you're fortunate. And we are very fortunate to have been allowed to participate.
Cameron McKnight - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: And switching gears over to Las Vegas. A few quarters ago in '09, you commented about the win rate on table games was impaired because of shorter time on device. And over the last couple of quarters, we've seen the hopeless and it's started to come back. Are customers feeling more confident? Or is it something else going on with the mix of business?
Stephen Wynn: Well, as we've raised our rates and our hotel rates have started to slowly climb again, we're getting that visitor that is more well-rounded and got a deeper pocket too, so they play longer. Andrew can comment and Marc Schorr is here. Either one of those guys -- really this is the ballpark they live in every day.
Andrew Pascal: Better customers are better players. As simple as that. That's what we're seeing, just better player in the casino. Playing for players [ph] is what's happening. It's improved over the last year.
Stephen Wynn: And Andrew, it's sort of directly related. The room rate we get is...
Andrew Pascal: We've seen more stability in our domestic segment of our market on the gaming side. So that's helped a lot.
Marc Schorr: Especially with the last two quarters.
Stephen Wynn: Domestic business in the last two quarters has been better. I think it's all anticipation of this election to be honest with you. It's been pretty clear what's going to happen in Washington for about four or five months. And I think that has taken hold. The effect of the government on this economy, the perception of the government in this economy can not be overstated. The psychological impact that has been -- that the government's policies have had has been a major factor in prolonging the recession.
Operator: Your next question comes from Grant Chum of UBS.
Grant Chum - UBS Investment Bank: Steve, just a question on the casino side in Macau. As you look at the configuration of the VIP and mass-market compacity in Macau, do you have any sense as whether we should expect you to add more junket partners over the next six months or so. And related to that, what's your feeling now on credit extension environment in Macau? I mean, you've been so cautious since mid of 2008. What should we expect in that going forward?
Stephen Wynn: The boss lady is here, Linda Chen. And I'm going to let her deal with this because it is her -- since she graduated Cornell, I won't say when, it's been her issue with us.
Linda Chen: The first question on the junket, yes, we do have plans to add more. We are capacity-constraint, as you always know, Grant, you know our property very well, but we're looking to add two or three more junket within the next year. We have one actually coming out before the end of the year. As far as credit, you and I have had this conversation. I think the worst mistake someone could make is use the credit as a marketing tool and to buy the business. And its stability. You can't do whether it's credit or incentive for short-term purpose. And there are operators, whether they're trying to boost up their revenue for whatever purpose that they go in and out of increased commission or credit.
Stephen Wynn: Linda, could you speak a little louder, a little slower. I want them to understand the point you're making. Start that explanation over again.
Linda Chen: What I think a lot of operator do, whether it's with credit or incentive, which is commission, is they use it for short-term purpose to increase revenue, to increase market share. So obviously, they go hand-in-hand. One is giving more incentive, which is commissioned back to the customer to bring the business. The second is you need credit. You need to give them facility to get the business. So they use both of them hand-in-hand to gain short-term market share, whether it's for IPO or they're trying to do different purpose to gain that short-term market share. However, the danger with that is first, we believe in stability. Obviously, if you give something more weight on the commission, then you have to cut something back, whether it's salary or renovation dollars. So you're taking -- there's only so much dollars in the 100% that you can give away. So if you're giving it too much away on the commission, then you got to cut back to other places. That creates unstable business model for the whole operation. But second, it's not good for the customers where you go in and out. Today I'm giving you more and then tomorrow, as it's found out that it's not a profitable business, now I'm going to take it back. It doesn't buy long-term loyalty with the customer or the junket. And that's what we do well. If you look at people always talking about market share, they said, "Have we lost market share?" Actually, what's the growth of the whole Macau market, we maintained our market share quite well. And that speaks a lot with even additional tables from Encore. So our penetration level had actually increased with the additional table. People don't look at that, they just keep saying as a whole market share has decreased. But in a growing market that's grown 60%, maintaining market share is already a lot of dollars and we maintain very healthy business model, where we take all those additional business to the same profitability down to the bottom line.
Stephen Wynn: We don't owe anymore money.
Linda Chen: Yes. And we haven't over extend the credit. We do credit by junk or by customer 101. You can't say credit as the overall picture says. I'm just going to increase 20% credit to get more business. It doesn't work that way. You have to know your customers. It's based on could that person, can that junket pay or can they sustain their long-term collection efforts. So it's hard for an operation coming to say, "I'm just going to go buy the business." It doesn't work on a long term. They can do that for months to buy the business. Once they can't collect, they can't turn the money around, then the business goes away. And the thing that happened in Macau [ph] .
Stephen Wynn: For example, if she has used the phrase short-term advantage. The reason it's short-term is because you don't make any money. You get bad debts and what happens is, the company has fired the dimwitted executive that did it. I been watching this for 42 years and you see one President after another get dumped one marketing tie after another gets switched. And then a new guy comes in or a new lady comes in and sanity returns and the bottom line returns and they realize finally, and irrevocably, there is only one way known to mankind to increase business, and that is by increasing the quality of customer experience. This market in China is a repeat market, they come once a week. And the quality of their experience is the only thing that matters. Consistency is what they depend upon. Predictability is what they want, just like everything else alike. Predictability, consistency, when you get the short-term thinking nitwits jumping around, it just means that pretty soon there'll be a new name on the business card. I've been watching it for 42 years, I mean, it's very difficult. It's almost unimaginable that you would need to explain at this day and age that all the casinos in Macau were paying the right amount of commission. That is to say the most amount they could give and maintain a stable business. And then some Yahoo shows up and says, "What go up by 20%?" We just discovered juicy fruit. It is the dumbest thing I've ever seen. We watched this happen because there's always a new dumbbell. And then there's an ex-dumbbell and until finally they end up with someone who knows how to run the business properly and they pay attention to what really does increase market share or market penetration and that is the quality of the customer experience. And that is all there is to say about this subject. And if you see somebody given more money away than the rest of us can give to attract the customers more promotional allowances, then you are looking at the walking dead. Call that person a zombie because their days are numbered.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jon Oh of CLSA.
Jon Oh - CLSA Limited: Steve, this question goes back to Cotai and I know that it's a bit impatient, but to the extent that you can share with us on Cotai, assuming that you will continue to leverage on the Wynn branding, what are some of the key elements of this new property that you will inject? And also how should we go about thinking about cannibalization of the existing Wynn Macau?
Stephen Wynn: Well, the second part of your question is an interesting one for the moment, cannibalization. When I sit down with my colleagues and although my name maybe on the sign, the projects belong to all of us and a reflection of all of us, not me. And when I sit with them and say who are we going to be in Cotai and can we afford to have the two places, are we just going to cannibalize the one we've got. The answer comes back from Linda and company and Ian and company and JD and Doreen and Frankie Zhao [ph] and all my colleagues, no, Steve, we're not going to cannibalize it. This market growth, we are right on schedule. We didn't build each one of the things we built. We built in due course. We let sands go first with the one that they built with the down and dirty quick one, the sands. We took our time and we opened Wynn, and then we took our time and we added tower at Encore and our penetration got better. We didn't cannibalize anything. We increased our fair share. We planned and took our time and we're ready now to build and we're starting to build Cotai because we knew, understanding market rates of growth and seeing that the operation of our competitors have been learning from that, that we would arrive at the date of opening that would allow us to achieve parity with our operation on the peninsula. And grow intelligently with our feet underneath us, gathered up and collected, like a good show horse that goes over a jump, collected. So I think that we're going to make a lot of money on Cotai. I think we're going to have 10,000 or so, 1,200, 15,000 employees and it's going to be a very stable happy experience because we did it in due course. We didn't try and do it all at once. We didn't think it being master of the universe. We thought only of one thing. How do you build with a solid foundation, a steady, predictable, long-term business and be a useful part of the community to be welcomed as a good addition to the community. To sort of be part of keeping the promise of the plan, in this case, of the government of Macau. And that's a slower, more carefully studied and considered process. And that's why our third hotel is going to open up in four years. The first one was in '06, the second one was in '09 or '10 and the third is going to be in '14 or '15. That's the arc of our development in China, but those hotels will be there forever, long after I'm gone. When my time is up in this world, those hotels are still be viable wonderful businesses providing security for their employees and the people that run them and the shareholders. And as far as giving you more information about Macau, it looks like I want to do when I got the pictures. I've shown it to all of us here know what the hotel looks like and what it got in it. But to dribble it out conversationally in this format, I think there's better ways of us doing it. I think we probably will call for an investment conference, one in China and one in Las Vegas, that Matt and I will put on with Linda and Ian and the guys and all of us. And we'll show what we're going to do. We'll have a model and we'll unveil its beauty to our joy and to the chagrin of our competitors.
Matt Maddox: I have one word to explain what I've seen in Cotai. I think it's irresistible. That's the way I would describe it if I was the customer.
Stephen Wynn: Yes. It's the best work we've done in 42 years. What's funny is that previously the best work we have done was the Encore in Macau. But you see, we get the chance to do this. Think of the wonderful serendipitous coincidence of opportunity and timing. We're in the right place at the right time and we're the right company with the right experience to build the nicest hotel in the world. Just think how lucky we are to be in that position and to know that we can afford to do it right. I am so grateful for this position we're in Macau, but I can't say it enough times. How many developers have been given the opportunity to build really remarkable places for people to visit the way most of us in this industry in China have been blessed. And for that matter, in Singapore, K.T. Lim and Sheldon Adelson's operations are enjoying a wonderful opportunity to create wonderful places because Asia has offered up this moment historically to our industry. It's wonderfully exciting and I think that all of us, whether I'm speaking for Sheldon and K.T., my friend K.T. at Genting Resorts World, is the name of his company or whether I'm speaking for my gang here, my family. We're all feeling very grateful and excited about being alive participating at this moment. Great fun. I don't want to screw up the opportunity. Sorry, but no more information about Cotai. I'd rather do it when I can show it.
Operator: Your next question comes from Janet Brashear of Sanford C. Bernstein.
Janet Brashear - Bernstein Research: Two questions. The first is relative to Cotai and the pictures. It's a little unusual to hear you showing rendering ahead of time versus secrecy that's been around some of your other designs. I'm just curious as to what caused the change in modus operandi there? And second, a question for Linda perhaps, as you think about the VIP market in Macau, it's obviously grown over the years as a percent of total to over 70%. Looking forward to the next year or two, do you see it stable at that level growing more or receding as a percentage of the total?
Stephen Wynn: First answer. We have never been secret about our projects. We had the Cotai model, the Wynn Macau model on display the day that we had the groundbreaking. We had a three-dimensional model, I showed it publicly. Had pictures out. We had a model of Mirage on display at the Golden Nugget before it was even started construction. We had the model of Bellagio on display. I'm sorry if you misunderstood, but we've never kept it secret. What we do is we don't discuss it until we're finished designing it, but once we're finished designing it, we shouted out. Yes, we displayed it, but nobody came to see it. It was in the lobby and people used to go in the desert inn and never be heard from again and for five years that applied to us. But we never kept the project secret. We've avoided discussing them until we have them finished. I think that's what you maybe...
Janet Brashear - Bernstein Research: I think I was thinking more of Encore Macau, where there weren't tourists or whatever until it was open and then we saw...
Stephen Wynn: But we couldn't get in there. It was such a small site, we couldn't get in. That's what happened. But we have a model of Encore Macau on the Wynn Macau model. We attached it and we had it on display upstairs in the Executive offices and showed it to everybody. Anybody could've seen it. So we don't intend to keep it. Once we design the hotel, we show it and if somebody wants to go, I remember going to Atlantic City this past year, I was making a tour of various jurisdictions to learn about what was going on in America because I haven't done it in so long. And I was walking out of the Borganta, which I want to look at and there next-door was Harra's, with a curved tower and asymmetrical roof, a very poor, homely copy of the Wynn Las Vegas. And I called up Gary Loveman, and I said, "Hey man, have you no shame?" I mean, and in the building was in the wrong proportion. In order to do what we do with our building, it has to be horizontal in its proportion or doesn't look right. And this one was verticals, which just looked like sort of a tall rectangle with point on one end. And he said he gave me an answer, he said "Well, duplication is a serious form of flattery." I found that relatively unsatisfactory answer. I think maybe someone should try to do their own thing instead of doing bad copies of other people's things. But we do give the boys a chance to louse up what they think we're doing. But there always one hotel behind and that reminds me of the story when Waylon Jennings met a kid that imitated the western singer. He told the kid, "Listen, I know you're a nice kid and you sing good and you're good-looking, but if you do well in Jennings, I'm already doing well in Jennings and you got to be yourself if you want to be successful in life, because I'll tell you something, son, and the boy's name was Wendell Atkins. Is it Wendell? Is it Waylon Jennings? If you do me, you're always going to be one record behind. And I thought that was a great funny remark. I was standing there when he said it. So if people copy our hotels, they're always one hotel behind. It's okay with me. Linda?
Linda Chen: On the mass market, VIP, I think so far we're seeing a tremendous growth in mass markets, because until all the new casinos opened, there weren't good mass market products. So that is the obvious market where it can grow with a [ph]. But the good news is, I think right now, it also added a good mix. But the good news is both markets are growing tremendously. So in future years to come, we hope that both markets maintain about the same percentage, but keep growing as the new product comes into the market and then new visitors a staying longer. So they're bringing new more visitors in town and they're staying longer, which benefits both segments.
Stephen Wynn: Until this recession, the history of Las Vegas has answered your question for you. Las Vegas always grew, not in spite of the addition of capacity, but because of the addition of capacity. It was the developments themselves that allowed the market to grow, and I think that China, Macau is showing the exact same profile, and as usual, in a more magnified sense because of the amount of people that are available. But that's what Linda thinks. The market grows because of the development, not in spite of it. That was the last question. Thank you everybody. We'll have more stuff for you next time we get together and hope you all have a nice Christmas holiday and a nice Thanksgiving holiday on behalf of all of us.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q2  (2010-07-30 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Stephen Wynn - Founder, Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, Chairman of Wynn Macau Limited and Chief Executive Officer of Wynn Macau Limited Ian Coughlan - President of Wynn Macau Andrew Pascal - President of Wynn Las Vegas LLC Linda Chen - Director, President of Wynn International Marketing Ltd and Chief Operating Officer of Wynn Resorts Macau Matt Maddox - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Treasurer John Strzemp - Chief Administrative Officer, Executive Vice President, Member of Gaming Compliance Committee, Chief Financial Officer of Wynn Resorts Holdings and Executive Vice President of Wynn Resorts Holdings
Analysts: Shaun Kelley - BofA Merrill Lynch Dennis Forst - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc. David Katz - Jefferies & Company, Inc. Robert LaFleur - Hudson Securities Inc. William Lerner - Deutsche Bank Securities Chris Woronka - Deutsche Bank AG Mark Strawn - Morgan Stanley Joseph Greff - JP Morgan Chase & Co Robin Farley - UBS Investment Bank Steven Kent - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Wynn Resorts Second Quarter 2010 Earnings Call. Joining the call on behalf of the company today are Steve Wynn, Marc Schorr, Linda Chen, John Strzemp, Matt Maddox, Andrew Pascal, Scott Peterson; and on the phone, Ian Coughlan and Robert Gansmo. [Operator Instructions] Now I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Maddox. Please go ahead, sir.
Matt Maddox: Thank you, and good afternoon, everyone. Before we get started, I just need to remind everybody we will be making forward-looking statements under the Safe Harbor Federal Securities Laws. And those statements may or may not come true. With that, I'm going to turn it over to Steve Wynn for opening comments.
Stephen Wynn: Not much to say that isn't explained on our press release except this. Business is slightly better in Las Vegas. We're noticing a little improvement because we've been working on our hotel mix. And we opened up the Beach Club on May 30, which was right in the last section of the quarter. But that's helped and been profitable and is ahead of plan. And it also has a related nightclub called Surrender. It had a minimal impact on our other clubs. So that segment of our business is quite incredible in Las Vegas. And that's in sharp contrast to the softness in the market, the nightclub and younger-person recreational market represented by Tryst, Blush, XS, Surrender and the Beach Club. That's a business that could do over $150 million for us, with a profit margin in the mid-40s. So we're really happy about that.  We opened up Encore on April 22 or 21, so we had the benefit of it for all but 40 days. Its impact on our operations in Macau was, interestingly enough, accretive. There's a number that I mentioned on these conference calls in the past that I consider to be the critical number in understanding the gaming industry in any given jurisdiction. That number we refer to as fair share. And you measure the percentage of equipment you have in a market like the Strip or Macau, and then you measure the percentage of revenue. If you have the same percentage of revenue as you do of equipment, then you have your fair share, and that's a one-to-one. To the extent that, that number is less than one, then you are a dormitory for your neighbors and a net donor to the neighbor. And if it's more than one-to-one, then you are a net receiver, and you've made a dormitory out of your neighbors.  Prior to the opening of our Encore facility, we had 8.5% of the equipment and 10.5% or -- and 13% of roughly of the revenue. After, we didn't add much equipment, we went to 10% of the equipment, but we went to 17% of the revenue or 16% or 17%. Our ratio before Encore was 1.6. And I think that was by far the best in the market with our 500 tables now. Interestingly enough, we would have been very happy if we dropped down to 1.5. In fact, we went to 1.62. So not only do we add more equipment, but it increased our fair share ratio slightly. And that meant that our tables and our facility were well received. And that's, of course, gratifying for us. We're on the way to having the biggest year in the history of this company or any other company that I've been involved in, in my 42 years.  So we're very happy. We had a board meeting a few minutes ago in this company. And after months of work, I was very proud to show the board of directors the Cotai project, which is now assembled. We now know what it's going to look like, what its components will be, where its romance and excitement will come from and how it will attempt, and I think very successfully attempt, to gain the upper hand competitively in a very competitive market, which is Cotai and Macau.  So all of that, were underway now. We're finishing the back of the house, and we'll be starting the drawings for the foundation now almost in a matter of weeks. So we're a little ahead of schedule in where we thought we would be in Cotai. The design development period went much faster than it's gone in my career in the past, when we did all those other hotels, like Golden Nugget, Golden Nugget of Atlantic City, Beau Rivage, Treasure island, Mirage, Bellagio, Wynn, Encore in Las Vegas, Wynn in Macau and Encore in Macau.  This was the best job, and it went the quickest, so -- and you can count up all those properties. But maybe the combined experience that our -- all of our design team has spent together all that time. And this time, interestingly enough, we used a different approach. We included in the design process the key operating executives in the casino and other departments, not just consulting them but having them at the table making the very meticulous A/B decisions. Designing one of these hotels, these massive places, is a whole myriad endless chain of A/B, yes/no decisions. And without them, it wouldn't be possible to get where we got as quickly as we did. And it was a very satisfying process. So we're excited about our new project. And we're all deeply involved with the next stage of getting it ready for groundbreaking.  Those are my observations in general about what's happened in the last 90 days. We hope for continued improvement in Las Vegas. Or let me put it differently. We hope that we'll get smarter in Las Vegas in dealing with the peculiarities of this market and this very, very mercurial national economic economy that we're living with. The national economy and the political environment in the country as we head up to the elections is very, very touchy. And it is impacting all businesses.  Today, we got a report at a -- various of our board committees meetings about the impact of the bill, the Financial Reform Bill that the President signed, with its hundreds of new committees and regulations to be formed, bodies and government bureaucrats to be created who will then tell us what we should be doing or what standards we have to live up to, both at the SEC and in other bureaus that have been created by this Financial Reform Act that the President was so enthused about. There isn't one single person in the United States of America that has a clue of where the Financial Reform Act will lead and what it really means. In spite of the fact that there are undoubtedly some good things in it, it has the potential of being a catastrophic interference with business, very much like the Healthcare Bill. So we're living through this along with the rest of America. And you can decide whether you want to be pessimistic or optimistic. You can decide whether the glass is half full or half empty. I'm at the point where I hope we just don't tip the glass over.  So let's take questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Shaun Kelley with the Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Shaun Kelley - BofA Merrill Lynch: I guess, Steve, my first question is really it's such a notable inflection, your comment about Las Vegas. So maybe you could give us a little bit more color on specifically what you're seeing. And are you seeing the ability to maybe actually begin to raise room rates at all in the market?
Stephen Wynn: Andrew Pascal is here, and that's exactly what he's doing. You want to talk about it, Andy?
Andrew Pascal: Sure. So I think we've been looking at every segment in the market, and we're finding some modest improvement, and we're able to actually start to improve our rates. We've become less dependent on the Leisure business and their Promotional segment. That's the segment where we're aggressively out there marketing and stimulating demand. And we're trading that business for a little stronger kind of Convention and Group business, which last year averaged somewhere around 12.5% of our mix. And it's trending closer to 17%, 18% now. So I don't know that this one data point is something that we can rely upon yet as a trend, but we're a little bit encouraged. And we hope that well continue to see some modest improvement through the balance of the year.
Stephen Wynn: Linda Chen is here from Macau. As I say, shes been working on the design of our new hotel. And Linda can talk to you about Asian business that we've experienced in Las Vegas and what she thinks that's all about.
Linda Chen: Well, I think Asian business has decreased, but probably sustained the best among all segments of our business. Same for, too, I mean, in Asia, in China and the cross-marketing that we experienced. And because of the new customers, we also be able to meet, because of the Macau, so we get the benefit of that in Las Vegas.
Stephen Wynn: We're getting referral business?
Andrew Pascal: Yes.
Linda Chen: And also the brand owning, besides just the referral. We're getting our name out in, not just in Macau, in all of China, all of Asia, that people want to come and see the Las Vegas property. And they have a long enough break.
Stephen Wynn: Well, those are the nightclubs, better room rate, sustaining interest in our casino by the Asians as helped us. We began -- this is more a third quarter than second, but we began the remodel of the 2,700 rooms that is Wynn Las Vegas because they're five years now since it opened. And thank goodness, the rooms were fully utilized, with high-90s occupancy. And it's time to remodel them. And consistent with our personality, we've upgraded them. And I think between the regular rooms, the suites and the villas, were going to spend $99 million between now and January and February -- Andy?
Andrew Pascal: April. April.
Stephen Wynn: April. We'll be done by April. And the way we do that, is we take out several floors at a time. And then each week, we release one floor back into service, completed, and we take another floor into service. And this slug of rooms that are under refurbishment moves up the building or down. You start at the bottom, John?
John Strzemp: You start at the top and move down.
Stephen Wynn: Start at the top and move down, yes. We're also remodeling the baccarat game starting in October. Itll be ready for Christmas, New Year's. And we're making our baccarat pit much sexier. And those are the...
John Strzemp: Lake of Dreams restaurant.
Stephen Wynn: Oh, and we've also -- creating a new restaurant experience at a place called the Lakeside Caf, which is on the Lake of Dreams, that heretofore has been known as Daniel Boulud, but we've decided on a concept that we think is very cool. And that restaurant will open up by October. And those are the capital expenditures that are underway. And the Wynn is going to be all spruced up, from the golf course all the way to the Strip, by the spring. And it was right. One of the things that's happening here as the market softened and many of these companies with very bad capital structures neglected their properties rather severely. And the properties are all showing the wear and tear. They're showing the lack of capital expenditures. And the public, of course, takes note of this immediately. There's no secrets. The minute the place is not clean or it's getting threadbare, it has a very bad effect on your clientele. We go in the opposite direction, take advantage of our capital structure and make sure that we're pretty and all fluffed up all the time. Yes...
Shaun Kelley - BofA Merrill Lynch: Obviously, Cotai is a huge, important project for the company. Any sense on just when you might be willing to -- or ready to share that design and development with the investment community?
Stephen Wynn: Good question. And I didn't expect to be able to say this, but I'm hoping that we will have a lot more to talk about at either the next quarterly meeting or the one after. I would say in the one after, we're going to have some pretty -- we're going to have numbers and maybe give out pictures or something. But we know what it's going to be now and how it works. We have some technical issues to resolve about back of the house and cab queuing and energy plants and stuff like that, that make the building work. But it turned out to be great. And it left us, after we're all done with our best shot, with a second site that we didn't think we were going to have on the property. That's my answer.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joe Gerff (sic) [Greff] with JPMorgan.
Joseph Greff - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Its Joe Greff from JPMorgan. Two questions, one is on Las Vegas, and it's great hearing you're raising room rates here. Are you seeing any improvement in spend per occupied room outside of room rates?
Stephen Wynn: I'm going to let Andrew answer that, but I want to point out that at the time when we decide to raise room rates and its happening successfully, within three weeks after making that decision, we also reduced the available inventory associated with this remodel, which gave us a perfect opportunity to do it. Because under normal circumstances, we're going to take 15% or 16% of the inventory out until we're done. And so that gave us some more leverage why we could lean on the rate. Andy, you can talk about the spend per room.
Andrew Pascal: And the short answer is no, no material change. I think we're just going to see just the benefit of a better mix. So we're displacing promotionally oriented or leisure and more kind of value-conscious customers with people that hopefully just spend a little bit more. So we're not seeing by segment an increase in spend per room night, but we're going to see some improvement just because of the shift in mix.
Stephen Wynn: With one caveat, Andy. I would have to say that we have a little trouble attributing all this extra money that falls in around here from the nightclubs with our rooms. And I think Andrew is hesitant about giving that a big break when it comes to revenue per occupied room night. But I think there probably is some relationship there.
Joseph Greff - JP Morgan Chase & Co: And Andrew, it sounds like from your comments that we should be taking out 400 rooms...
Andrew Pascal: Thats right.
Joseph Greff - JP Morgan Chase & Co: ...per period between now and April? Okay.
Andrew Pascal: That's correct. The standard rooms will be done in January, and then the suites are going to take a little bit longer, and they'll extend into April.
Stephen Wynn: We didn't start the suites yet.
Andrew Pascal: So come mid-January, you're right, you lose about 400 rooms through January. And then we'll start to phase back from there, but that's a safe number.
Joseph Greff - JP Morgan Chase & Co: And then on Cotai, Steve or Ian, maybe you can enlighten us, what exactly is the process, especially with respect to government approvals and maybe a timeline there? And then, Steve, your comment earlier about a second site on the property, so we should be thinking about Cotai as having a Phase 1 and then a Phase 2 component?
Stephen Wynn: Well, the process with the government is underway and long-standing. And communication is complete and perfect between us. And its just the grinding of procedure. And it won't interfere with our timing. We've got several months to go before we can break ground and -- on the foundation. And I'm anticipating support from the government, as we have in the past. As I said on a previous call, and I did say also when we opened Encore, because this question is asked of me repeatedly, freezes on games, freezes on casinos, how does that impact you? And I said, the way it works in Macau and The People's Republic of China, the government decides what's best for the country. And they use people and experts and companies of various description to get what they want. When they develop a program and a plan, they give complete support, and they give direction to the people that they use to execute the program. My company, and although it's mostly Chinese and has Chinese ownership, our company is such a company. We are agents of change to make Macau a more suitable place, in governmental terms. If we were not to do this project, we would be discouraged at the very outset, and you would know not to proceed. If you're encouraged to proceed, you're always given the support that youre needed to be successful. And we are being given that support. What was -- was there any other part of your question? I dont...
Joseph Greff - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Just your comment...
Stephen Wynn: Oh, the other site, the property site.
Joseph Greff - JP Morgan Chase & Co: ...on the property, Phase 1, Phase...
Stephen Wynn: When we finished design development, we found out that we had on the corner of our property, streets on both sides, 12 acres left over, that we could use...
Joseph Greff - JP Morgan Chase & Co: So is it still a 52-acre site or is it a 64-acre site?
Stephen Wynn: Its a 52 -- I dont know. Is it 52 or 54?
Ian Coughlan: 51.5.
Stephen Wynn: Yes, so there's 12 left over. Thank you, Ian. And its a very, very -- it's critically situated. It's right across the street from MGM, MGM's site. So it gives us a chance to expand and add other things that will make Macau more attractive. And we'll explore those now that were finished with our primary design.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Strawn with Morgan Stanley.
Mark Strawn - Morgan Stanley: Two really quick questions, one on Vegas and one on Macau. First, on Vegas, talking about the room mix, I was wondering if you could share any details on what the cash occupancy looks like in Vegas. Basically, your paid occupancy less any comps rooms to the casino and how that's been trending. And in Macau, wondering if you could just share any color what July trends have looked like.
Stephen Wynn: Andrew?
Andrew Pascal: Yes, so we don't break out kind of the composition of cash- versus comp-based business. I'll just generally tell you that our cash-based business is up year-over-year. And as far as the trends we're seeing in July, we see some further strengthening. So again, it's a modest improvement. But I think we've already spoken to it.
Stephen Wynn: Same thing true in China.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven Kent with Goldman Sachs.
Steven Kent - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: First, maybe Andrew, on -- if you could talk just a little bit of how you're looking into the end of this year and into 2011 on holding off on bookings or holding back some volume, given some of the pricing increases you're thinking, and sort of how you're handling filling rooms with maybe holding off a little bit and getting better pricing. And then, Steve, just on Cotai, could you just tell us a little bit more about who the target audience would be? Would it be more toward mass market, more towards a more affluent market? And then finally, just round numbers on the cost on Cotai.
Stephen Wynn: Not prepared to give cost numbers yet until I budget it and until the board of directors hears about it and thinks it's okay. And I don't want to get ahead of the people that run the board. As far as what the place is in terms of its market position, I was in China for half of June. And having worked on the hotel for quite some time, I thought it was time for me to check myself. And I got everybody that had anything to do with customers and the business in a big conference room and went around the room one person at a time and asked the very same question that you ask. Who are we? And what are we doing in Cotai? Where are we going? How are we going to present ourselves? Where do we fit in? What should the public expect? Because consistency and -- is very important to business, just as it is in life, so -- and I was really excited and very gratified that there are very diverse personalities in the group. And they were relaxed and comfortable enough to express themselves. And what was really fascinating was that to the man and woman that were in the room -- there were men and women. Every one of them, in their own way, said the same thing. Dance with the girl that you brought to the party, or dance with the guy that brought you, whatever that old anecdote is. We know who we are. We know what we do best. Stick to what we do best. Take advantage of Cotai, and do it better than anybody's ever done it, including us, in history. And that had been what Mr. DeRuyter Butler and I have been doing in our design development exercise to date. And when I went to the people that I work with there that really run the place, that was their advice as well. So that did it, and that ended the conversation. We are going beyond what we've been before in appealing to people of good taste and judgment. And we're going to just build the most amazing hotel that anybodys ever seen. And it will be -- it will accommodate a lot of people. It will have between 1,500 and 1,600 rooms. Each of the rooms caters to a different segment. But in each case, the rooms are bigger and more beautiful than any we've ever built. And that's saying a lot, if you see Encore in Macau or Encore in Wynn. But we've gone a notch up in every respect. And we also were able to take complete and total advantage of our experience. Even when we built Encore in Macau, I made the point that, that tower was built as a result of our experience in Macau and therefore was really pointed right where it should be pointed. And the results since it opened proved that. But we still had to live with our urban environment and the land that we had downtown on the avenue, 24 July. Or June, 24 June. I always get that wrong. And this time, we had a blank sheet of paper. We could do it from scratch, armed with the experience and the knowledge gained from that experience, and, oh, boy, was it fun. And the choices we were able to make and the kinds of things we could offer our customers are truly scrumptious. So we're very excited. But that's who were going to be. We're going to be Wynn Resorts, Cotai. Wynn Cotai. We're not going to look like Sheraton or a Hilton or a different company. We're going to look like us. And you know what to expect when I say that.
Andrew Pascal: I'm going to take the question on do we hold back inventory. I guess, first, I want to make sure that my tone hasn't been misinterpreted. Ive spoken to some modest improvement in Convention segment, but again, I don't want that to be misinterpreted as our being overly optimistic. So to answer your question directly, we don't hold back inventory. We look at the pace of demand by segment, and then we price our hotel in order to capitalize on what we thinks the opportunity. If the demands not there, then we tend to reduce the price and try and stimulate some demand. And if it is, well then, were able to yield it up. But as far as just generally holding back inventory, that's not our practice.
Steven Kent - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: And is it still -- are you booking, essentially, in the quarter for the quarter or in...
Andrew Pascal: Yes.
Steven Kent - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Or the third quarter for the third or...
Andrew Pascal: Yes.
Steven Kent - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: ...fourth quarter? Is it still pretty short-term?
Andrew Pascal: No, no, we're booking through, looking out anywhere from six to eight quarters, so -- and there's a long tail on that. But we've had good healthy bookings in the year, for the year, not what we would have liked to have seen coming into the year, but in the Convention segment, particularly, we're seeing some strengthening going into next year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bill Lerner with Union Gaming Group.
William Lerner - Deutsche Bank Securities: Question for Steve, and then Andy, just a follow-up or a quick second follow-up. The first one is, Steve, you, of course, talked about the beginning of the room remodel in Vegas. What about the new rooms or the design of the new rooms in Vegas do you think will encourage folks to pay more per night, besides you charging them more, ultimately?
Stephen Wynn: Yes, its a good question, simple answer, Y-E-S.
William Lerner - Deutsche Bank Securities: Yes, meaning...
Stephen Wynn: Well, theyll like it more, theyll pay more.
William Lerner - Deutsche Bank Securities: And thats a -- theres nothing structurally changing about the rooms, its just...
Stephen Wynn: No, no. It's reragging, reaccessorizing.
William Lerner - Deutsche Bank Securities: And then the follow-up, Andy. What's going on during the -- or after, I suppose, the Beach Club day parts? I know it's not the same demo that necessarily youre used to outside of the -- Victors places, but what's going on in other elements of your property and Food and Beverage and Retail and so forth? Is there anything -- is there any lift there as a result? I know in a vacuum, those phases are doing extremely well, anyway, but...
Stephen Wynn: Well, I want to correct you. When you say Victors place, you're talking about our colleague Victor Drai.
Steven Kent - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Yes.
Stephen Wynn: Please remember that unlike our neighbors on both sides of the street, we don't lease anything. The excess belongs to Wynn Las Vegas. Those are in-house clubs. We make arrangements for incentive compensation for management. But those clubs are owned by us. And the revenue belongs to us, and the bottom line belongs to us. And then we take a valued colleague like Victor Drai and give him a percentage of the profits. But those are our clubs. Those are our employees. That's our inventory. Those are our internal accounting people, and our cashiers. So I want to make that very clear. There are no leased clubs in this company.
William Lerner - Deutsche Bank Securities: I know that intimately.
Stephen Wynn: Oh, okay. I didnt want anyone to think that we rented out anything. The State of Nevada has had a fussy position about accountability. And I just want to keep us on the right side of that line.
Andrew Pascal: As far as the ancillary benefit, were seeing some lift in Food and Beverage, and were going to try and capitalize on that further. That's in part why we're reinventing and created the Lakeside Grill. Were also doing another outlet, Le Cave, in partnership with Michael Morton, which is going to be a great new addition, and I think it's going to appeal to -- both those outlets are going to that market that were now attracting.
Stephen Wynn: I forgot to mention that.
Andrew Pascal: Yes, so again, were seeing good, solid lift in the Food and Beverage outlets over at Encore, and I think with the...
Stephen Wynn: Theres two new ones now. I forgot, the Le Cave and the Lakeside Grill. I left one out. When does Le Cave open, Andrew?
Andrew Pascal: Early November.
William Lerner - Deutsche Bank Securities: The last one here, and maybe this is for Andy. What are you seeing -- are you seeing anything reflective of the euro weakness? By that, I mean the currency now? I know, of course, those trips -- Europeans book trips further out than folks from regional places around the U.S., of course, and I would think that strength in the euro over time takes some time to play out. What are you seeing, if anything, Andy?
Andrew Pascal: We're not seeing anything. It's not materially affecting our business in any way.
Stephen Wynn: There was a period when the euro was really up there around $1.58. There were some guys from Europe that were coming over here and thought they were playing with pesos. They were playing with dollars. And I cant say that we didn't get a little lift from that. Some of the Europeans really liked the cheap dollar when it came to gambling, because they were paying off at -- they thought $0.67 on the dollar. Now that wame [ph] (0:43:10) has tamed [ph] (0:43:12), I don't know that it will hurt us or anything. But we had a lot of customers from the United Kingdom, so we get the pound sterling as an item, now and then.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Woronka with Deutsche Bank.
Chris Woronka - Deutsche Bank AG: Could we maybe get a little bit of color just on the directional ramp-up of Encore Macau throughout quarter, kind of both on the revenue and in expense side, and if you ended the quarter on any kind of imbalance in terms of revenues not being where you think they can get to, but expenses being a little bit elevated just with pre-opening and things like that?
Stephen Wynn: Anybody got anything to say about that?
Company Speaker: Well, we were carrying most of the expenses going into the quarter, so our expenses weren't affected at all, and were meeting all of our projections.
Stephen Wynn: Yes, we had everybody on payroll in the first quarter, so it was just a nice fat pickup going on forward.
Andrew Pascal: And if you look at the win per table in Encore, it actually outpaced Wynn Macau, so there wasn't a dilution in the revenue because Encore opened. It actually -- it was ramping up quite nicely.
Company Speaker: And were getting longer plays.
Stephen Wynn: Yes, we did a thing on the corner there by Arc and MGM. And we call it the Diamond Club. But it's really like Las Vegas, a high-end pit. It's not non-redeemable chips. Its not a junket room. It's two dozen games, and a -- oh, a hundred slot machines, I guess. And we put a little noodle kitchen in there and a little high-limit slot alcove in there. It was sort of a mini-boutique casino. Well, we opened the damn thing one evening at 6:30, and within two weeks the players made us raise the limits. And remember I talked about our fair share going up? It all came from that room. They really loved it, and its like a Las Vegas high-end pit. And I think were dealing HKD $500 to HKD $1,000.
Company Speaker: Yes, a minimum of HKD $500. The average bets, what HKD $2500 limit?
Company Speaker: About that.
Stephen Wynn: So we got an average bet thats $600, $700. But we got a minimum bet of over $50. That's a pretty good table limit, even in -- anywhere for a non-junket room.
Company Speaker: And the rate of play has gone from 61 minutes per player to 88.
Stephen Wynn: Yes, Mark Schorr is always into this, but our length of play went from 61 minutes to 88 minutes in that casino. Little things like that sound sort of petite, but when you can go from 61 to 88 minutes on length of play, all kinds of good things happen. Whole percentage gets more powerful. A lot of things happen. People stand at the table longer, that means theyre more apt to be eating in your restaurants or shopping in your stores. That means that somethings happened to make them like the place. Either it's an interaction with -- its the environment, the lighting, the colors, the mood, the music, the interaction with some wonderful employee. This is the nitty-gritty of the gambling business. Something happens, and one of the places where it's reflected, if youve got your act together, is in the length of play. People don't stay at the table if they're not happy. And once they're happy in a place, then there's a tremendous amount of ancillary fall-off from it. So that's what Encore gave us. And it's all a result of having learned lessons and profiting from your experience.
Matt Maddox: And one thing that I follow is the fair share that Steve talked about of 1.6x. But if you look at our EBITDA share or our net income share, so how profitable is the business coming in the building? Wynn Macau generates 25% of the EBITDA in the market and 40% of the net income. So each one of our table generates 4x the profit of -- relative to each spheres [ph] (0:47:26). So we're not buying the business. It's quite profitable business thats coming in.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Katz with Jefferies & Company.
David Katz - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: While I have pretty much the whole team there, as we progress through the rest of this year in Macau, I'm getting a sense for what the dynamics are in that market and how the carry-through will be from the strong growth we've seen so far this year and started last year. Whatever thoughts you can share with us about what you may be looking at or what trends you may be looking to get a sense for how the rest of this year is going to roll. A top line perspective would be really helpful.
Matt Maddox: The one thing that we don't have in Macau are forward-booking trends like we do here in Las Vegas. So to sit here and predict how future gaming revenues are going to be six months from now is actually quite difficult. It gets very tied to the macro situation in Asia. All of the things that I track appear to be holding up quite well. It looks like a lot of the macro issues have come in for a soft landing, people were worried about. So for what it's worth, to me, it appears to be very stable. I dont know, Linda, do you have any comments?
Linda Chen: However you look at quarter-to-quarter...
Stephen Wynn: Were coming against strong numbers.
Linda Chen: Youre comparing to a strong quarter last year, so...
Matt Maddox: Oh, the comps get tougher...
Linda Chen: Right.
Matt Maddox: ...in the back half of the year. So the question is, sequentially things continue -- they appear to be stable.
Stephen Wynn: Hey, Matt, a minute ago, you made a statement about our share of the revenue and our profitability.
Matt Maddox: Yes.
Stephen Wynn: Repeat it, will you?
Matt Maddox: So we generate about 15% to 16% of the revenue in the Macau market on 8% of the product, 8% to 9%. But more importantly, we generate 25% of the EBITDA and 40% of the net income. So the one thing you'll find about Wynn is from our EBITDA to our free cash flow, we capture between 50% and 75% of the EBITDA for our shareholders, going to the equity.
Stephen Wynn: Now there was one of our neighbors, who's got a great ambition and doing a big job is Sands. They released earnings yesterday, and they had a $300 million number in for three or four places in Macau, three places. And we had $215 million or $216 million. EBITDA has as much meaning as snow on top of Mount Everest. It's a worthless number, because you've got to pay interest, you got to pay taxes, and depreciations as real as the payroll. I just got through telling you what it cost to change the rooms and keep them fresh. So you ask yourself, what really is going on? So you subtract the cost of ferry boats, subtract the interest payment on the first quarter of both companies, subtract the...
Company Speaker: Depreciation.
Stephen Wynn: Whatever the depreciation is that both companies use. And just make it equal, whether its on a forty-year schedule or a ten-year schedule. Makes no difference to me. And you'll get to the fact that the money left over afterwards is greater with the smaller company, in terms of Macau. Bigger aint better. Better is better. Because when you borrow all that money, you got to pay it back. And when you build all of those facilities, you got to depreciate them and take care of them. So you better damn well make sure that they carry their weight. Now I'm a big fan of the development in Cotai and the things that my competitors have done. And they're making the future bright for Macau, and I'm proud to be part of it and proud to be their neighbor. But when you're analyzing what's going on, don't get confused. So we're a younger company than the Sands and MGM. And we are a little bit more, oh, steady, or a little slower. And it's the old hare and the turtle story. We're a little bit more like a turtle than a hare. But at the end of the day, we're going to build Macau, and it's going to be the Cotai project. And it's going to be a big increment to the wealth of our company. And we'll go somewhere else at that same time. And when you take the four- or eight-year difference in age between us and the Sands or the 20-year difference between us, 16-year difference between us and MGM, we'll catch all those guys. We'll catch all those guys. But we'll do it in a very steady, processional way. And each of our propertiesll have the kind of characteristics we're describing now. And we wouldnt do as well if it wasn't for them. Don't misunderstand. I'm not deprecating them. But I am pointing out that were a different kind of company. And were going to stay that way. And maybe we don't move quite as fast as the other guys, but we don't borrow money quite as flagrantly. We don't take on projects that we can't really control down to really fine point. And maybe that disadvantages us competitively on occasion. And I'm willing to accept that myself in exchange for having security for my employees, predictability for my investors. Im willing to make that exchange. I'm willing to take longer to get where I want to go. And where I want to go is where we dominate the gaming industry in terms of quality and performance.
David Katz - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: And if I may say, you set up my follow-up question quite well, because when we look at your balance sheet, which obviously compares very favorably, beyond the Cotai project, which lies ahead, what other financial strategies, and maybe this is something more for Matt. Can you talk about where would you like your ultimate aggregate leverage to wind up? Where are you most comfortable? And what other uses for your capital do you have?
Stephen Wynn: I'm not sure that, that's a strategy that is appropriate today. We're in a competitive environment. You know the shape we're in. We can go wherever we want and do whatever we want. That's clear enough. And I think we'll leave it at that for the moment. It is -- I think it's enough information. I'm sorry, I don't mean to make it tough on you, but I'm going to stop right there and take another question.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dennis Forst with KeyBanc.
Dennis Forst - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.: Andrew, I wanted to ask about the cost of the room remodel. I must have missed it when Steve gave it. How much is that going to run?
Andrew Pascal: $99 million.
Dennis Forst - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.: $99 million?
Stephen Wynn: It's $45 million for the typical rooms, $46 million for the suites and for the villas another $10 million. Thats about...
Dennis Forst - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.: Great. That adds up. And then secondly...
Stephen Wynn: And then add a little something for baccarat, and that's all we're doing.
Dennis Forst - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.: And then Steve, given your perspective on Macau, which is probably clearer than anybody's, and the Cotai strip, when you build on the Cotai strip, you're going to have a great location. Who else new is going to be there? Clearly Sheldons going to open sites five and six...
Stephen Wynn: I hope. I hope they -- I hope so. We're counting on that.
Dennis Forst - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.: Do you think there's a possibility they wont open them?
Stephen Wynn: No, no, I'm just saying, I -- it depends on timing. No, no, hes got two of...
Dennis Forst - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.: Okay, do you think anybody else will open out there before you do?
Stephen Wynn: Well, no. The Studio City is a hodgepodge of lawsuits and confusion and was since its inception. So maybe the biggest break they get is if they don't start, in that case. Stanley Ho has property. And MGM and Pansy Ho have property there. Pansy and -- the MGM and Pansy Ho combination is right across the street from us, adjacent to City of Dreams, in particular the Hyatt corner of City of Dreams that faces us. And then Stanley has property out there, doesn't he, Linda?
Linda Chen: Yes, the Galaxy.
Company Speaker: Galaxy is opening in March.
Stephen Wynn: The Galaxy is opening in March, but they'll be right away. And then that'll be it at Galaxy, wont it? I mean...
Linda Chen: Yes.
Stephen Wynn: Theyve used their property.
Linda Chen: Right.
Stephen Wynn: So I think it's Stanley Ho and SJM, that company, and then the Pansy Ho -- Does Pansy and MGM have a name? Do they operate under a name?
Linda Chen: MGM.
Stephen Wynn: MGM? Oh, they use that name? Okay, so MGM -- it's MGM and SJM. Those two companies and again, whatever Studio City is. It's hard to tell.
Dennis Forst - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.: So -- but they're likely to be behind you in opening?
Stephen Wynn: Absolutely.
Dennis Forst - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.: And will there be competition...
Stephen Wynn: Excuse me. Excuse me. They'll be behind us. But this is important. If they get their act together and they start while we're building, they still won't know what's inside our building. So they're going to have to build it without the advantage of an education on Wynn Cotai.
Dennis Forst - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.: Right. And that would probably, between the properties that are already under construction, yours, that probably doubles, maybe more than doubles the capacity on the Cotai Strip. You're going to probably lead the market like you do on the Peninsula. Do you worry that there'll be enough business for everybody there or that there could be fallout?
Stephen Wynn: Because we studied that. We studied that. We're going to have 500 tables. We're not going to be any bigger than we are in the Peninsula in terms of gaming. We're smaller, not bigger, in terms of the other places. I mean, I don't know how many tables they have at Venetian. It's enormous, the slot machines.
Linda Chen: Oh, its 3x us.
Stephen Wynn: 3x us. I mean, the overlay on equipment is staggering. We -- again, bigger ain't bigger. Better is better. But we won't have that kind of casino size. We know what size our casino has to be to get all the money. And were going to -- and I'm telling you what it is. It's 500 tables and 1,300 slot machines, more or less, give or take a handful. Thats where well be. That includes all the private rooms and the junket rooms and everything. So I don't know what SJM would do or MGM. I think MGMs learning a lesson. To build an unlimited amount of general casino tables is a misguided notion. It doesn't add up at the moment, even though the margins better in the general casino, there's a limit to how many tables you can spread. As far as the growth of the market, even slowing that growth down to half as much as what it is now, we believe that the market will be ready for the capacity that Cotai represents. Sheldon Adelson and his colleagues have made that point. And I think they're quite correct.
Dennis Forst - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.: If I could ask one quick question of Andrew. I've noticed the hold percentage on slots in Vegas going up pretty dramatically. Is that intentional? Or are you changing the mix of the machines?
Stephen Wynn: When did you notice that?
Dennis Forst - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.: About the fourth quarter of '09.
Andrew Pascal: Yes, I mean, some of it is -- yes. We're changing the mix on our floor. And we've increased the complement of participation product, which as you know, carries a higher hold percentage. And some of it is also the composition of play shifting down in denomination, which also carries a higher hold percentage.
Stephen Wynn: Youve been paying attention.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robin Farley with UBS.
Robin Farley - UBS Investment Bank: Yes, I got a question on Vegas and one on Macau. In Vegas, I wonder if you could give us a little color on -- your table drop was down slightly after being up nicely in Q1. And we've seen a little bit of others in the market, that Drai [ph] (1:00:02) talking about table drop being up as well. And so if you can reconcile sort of what's going on with your table drops. And you mentioned that expenses were up because of higher customer acquisition costs. And just were those acquisition costs things that would have borne fruit in Q2? Or were they for future quarters?
Stephen Wynn: Robin, the reason the table drop is off is because there's so many more tables around here, even though they're not doing a very good job for their owners. And secondly, the reason our customer acquisition cost is up is that when companies, namely, our competitors, get desperate, theres two things happen. They stop taking care of the building, and they increase their promotional allowances, to no avail, I might add. It's a one-way street to oblivion. But that's the natural knee-jerk reaction when they get desperate. They don't take care of their building, and they grasp for customers. And then it has an effect in the marketplace, and it takes everybody down. The person who starts this kind of stuff doesn't do themselves a bit of good. It takes awhile before they wake up to it, and then they get new executives or something. It's been the oldest story in the history of Las Vegas. We go through this cycle all the time with inexperienced help and unsophisticated management. They spend too much. They over-comp. They do all this stuff. This is as old as Methuselah around here. Maybe I'm getting old. I've been doing this for 42 years. But Ive seen this about 11 times. And then there's a new group of young, inexperienced managers. Again, they fire the other guys, and the people, okay, well, we cant do this anymore. Stop -- we cant comp people that don't play that much. We cant afford this. Theres no margin in this business. They got Blackjack at some of these hotels down to where the game isnt worth it, the space it takes up on the floor. But what the hell? They got the tables. They got the dealers. They want to protect the jobs. They go and give the joint away. If their rooms are empty, they figure they've got nothing to lose, even if theyre new rooms.
Robin Farley - UBS Investment Bank: It sounds like that's continuing into the second half here, that situation?
Stephen Wynn: Pardon me, maam?
Robin Farley - UBS Investment Bank: In other words, the competitive situation that you saw in Q2, it sounds like it's continuing here into the second half of the year in terms of customer acquisition costs and table drop being down.
Stephen Wynn: Andrew?
Andrew Pascal: Yes.
Stephen Wynn: Yes. Yes, Robin.
Andrew Pascal: Absolutely.
Stephen Wynn: In a word, yes. But we've got these nightclubs, and there, we're able to get an advantage because it's the management of atmosphere. And so there, knowledge and experience really matter. A Blackjack games a Blackjack game. Unfortunately, a slot machines a slot machine. They're all a commodity. When we get into the areas where there's a difference that matters, like the way we treat people, how beautiful the places are, the management of environment, then the competition can't run with us, and we're safer. And that's where Linda's customers come in. They're brand-oriented. Theyre very conscious of the little things, the quality of their experience, how clean the place is and how they're cared for. Nightclubs, believe it or not, in a strange way, it's a similar kind of thing. So those are the two segments where we hold our own.
Robin Farley - UBS Investment Bank: And then my -- a question on Cotai. I was interested in your comment about the second site, the 12 acres you have left over after the design. Is that something that you would design and develop sort of concurrently? Or is that something you're saying kind of several years from now you would do design work for?
Stephen Wynn: I just -- since we just finished this phase, and there's the piece staring us in the face, and we're delighted with it. We haven't gone any further in our thinking.
Robin Farley - UBS Investment Bank: So would it be just -- to understand what you're saying, call it a site, would it be an expansion? Or would it just be a -- just a kind of a feature or an amenity on the existing property?
Stephen Wynn: I dont know.
Robin Farley - UBS Investment Bank: Do you have any comments?
Stephen Wynn: I don't know, Robin. I'm saying we just finished the design, and it turns out that it was on 40 acres, 39 acres, not 52. So we had this lovely site left that we can use to augment the whole Cotai profile with something that will make Macau a better place and make money for us, too. So we have to think about that. The site didn't get created till we finish putting in the hotel that we're going to build. So I can't answer your question because it's too soon. We done?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Shore (sic) [LaFleur] with Hudson Securities.
Robert LaFleur - Hudson Securities Inc.: Its actually Bob LaFleur. Just one quick question. I noticed that your slot performance was very strong in Macau, up 21%. And Las Vegas Sands also had very strong slot performance in Macau. Theres nothing really to talk about much. Its a small part of the business, but I was wondering if this tells us anything about the evolution of the Macau market and where the slot business in that market can go, going forward.
Stephen Wynn: Ian, yes, Ian, youre there.
Ian Coughlan: Yes.
Stephen Wynn: What do you say about that? The slots are picking up. Sands had strong slots. We had strong slot performance. What do you think about that?
Ian Coughlan: Theres definitely big growth in the slot market, and I think all operators have been very pleasantly surprised over the last 36 months at how slots have taken off. Weve managed to grow our business very well at all levels of slots. We have a very, very highly productive high-limit slot market, where we give very personal attention to our customers. We watch it very carefully. And the advent of Encore for us has allowed us to take that to another level. So it's not a small part of our business. It's quite a big part of our mass-market business, and we watch it very carefully. It's been very rich and rewarding for us. And we believe there's still great potential for growth there.
Stephen Wynn: There you are sir, from Hudson Securities. Have we exhausted the curiosity for everybody, including our competitors that are on the call? If I said anything that upset anybody, I apologize. We love you all and enjoy talking to you. And you can all rationalize our results as best you see fit. And I will say thank you to everybody. Talk to you in 90 days.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q1  (2010-04-30 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Steve Wynn - Chairman & CEO Marc Schorr - COO Matt Maddox - CFO & Treasurer Andrew Pascal - President of Wynn Las Vegas Linda Chen - President, Wynn International Marketing, Ltd
Analysts: Joe Greff - JPMorgan Mark Strawn - Morgan Stanley Cameron McKnight - Buckingham Tom Marsico - Marsico Capital Management Steven Wieczynski - Stifel Nicolaus Robin Farley - UBS Larry Klatzkin - Chapdelaine Janet Brashear - Sanford C. Bernstein
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Wynn Resorts First Quarter 2010 Earnings Call. Joining the call on behalf of the Company today are Steve Wynn; Marc Schorr; John Strzemp; Matt Maddox; Andrew Pascal, President of Wynn Las Vegas; Scott Peterson, CFO of Wynn Las Vegas; and on the phone Ian Coughlan, President of Wynn Macau; and Robert Gansmo, CFO of Wynn Macau. After the speakers remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions). Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Maddox. Please go ahead, sir.
Matt Maddox:  Thank you very much. Good afternoon, everyone, and good morning to people in Asia. I just need to remind everybody that in this conference call some of the things well say are forward-looking statements and they are protected under the Safe Harbor federal securities laws. With that, Im going to go ahead and turn the call over to Steve Wynn for opening remarks.
Stephen Wynn:  Thanks, Matt. The numbers I think speak for themselves. Really very little to add to that, except that the first quarter numbers that we released today do not include any contribution from Wynn Encore in Macau, and which opened a week ago today, and we are looking forward to it contributing to the overall impact of our operation in Macau. Im also pleased to announce that we have instituted, announced previously, we have instituted our first quarter dividend of $0.25 a quarter, which will be payable to stockholders of record on May 12th and paid down on May 26th. With that, Ill take questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question is from the line of Joe Greff, JPMorgan.
Joe Greff - JPMorgan:  Steve, I was hoping you can give us an update on your thoughts on Cotai in terms of how youre thinking about positioning that. I know you just opened up Encore a week ago. But, I guess, where are you on that from a timing perspective, and just a positioning perspective? And then if could further give us updated trends in Las Vegas, are you seeing any signs of improvement from a room rate perspective? I know, youve referenced in the press release that the slot revenues were also impacted from new capacity, are you seeing any trend change here in the second quarter? Thank you.
Stephen Wynn:  Andrew, you want to answer that question?
Andrew Pascal:  Sure. I will take the two questions. The first one about rate in Las Vegas; no, were not seeing any real improvement in rate going forward. Its fairly stable. Our feeling is that with the growth in capacity that we absorbed in the early part of the first quarter that thats impacted rates citywide certainly for us, and we dont see that really changing through the summer. The second question related to the slot handle and we talked about how the comp was a bit tough because we were going up against the opening of Encore, where we had a tremendous amount of novelty and local traffic that came through the building and so we benefited from that, and then we have since and are nearly complete, nearly done with constructing our new Beach Club which basically closed down the whole front of Encore, which has impacted what walk-in traffic we were able to generate off of the strip.
Stephen Wynn:  And that comes to an end in four weeks. The new Beach Club, all of the extensive new construction and improvements on the strip at Encore are completed in the last week in May and we open up with bang on May 28th with the Encore Beach Club, with the new nightclub Surrender, and the revised Cafe Society and the Switch quite a bit, and the new entrance plaza, quite a bit of upgrade on the north end of the strip, on the north end of our property that I believe is going to have a significant effect on walk-in. The last part of the question that Im going to answer is Cotai. The table caps expire in 2013. We believe that Macau Encore is the loveliest urban hotel in the world. And for people who think that thats an exaggeration, then its very simple to make your own comparisons on pretty much any standard that you like. But it is an urban hotel, much in the same way that the Waldorf Astoria or the Ritz in Paris or the Peninsula in Hong Kong are urban hotels. The hotels that are built on Cotai are pretty much urban as well, because theyre built right up to the curb, theyre mostly steel and concrete. What I believe is missing from Cotai is a legitimate destination resort that has the one thing in China that is so scarce, and that is space. So I want to build a hotel in Cotai and I have designed one that makes use in our 51 acre parcel of extended space of water and gardens, no matter where you are in the building. And that creates an emotional involvement by the guest at a level that cannot be achieved in a city. It just cannot. That issue of extended space, of natural light, of water and planting has an effect on human beings that is sort of hard to explain unless youre in the space itself. But thats the difference between a lovely hotel and a destination resort. So, were going to build on Cotai, if were encouraged to do so, and I believe we will be encouraged to do so at least at this point I believe that. We will build a destination resort, and that will complement the other things that weve built in Macau up till now. But that wouldnt open until 2014.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Mark Strawn with Morgan Stanley.
Mark Strawn - Morgan Stanley:  In Macau, it seems in the first quarter, it was the strongest margin quarter overall in the history of the property. Is there something thats driving that? Was there a higher mix of direct play or is there something else at play there?
Matt Maddox:  We did have a higher mix of direct play in the first quarter, and also our non-gaming revenues were up significantly, almost 45%, and we have high margins in particular in retail in that area.
Stephen Wynn:  But our whole percentage was dead normal.
Matt Maddox:  Dead normal, thats right.
Mark Strawn - Morgan Stanley:  2.7% for the VIP area overall?
Matt Maddox:  Yeah, but its usually 2.85.
Stephen Wynn:  As a matter of fact spending was a little low, 2.85 would be normal.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Cameron McKnight with Buckingham.
Cameron McKnight - Buckingham:  Just wondering if you could comment on what happened with controllable costs in Macau during the quarter?
Matt Maddox:  If you look at it, its very similar to the fourth quarter sequentially. I think its a little over $1 million a day run rate versus 990 or so in the fourth quarter. So the team in Macau has done a very good job keeping the operating expenses in line sequentially with where
Stephen Wynn:  I think the answer to your question is nothing.
Cameron McKnight - Buckingham:  And then secondly, Steve, youve got a lot of cash. Youve extended out a lot of your maturities. What are you thinking about capital allocation here?
Stephen Wynn:  We dont think that economic disruption is behind us. We think the deficits have potential for enormous negative impact in the United States. So we are playing it safe like we always do in this company.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Tom Marsico with Marsico Capital Management.
Tom Marsico - Marsico Capital Management:  I was just wondering how you thought about the very high growth rates that youre seeing in Macau? Why youre seeing growth rates as high as they are, the sustainability of those growth rates and just more of your philosophy as how youre seeing that market play out?
Stephen Wynn:  Well, its great to have a question from a real live major shareholder like Marsico Capital. Its not very often that the buy-side guys speak up on these conference calls. Tom, the inherent strength of the market in China has been the subject of great discussion and it has been explained and I know that youre one of the people that has spent a great deal of time with all of your investments in Marsico Capital and understanding the depth of that market. And the pent-up demand that exists there among the 300 million Chinese who are experiencing upper middle class and beyond wealth in that country, that is not to minimize the fact that China faces great challenges for almost 1 billion people or maybe over 1 billion people who have yet to experience such prosperity. But we have to keep in mind that this explosive growth in China and the desire for a consumer experience, and incidentally to a great extent it is encouraged by the government, which is trying to enhance the consumer economy in China. So it is not considered improper to want to aspire to the good life. And to Chinese people, part of the good life is going to Macau and partaking of all of the excitement and activities that take place there. Not just gambling, but shopping and fine service and dining and branding is very important to those people. So weve learned that over the years here in Las Vegas. When we opened Mirage, we got all that business away from Caesars because we were the newest greatest thing. When we opened Bellagio, the Chinese business immediately switched to Bellagio. When we opened Wynn we had big-time Asian baccarat business because we were the newest and fanciest thing. The Asian market is very, very aware of the top brands, and thats why were so meticulous in making sure that we meet that demand. For example, it is non-productive for us to appeal to the low-end market in China, because the government does not encourage the low-end of China to go to Macau. They dont mind if people who can afford it go and gamble but theyre sensitive to people who cant afford it going across the border to Macau. Thats why they pulled back on the visas. But for those people in Hong Kong and South China from [Dagen] Shanghai who can afford the good life, theres no stigma attached to that in China. And there are so many of them. The market is so deep and rich and successful people who are in search of the good life that Macau is a natural place and Hong Kong and Macau are natural markets to absorb some of that energy. And we are experiencing it along with the other operators in Macau. Weve maintained our niche in that market because we protected our brand. Encore was more of the same. And coupled with that, we stay on the good side of the government by attending very carefully to a proper Chinese protocol, which is to be humble as a guest of that community, to be grateful for being allowed to be there, and to show our appreciation in every way possible for that privilege including going public on the Hong Kong exchange to increase our Chinese ownership of our company. Those things have all conspired to produce a result along with the natural flow of people across the borders that have affected all the operators to protect our market share and allow it to grow. And in respect to that Tom, theres one final point I would make, one young analyst several months ago said, Mr. Wynn, as these hotels have opened, your market shares has gone from 17% to 14% or 15% or 13%. And I said, well naturally, when thousands upon thousands of tables are added to the market, our market share would drop in terms of gross revenue. But when youre analyzing and evaluating a gaming company; whether its in the United States or in Asia, the right number is not market share in terms of gross dollars, its what percentage of revenue per table you have over the ratio of 1 to 1 that you would have if your revenue equaled the same percentage as the amount of tables you have, or to simplify that if you had 10 hotels each with a 100 tables, they would each do exactly the same amount of revenue than the percentage of tables and the percentage of revenues would be equal. That would be total parity. The ratio of revenue to equipment would be 1 to 1. If the ratio of revenue to equipment is greater than 1 to 1, then you operated a more efficient and more positive way than your neighbors. And as more hotels have opened in Macau, our ratio has grown, not shrunken. And thats the number, thats the number, the win per table compared to the percentage of tables, the percentage of revenue you have compared to the percentage of tables you have, and in that respect, our market position has improved, not slackened. Those are the things Tom that come to my mind as I think of this subject. Matt, do you have anything to add to that?
Matt Maddox:  No, I think thats exactly what I see.
Stephen Wynn:  Okay, Marc.
Marc Schorr:  Exactly correct, Steve.
Tom Marsico - Marsico Capital Management:  Hey, Steve, I just had one more question. When a lot of the construction was going on and there was concern about the availability of apartments and other housing facilities for the workers on Macau, that there seem to become a crisis because inflation got pretty extended in Macau. So with your plans with Cotai, has the government coordinated that so were not going to see another construction boom occurring concurrently over there?
Stephen Wynn:  Well, your observation is very insightful. At the time although everybody had good jobs in Macau, their living standard was not going up proportionally, because rents for their homes had increased disproportionately more rapidly than their income and it caused me 1.5 year or so ago to give my line employees a 10% cost of living increase in their wages. So that the wonderful people that work for me wouldnt have lesser of a life. That was at a time when some of my competitors were cutting back from 48 to 40 weeks, and cutting out the 13th month in order to save money. We kept the 48 hours, we kept the 13th month because it was more important to us to have a satisfied and stable workforce than it was to have an extra $23 million or $24 million. And as we go forward in Cotai, we work very closely with the government, which is very interested in low-cost housing to cooperate with them in any way that we can. I know that the government has plenty of money to deal with this problem in Macau and I know that it is on the front of the focus of Secretary Tam, and Chief Executive Officer Choi as well. So I think that the government has land for this on Coloane, and I believe that theyre going to take advantage of it. And we as you know participate in infrastructure contributions and other types of voluntary contributions for 4% of our revenue every month. And that number is quite substantial if you take the Casino Wynn and calculate it yourself, youll see that a lot of money besides the gaming tax itself, which is really an income tax, is in play. So, I think that you will see activity in that, and will it tie up construction. Theres a lot of capacity in South China for construction, Tom. And I think that any projects that will come on stream, remember the government is limiting the amount of construction and is limiting the licenses. Theyve created an oligarchic monopolistic kind of situation there, thank goodness to our benefit along with the other folks that are there now. And there is no plan to expand that so I think that construction is going to be done at a slower pace in the resort industry as a result of the government action. And so, the private sector, the public sector will pick up the activity.
Tom Marsico - Marsico Capital Management:  Thank you. I just want to make just a comment if I could, Id just like to congratulate you and the management team in managing through the great recession. Its fairly extraordinary times to see the company rebound with these sort of results. And keeping your people in place I think is a testament to your team and your group. Thank you.
Stephen Wynn:  Thank you, Tom.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Steve Wieczynski with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Steven Wieczynski - Stifel, Nicolaus:  I wonder, if you could clarify a little bit, just leaving Philadelphia, what was the thought process behind that? Theres been a bunch of rumors out there in terms of where youve been spotted all over the country and what your plans are domestically versus internationally right now?
Stephen Wynn:  We shouldnt make too much of me being spotted as you put it around the country. My team and I were curious having never visited the regional casinos from America. We decided that it was quite appropriate for us to take three or four days and go look at what was being done in the hope so we might learn something. And in fact we did. We spotted a few casinos that were really beautifully done. One in particular was the River City Casino owned by Pinnacle Company in St. Louis, a beautiful job done by [Todd Lenahan] who is one of the designers that works for us. So, we saw some nice things and we were just curious, and our visit to these places was just as detached and objective as Ive just said it. You should read absolutely nothing into it. Being spotted doesnt mean any things afoot. There is no agenda here. Our next project will undoubtedly be in China, unless we get involved in Massachusetts. The deal in Philadelphia, as we said in our public statement, which I thought was although concise, was very accurate, that we were encouraged by the institution of table game gaming at a 14% tax rate, still a little tough for the slot machine tax rate. But the gaming opportunities in Pennsylvania were interesting and stimulating. But the particular deal we were in, a deal in which we were a participant in someone elses company. We had never done that before, became unattractive to us at the last minute. And it was the deal itself that caused us to back out. We backed out of a deal more than we backed out of Pennsylvania. And it was that simple. Great people, good friends, but when it was all said and done, the stars didnt line up for us. And thats what happens sometimes. You go into deals. You probe and you start to negotiate, and then at some point when you add everything up, you back out, and we did in this particular case.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Robin Farley with UBS.
Robin Farley - UBS:  Two questions. One is, can you give us some more color around what percent of your business in Macau was direct in Q1 versus either Q4 or last years Q1 just to get a sense of how that is?
Stephen Wynn:  I think the numbers speak for themselves, Robin. They are right there in front of you and I think you can calculate the percentages. I dont have any color to add to it actually.
Robin Farley - UBS:  Okay. And then, you probably wont have any color to add to this, but I wonder if you could give any early color on the Encore Macau property in terms of impact on existing table capacity, that kind of thing?
Stephen Wynn:  Im sorry, Robin. Could you speak a little louder?
Robin Farley - UBS:  Sure. Any color from the initial couple days in Macau with Encore in terms of impact on your existing table capacity there?
Stephen Wynn:  You want me to talk about the second quarter before the second quarter earnings are out. And Im sorry, Robin, Im going to have to disappoint you on that one too. The second quarter began and weve had seven nights in Macau. I dont know that even if it was appropriate to comment, I dont know that it would shed much light or color on anything. I personally dont think there is anything we can learn right away. I will tell you this, the kind of things that we hear. Linda Chen is on the call, is sitting at the table in Macau. Are you not Linda?
Linda Chen:  Yes, I am.
Stephen Wynn:  We cant hear you very well, Linda.
Linda Chen:  Yes, I am here.
Stephen Wynn:  Okay. Linda is the President of Wynn International. She is on the board of the company, the parent company board. She runs international marketing for Asia for the entire company. No one has a greater insight. Linda, can you help Robin with regard to the reception verbally that weve gotten from our customers on Encore in a week?
Linda Chen:  I think, as you said, it is the nicest property in Macau, and people were surprised that we can even outdo ourselves with our current mix at Wynn Macau property. And weve built a product that fits directly to the market needs. So we have a product where it fits whether its a junket or the direct VIP business that comes for a shorter stay than what you used to in the Las Vegas market (Inaudible). I think we will be able to, I mean I shouldnt talk. Like you said, we can talk about the second quarter. But like what you said before when you answered Mr. Marsicos question about the market, good supply in the market build does grow the market. So I think thats what Encore will be able to do for Macau is when you have a good supply in the market, it helps to [hold] everybody in the city.
Stephen Wynn:  I think there is one another point that Linda and I have discussed thats worth sharing with all the people on the conference call. The goal of broadening and bringing in new concessions in Macau in 2002 was to broaden the appeal of Macau in the Pacific Rim and around the rest of the world to bring new customers, not just baccarat players into the marketplace. And it is fascinating to see exactly how that process works. So Im going to explain it with regard to Encore. Macau has junket operators that have a budget that we give them a fixed amount of money to pay for their complementaries for their customers in their rooms, unlike the Las Vegas method which just sort of pays for the rooms. There the house pays for the rooms. Now when we built the Wynn Hotel in Macau, we did what a normal hotel operator does. We built a very commodious large generous typical room at 626 square feet. Thats bigger than Bellagio and the same as Wynn America. And then we built extravagant suites starting at 1,800 feet and going up to 3,000. And those rooms were priced at 200 odd dollars, and the suites well above $1,000 as you would expect in any hotel operation including Shanghai and Hong Kong and Tokyo. And thats what we did as hoteliers. In the hospitality business, it was very, very normal, right up the middle. The junket operators came to us, they came to Linda actually and said just a minute, thats not what we need. The typical room is beautiful, but its not sexy enough for a gambler, and the suites are too expensive for us to waste all of our money at $1,500 or $1,200 a night. What we want is a very theatrical and beautiful room that we can buy for under $400, preferably at $350. Well, there was no such product. And all of a sudden the pressures exerted by gambling interests caused us to create a product an 1,100 square foot suite. We went and did it, and that is Encore. Now what we have done is built a room that is at $350 the most incredible piece of hospitality real estate in the world. And it has an enormous appeal to everybody, especially non-gambling people, because it represents the greatest bargain in the world. So now heres Macau, creating a product from its organic gambling roots that now changes the city and the market to be more appealing, more broad-based in its attractiveness to everybody. How interesting unintended consequences are or maybe they are intended, but here is a product that was engendered by gaming requests that becomes a non-gaming plus for the city. The most lovely room in the world at a price that is almost half of what a regular room at the Peninsula costs, which would be less than half its size. Interesting how things work. I call that, and Ive made this point to the government, organic growth. That is not the same thing as trying to pick up Las Vegas and drop it on Macau that will never work. One is China, one is the United States, and China is China is China, and in relationships with the people of that country, in relationships with your employees, you must not forget that it is not Las Vegas, it is not America. And so dropping Las Vegas strip into Macau was always an idea that did not respect the basic fundamental notion of Macau. And so we try in our observation of the people, what weve learned since 06. We could never have built Encore Wynn in 06. We did not have the hands-on experience with the customers. We learned from our customers, as all good businesses do, we learned from our customers and our employees, how to better run our business. And so what we have in Encore Macau is an organic product that grows in Macau out of the soil of Macaus own beginnings. And Im glad that that question was asked Robin, because it gives us a chance to clarify what weve done. And I hope that adds some color to your question.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your next question is from the line of Larry Klatzkin with Chapdelaine.
Larry Klatzkin - Chapdelaine:  First, Singapore effect, Genting has been open for a while, and [Sheraton] just opened his place, have you seen anything at all as far as them opening feeling in your business?
Stephen Wynn:  Zero.
Larry Klatzkin - Chapdelaine:  All right. Good answer. And then as far as, you made a comment about moving your headquarters to Macau, was there anything to that?
Stephen Wynn:  Yes. We are going to include
Larry Klatzkin - Chapdelaine:  That is where the bulk of your earnings are.
Stephen Wynn:  Were going to include new headquarters in the Cotai project, and I intend to begin the process by switching my own schedule and some of Matts, my CFOs schedule in the almost immediate future. It really at first amounts to really an allocation of our time and our focus. I dont intend to uproot everybody that works for me and move them to Macau. I mean, weve got people with lives and homes and stuff. But it is appropriate I think for us to spend more time and have more focus in Macau. We have a public company there for which we are responsible to the Hong Kong Exchange and to Chinese institutional investors, and we take that very seriously, and I want to make sure that our activities at the high end of the company and the parent company reflect respect for that position.
Larry Klatzkin - Chapdelaine:  Then the last question would be, you kind of said about Pennsylvania that it was a setup of the ownership and the situation that was not attractive to you. If that license came up for fresh renewal for bid, would you consider bidding on that?
Stephen Wynn:  Yes.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Janet Brashear with Sanford C. Bernstein.
Janet Brashear - Sanford C. Bernstein:  I was wondering in Las Vegas what you make of the baccarat streak and what trend lines youd expect? Obviously, its a higher percentage of the business than it has been in the past, and its being driven a lot by Asian gamers. Do you see them continuing at the same pace or do you see the trend either picking up or slacking down?
Stephen Wynn:  I dont know. Really, Linda, what you think?
Linda Chen:  I think the trend compared to last year, definitely will pick up. Like you said the
Stephen Wynn:  Linda, come closer to the microphone.
Linda Chen:  I think, in Vegas the trend will pick up from last year. The US economy is not back to where it was before, so I dont expect to be at its biggest high, but compared to last year , it should definitely pick up.
Stephen Wynn:  Thats the lady that can answer your question, maam.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time.
Stephen Wynn:  Thank you everybody. Look forward to talking to you next time. Bye-bye.
Operator: This concludes todays conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q4  (2010-02-26 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Matt Maddox  CFO & Treasurer Steve Wynn  Chairman & CEO Ian Coughlan  President, Wynn Resorts (Macau), S.A. John Strzemp  EVP & Chief Administrative Officer Marc Schorr  COO
Analysts: Joe Greff  JP Morgan Chris Woronka  Deutsche Bank Steven Kent  Goldman Sachs Cameron McKnight  Buckingham Research Dennis Farrell  Wells Fargo Securities David M. Katz  Oppenheimer Larry Klatzkin  Chapdelaine Dennis Forst  KeyBanc Robin Farley  UBS David Bain  Sterne Agee Kenneth Hong [ph]  Nomura Charles Kokly [ph]  Stifel Nicolaus
Operator: Good afternoon and welcome to the Wynn Resorts fourth quarter and year-ended 2009 earnings conference call. Joining the call on behalf of the Company today are Steve Wynn, Marc Schorr, John Strzemp, Matt Maddox, Andrew Pascal, President of Wynn Las Vegas, and on the phone, Ian Coughlan, President of Wynn Macau. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator instructions) Now I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Matt Maddox. Please go ahead, sir.
Matt Maddox: Thank you and good afternoon, everyone. Before we get started, I just need to remind everybody we will be making forward-looking statements under the Safe Harbor of Federal Securities Laws and those may or may not come true. With that, I am going to turn it over to Steve Wynn for opening comments.
Steve Wynn: Hello to our investors and analysts and hi to our competitors. What we have to say I think going to be very brief because I think these numbers speak for themselves. We had a wonderful year in China. We always want to point out that the most important thing to recognize when looking at numbers of a  in our business is not so much market share per se. Thats a measurement of sort of casino revenue. What really is important is to look at the yield per table and the profitability per table. And I am very happy to see that again for the second or third consecutive year the profitability and the efficiency of our tables in Macau continued to climb in spite of the existence of some very fanciful competition that appeared this year. The Macau is beginning to show some maturity. There are fine buildings that have been opened and are being operated and as market conditions have improved, I think that the rest of the construction that was started and temporarily halted will now continue. Thats all good news as we go forward in having that market big tour [ph]. Weve happily established a niche for ourselves and our  I think our EBITDA was over $0.5 billion last year. And although I dont make forward-looking statements as a rule, we are tracking substantially ahead of that the first two months of the year and we havent even opened Encore, which is about 60 or 90 days away I think due April 24th, on a Wednesday. I think Linda decided that well do with an April 24th. And that is the most beautiful thing weve ever done. And when that kicks in, were going to have another little boost in our ability to understand and serve the specific needs of our customers. And our customers are admittedly the top end. This building, Encore in Macau  and I am taking just an extra minute to comment on it  is a building that was designed after we had two years of experience to understand the needs of our particular guests that gamble and visit Macau. When we build Wynn Macau and opened it in 06, we had done our very best in pre-opening research and design to have the building that would appeal to what we understood to be that market. And I am happy to say that we werent very far off the mark and the success that we have enjoyed is a direct reflection of the fact that we were able to get it right, especially in the wonderful employees that we were able to attract to come work for us. The workforce in Macau is totally delicious. I mean the people that have come to work for us from Macau, from Mainland China, from the Philippines, have the most wonderful desire to be trained and to improve and be successful in their jobs. Thats probably been our main asset is the people that work for us, which is why we never cut back on salaries or the thirteenth month or why we never did any of the other things that some of our competitors have done because whether its in Macau or Las Vegas, our principal asset are our employees. And the ones we have now in China are just absolutely over the moon wonderful as far as we are concerned. And we have the organization thats going to be in place to open Encore, I am happy to say in a few months. And I think when everybody gets a whiff of that place they are going to realize that weve set a new standard in hospitality, facilities, and the way we present our product. It is by far the best thing Ive been part, and Ive been doing this for forty odd years. Its 414 rooms and suites and I am very excited about Aprils opening, I can't wait to share it with everybody. So much for Macau. We look forward to a very healthy and exciting 2010 and beyond. I wish I could say the same thing about Las Vegas, but I am still  as we have been in the past  unlike some of our competitors who have seen all kinds of glitter and wonderment just around the corner; I think everybody has sort of come clean now that we dont see that. The policies in Washington, policies of government have taken a terrible toll on the working people in America that come to Las Vegas and the Corporations that book conventions and meetings in Las Vegas. I am afraid to say that I think the outlook for 2010 is very conservative at least. I dont see any major change in the future. I dont see it getting worse per se, but I do think that unless there is some signal from Washington that they can control the deficit, that not only Las Vegas, but the country faces dire problems. And I dont see any reason whatsoever to have a spec of confidence in the Congress or the administration thats there now. And in the end Las Vegas is almost a perfect reflection of the national mood. So I am conservative and guarded about the future of Las Vegas and I think political leadership has now come home to roost as part of every businessmans conference calls. I mean imagine, it would be necessary for someone in my position with my job to talk to a group of investors and analysts and have to refer to policies in Washington when discussing the relevance of the quarters that lie ahead. But if anybody has got a spec of  sophistication thats listening to my voice now will recognize that that is in fact true. Ill take questions and so will my colleagues who are sitting around the table.
Operator: (Operator instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Joe Greff with JP Morgan.
Joe Greff  JP Morgan: Good afternoon, everybody. Just a couple of quickly questions before I ask a couple of more strategic questions. If you can help us may be net on the hold  the net hold impact from Macau and Las Vegas from an EBITDA perspective. And then you referenced in the earnings release in the quarter corporate spend had some one time items. Could you help us understand what that amount was and what that relates to?
Matt Maddox: Sure. In Las Vegas we hold about 18.7%. If we had been in the midpoint of our range, that would have approximately $15 million of additional EBITDA had we all 22%. In Macau youll notice, we only hold 2.7 on  which is at the low end of our range. So I will normalize it for you, but its just the low end of the range on the VIP side whereas normalized it would be 2.85. So in Macau
Steve Wynn: Which is a lot of money!
Matt Maddox: Which is a lot of money in Macau. So 16 billion of total  17 billion of turnover versus 11 billion of turnover last year, volumes are very strong. If you look at the corporate expense side, for full year 2008, we had about $36 million of corporate expense excluding the quarters. Full year 09 closer to 45. The difference of roughly $8 million or $9 million is attributable to one-time payments related to the Macau IPO. So, 2009 corporate expenses would have been roughly flat with 2008 outside of those one-time expenses.
Joe Greff  JP Morgan: Thank you. And Matt or Steve, can you just talk about in Macau or Las Vegas collections of credit and if can help to understand what the pressures in  I know you do a  probably more considerable [ph] job of reserving that, but if you can talk about any changes in collections there.
Steve Wynn: Joe, I am glad you brought that up. I am  I know who is on this call. And so I am going to talk to all of them, including my competitors. One of the things that has been really cute about this business of quarterly conference calls is sort of a game of cat and mouse about credit. This Company, Wynn Resorts, has a policy that originates in our audit committee, that is consistent with Sarbanes-Oxley, that is iron-fisted tough about credit, credit reserves and credit accountability. And youve noticed that in my  I think almost 40 odd years of experience you never had a special charge. It wasnt reserved in advance. Thats the result of very, very tough cold-blooded assessment of credit when we issue it and when we create our original reserves. Matt, if you or Scott or anybody wants to talk about our credit reserves and our experiences.
Matt Maddox: I will just jump in. In Las Vegas we are over approximately 45% reserved. And in Macau, almost over 60%, so much higher than I think what it is normally considered industry standard  
Steve Wynn: And if we have a problem, its been our auditors who are saying, now just a minute boys, dont be trying to create savings accounts. We know you are collecting this money. Well we dont create savings accounts, that not permitted by law. But what we do make sure is that we dont have special charges. You see that in every one of these other companies. I dont know whether its because they want to have fancy quarterly earnings when they dont really have fancy quarterly earnings, but I find that subject to be a bore. We reserve appropriately and in my entire career, Ive never had a special assessment because of a bad credit decision. And we dont have any now.
Joe Greff  JP Morgan: Great. And then my final question, Steve, if you can talk about how you are viewing your Philadelphia opportunity, how that property will be positioned, if you can talk about amenities, hotel rooms, may be how you think about project scope, CapEx, any kind of details on that? I know it may be early, but anything you could share with that will be great?
Steve Wynn: It is early, but I have spent the last several weeks working almost eight, nine hours a day on the program, with my partner, DeRuyter Butler, who designed all these hotels with me. You know we do our work in-house. I am happy to say that were feeling very good about our opportunity in Philadelphia. Its not going to be a hotel; its going to be the cutest casino that youve ever seen. Its not going to look like slots in a box. Its going to have a very definite Wynn signature presentation. Its going to be extraordinarily and very innovatively user-friendly. And its going to have all the bells and whistles that are good-looking, fun, casino, restaurant complex with slot machines and table games and other forms of fun should have. And I think thats provocative and self-serving enough for the moment.
Joe Greff  JP Morgan: Great. Thank you very much.
Steve Wynn: No hotel rooms, Joe.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Woronka with Deutsche Bank.
Chris Woronka  Deutsche Bank: Hi good afternoon. May be you can talk a little bit strategy going forward in Las Vegas. Is the series correct and necessary slow recovery, how do you look at primary [ph] mix that business bringing back the higher end customer with room rates where they are right now.
Steve Wynn: Good question. Good question really to the heart of the matter. If we have a rather cold-blooded look at the near future, the question is what do you do then and once again, here the oldest story in the book when it comes to our Company. Capital structure is your salvation. Its capital structure that allows you to hold your head in a down market. I dont  I am not forced with my colleagues to juggle my employees or to juggle my customer service levels. There is nothing left to do in my industry except do the basics better. And doing the basics better is what we are all about right now as we tend to our (inaudible) in a market thats sort of rough. So we are building a $67 million beach club and a new night club to add to our existing night clubs called Surrender. And we are improving Switch, our restaurant, that will all be integrated into the Encore beach club. And its going to open up on May 21st.  what have we got, 90 days to go? Right on schedule. And the Encore beach club will be just as our night clubs, excess and twist have dominated the market. The Encore beach club will take this very profitable sector of the market, the alcoholic beverage, recreational tumults [ph] that goes along with night clubs, and the margins are fabulous. You know we have 65% profit margins in these departments, better than a blackjack in many respects. The Encore beach club will take the night club mentality into day time. Weve got this gorgeous two-level Cabana club that will anchor the north end of our property and liven up this end of the strip. And you can walk from the Cabanas out onto a French balcony and look over the strip or on the inside the Cabanas look down on the pool area, which is integrated with the new night club Surrender and our restaurant Switch, which will now have a beautiful terrace dining area. This whole complex which is on the strip side of Encore, where we originally put a port to share unfortunately the hotel that were supposed to be built across the street from us at the frontier side and the startdust [ph] site have been aborted. And we perceived that they will be aborted for the near and distant future. I dont see anything happening with the special on place project in the near future, nor do I see anything happening on the frontier project. So having a fancy port to share which we unfortunately built for Encore was worthless. Now, another company would have to live with that. Because we have such a strong financial statement, and because we have the working capital thats necessary to keep us competitive, we take off that unused port to share and we put something on it that would generate profits in 90 days. And that puts more pressure on our competition. More pressure on every level of our competition. We area about refurbish our rooms in Wynn, because they are five years old. It puts more pressure on our competition because our service levels and the targeted attractiveness of our facilities gets more and more infective. Nothing left to do, but the basics better, and thats the story of Wynn Resorts in Las Vegas.
Chris Woronka  Deutsche Bank: Okay, very good, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven Kent with Goldman Sachs.
Steven Kent  Goldman Sachs: Good afternoon. Just two questions. First on Philadelphia to Joes question earlier, can you just give us a little bit more detail because I think one of our fears about you going into a market like Pennsylvania is that on the one hand you want to give a very Wynn experience, a great experience, a great property, on the other hand it does have a higher tax rate. And its hard to see how you could get a return that you historically have been comfortable with. So, how do you balance putting your name on something that might not have sort of the same appeal? And I guess when I look over history of looking at the industry, there have been times where people have entered Detroit or Pennsylvania, or Mississippi where they have over spent and sort of how do you balance that or what constraints you are? Then the second thing is, because Steve you just mentioned that you can put a lot of pressure on your competition, which I agree you could, can you talk about Vegas pricing? You are certainly the leader here on pricing. You could stay at these rates and put pressure on the rest of the strip, at the same time again given what is a superior experience, if you discount for too long, dont you teach your customers that they can get a great experience for half off or whatever the pricing is right now?
Steve Wynn: Let me take the second part of the question first, because its fresh in my mind. The danger that you described is real. I mean if rates stay down in Las Vegas, how long that the rates stay down in Las Vegas before they become the norm, you ask me that question. And I say to you, I dont know, but what should I do. Half empty rooms? You know Steve  can you hear me alright, Steve?
Steven Kent  Goldman Sachs: Yes, I can hear you, Steve.
Steve Wynn: I mean you make a very valid point. But there you are. The revenue is going up by 3% and capacity is going up by over 6% thanks to our friends down the street. Those building were conceived in a different time, but they exist. So does Encore. So, we make the best of it. Ill tell you one thing. You better damn well have a strong balance sheet if you want to play on this strip and weve got one. I think our cash is equal to our debt. And we dont have any current maturities, we have long maturities, low interest rates. We are protected for stormy weather. And this is again, you know, I said this before. Without a  if you dont understand the capital structures, the backbone of your marketing, then you need to go back to business school. We understand that here. We dont need to learn that lesson anew. Now lets go back to Philadelphia, if we can, Steve.
Steven Kent  Goldman Sachs: Sure.
Steve Wynn: I am building 3000 slot machines and a bunch of table games and a poker room, Italian restaurant, a steak house, an Asian restaurant, because I am two blocks from a Vietnamese neighborhood. I am five blocks from Society Hill. I am in a town with seven universities. About four blocks from the Walt Whitman Bridge, my 14 or 15 acres in on the Delaware river  that incidentally Steve the  al most to the foot, the same as my property in Macau. Two blocks away or four blocks away is the Walt Whitman Bridge. On the other side of the bridge is Cherry Hill, New Jersey. All four of good old  my old friends, Italians, and Jews and every conceivable stripe of that group that love to shoot crab and gamble. And they are ten minutes away in their cars or at a bus from my casino on the Delaware River. I love the proximity to these people. I lover the proximity to the Vietnamese neighborhood. And I am going to put in a beautiful Vietnamese restaurant for them. I am going to build a very pretty place with my  with the help of my Wynn design and development team that is perfectly responsive just to that market. And not a bit more over the top than that. But it will look like us. It won't be a slots in a box. I spent some time this past week with a very good friend of mine, Bob Menukian [ph], who has lets call Philadelphia Dallas.
Unidentified Speaker: (Inaudible)
Steve Wynn: No, parts casino. And Bob was sharing the results of that casino with me. And I assure you sir that that is not a below-average return on investment. It is a wonderful return on investment because of the low cost of marketing. Listen, no Gulfstream jets, no helicopters, no nothing. And the table games and the slot wins are allowing, because of the limited amount of machines in the market, for returns that are handsome, much better than we get in Las Vegas at the present moment. So, I am not concerned about over shooting the mark. I think we can build a lovely single-level, what appears to be a single level on the outside. You know, you put the valet parking and the employee parking on grade and then you lift the casino by 12 or 14 feet and you drive up to that on the port to share so it look like its on grade. And then you have two or three levels of parking on either side of the casino, so you can walk right into the casino from the garages. And we make this super friendly place for users. And they can run in, gamble for three hours, and run out, have a great steak or an Italian dinner or noodles or a slice of pizza, and it will be just the right lighting and great colors. All those things. All those little things that have always given us market superiority. We are going to put them to work for the first time in a straight forward casino, not a destination integrated resort, which involves all those bells and whistles that are so expensive that you are familiar with in the past. So, dont misunderstand the assignment that we have or our clear vision of what we have to do. I dont know if that makes feel any better. Are you owning our stock these days?
Steven Kent  Goldman Sachs: Unfortunately as a sell side analyst, I can't, but I am looking forward to the casino opening up.
Steve Wynn: Well, we are going to do it real quick because its not a high-rise hotel. We are going to get out of the blocks as quickly as we can, I am testifying. We have some conditions to that we met but I am testifying next Wednesday in Harrisburg.
Steven Kent  Goldman Sachs: Great.
Steve Wynn: I am ready for the next question and boys are sitting here and the ladies.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Cameron McKnight with Buckingham Research.
Cameron McKnight  Buckingham Research: Hi guys, its Cameron McKnight of Buckingham, how are you?
Steve Wynn: Hi. Are you a sell or buy side guy?
Cameron McKnight  Buckingham Research: I am a sell side guy.
Steve Wynn: Okay.
Cameron McKnight  Buckingham Research: Just a couple of questions, if I may, Steve. Could you comment on just general conditions in Chin at the moment? There are a lot analysts whove been writing about a VIP bubble in real estate prices heading  hit a peak. What are your thoughts and how are you thinking about the macro environment in Macau now?
Steve Wynn: Ian. Ian, I know you are up. What do you think about that question? Ian Coughlan, the CEO of Macau, is on the call. I love to have you hear from him.
Ian Coughlan: I think in the three and a half years Ive been in Macau, there is constant stories perculating about restrained activity, liquidity issues, visa restrictions, and the market continues to grow. When I look ahead over the next 12 months, weve had a very good start to the year. And Encore is the only casino property opening in Macau in 2010. So, we have a pretty optimistic view ahead. What happens in China its hard to predict at times, but looking ahead, we believe strongly in Macau and we feel we are going to have a good year.
Steve Wynn: If the first two months of this year were any better, Id be suspicious. If we go straight ahead where we have been, and incidentally we are not holding high, we are holding low, is that right, John?
John Strzemp: Yes.
Steve Wynn: What are we holding the first two months? Listen to this. I am going to make a forward-looking statement. I am going to give you a look at the first 
John Strzemp: Yes, we caught up. (inaudible)
Steve Wynn: We are at 2.8.
Marc Schorr: Yes, 2.8. But, Steve, you know what  
Steve Wynn: And our earnings are up an enormous amount and I am just delighted. Our franchise in Macau is real. Our customers know and expect us to be consistent and we do not disappoint them.
Marc Schorr: You know, Steve, well I dont think everyone understands this  its Marc Schorr speaking  that 48% of our EBITDA dollars come from general casino and slots alone, not just VIP.
Steve Wynn: Thats right. But our general casino customer is different than the other general casino customer by a lot, by a lot. And I like to say that three times, by a lot. We build a better mouse trap so to speak, we build a facility more user-friendly. And there is nothing left in our business but to do the basics better. People come to a casino with a very specific and clear-cut goal in mind. They want to sit down, enjoy the excitement of gambling, have something good to eat, and be well served. That sounds very simple, except thats not usually what happens. They want to be able to see the cards; the lighting has got to be right. They want an environment thats emotionally pleasing to them, which has to do with colors and all kinds of minute details that take years and years and years of experience to learn about. And weve got years and years and years of experience that weve learned about it. Its unfortunately not the kind of a thing that you can pick up in three weeks with a big bank roll and a bombastic wave of you arm. Nobody becomes Master of the Universe in this business just because they say they are. Bigger aint better; better is better. Next question.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dennis Farrell with Wells Fargo Securities.
Dennis Farrell  Wells Fargo Securities: Good afternoon guys. I have two quick questions
Steve Wynn: Are you a buy side guy?
Dennis Farrell  Wells Fargo Securities: I am a sell side high yield analyst.
Steve Wynn: Okay.
Dennis Farrell  Wells Fargo Securities: First question is, do you plan on financing Philadelphia through an unrestricted subsidiary of one resorts or through the Wynn Las Vegas level? And second is in terms of strategy as you look forward, as you are  obviously this is your big parade back into the regional markets, do you potentially see, looking at other Greenfield opportunities throughout the U.S. to drive demand to Vegas or maybe their acquisition?
Steve Wynn: Matt?
Matt Maddox: So, on the financing side, it would be through an unrestricted subsidiary, project finance, similar to what weve done, not at the Wynn Las Vegas level.
Steve Wynn: And the second part of your question, the answer is yes. I think that this  we really know that region, you know we  I dont want to use a too self serving a term, but I will. We dominated the Atlantic City market for the seven years we were there regardless of the fact that we were the smallest casino. Not one single quarter did we not make more money than the other guys in spite of how many places opened? We love the South Jersey market. We like the Philadelphia market. And Atlantic City was a difficult place for us for a number of reasons, unfortunately. They either had to do with the local planning and environmental sort of a community leadership. We think that this location on the Delaware river next to Society Hill and the Walt Whitman Bridge is a dandy, we like it a lot. We like it  we like being so close to the customers that we served when we were in Atlantic City in the early and mid-80s. Well  I am very happy about that. And I think Marc looked at it  I think in our current customer base  we had 107,000 rated players in the neighborhood. Within 60 minutes of that casino. And we know those people. We know what they like. And it will also provide some benefit to us here in Las Vegas because we can offer them a chance to come here at and because we have a more intimate relationship with them. And if another regional opportunity presents itself that we understand, we would jump on it because we go the capital and the experience to do so.
Dennis Farrell  Wells Fargo Securities: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David M. Katz with Oppenheimer.
David M. Katz  Oppenheimer: Good afternoon. Can you hear me?
Steve Wynn: Good afternoon.
David M. Katz  Oppenheimer: Hi, sorry about that. You used, Steve, in your opening comments, you used the word mature, or maturing relative to the Macau market, and what  and I wanted to try and place that in some kind of a relative basis because early on or in earlier stages, we may have seen growth rates that are 30%, 40%, 50%. And perhaps now, by maturing and I dont want to put words in your mouth, you may mean something more in the teens, which, if we put that perhaps  in the U.S. market it would seem robust and I just wanted to get a sense for what you meant by that.
Steve Wynn: No, I am sorry, I didnt mean it that way. I was talking about a maturing in the sense of the facilities that were available, the choices. One of the reasons Las Vegas has been so well  has been so successful for so many years is that the public has had a wonderful menu of choices. Not one hotel, but several that were all different and had a variety of options available to tourists. Macau was very limited when it was a monopoly. And then as the years have gone by, since the opening of the Sands and then ourselves and the people from Melbourne, and then this past year, the Four Seasons opened from the  the Sand opened the Four Seasons and the Melco people opened the City of Dreams. Thats what I meant by maturity. And then here we come with this sexy little thing called Encore. These are wonderful choices. I notice that the business for Chinese New Year was a little softer, even though baccarat was good last year. And I think one of the reasons is that business exploded for Chinese New Year in Macau. And I think its because now the choices in China are so wonderful for people that live in South China, they can go to Macau, they dont have to travel all the way to Las Vegas. Now, again, we had a very big baccarat year last year in Las Vegas in spite of everything else. But I am convinced that the choices that are presenting themselves to people in Asia just as the government intended  you know the reason they broke the monopoly and added more  a couple of more concessions, was so that Macau will become more attractive to a broader range of people and thats exactly whats happening. And thats the kind of maturity I was talking about. As far as growth rate, Macau is jumping this year. What happened is growth rate is keeping up with the expansion in the  in more places, resulting in more business by a lot. Thats what we are seeing at least this first quarter.
David M. Katz  Oppenheimer: So, if I may follow that up, it sounds like you are not terribly concerned about demand but really access and infrastructure to support increasing supply.
Steve Wynn: Very well put. Thats exactly what  thats my feeling.
David M. Katz  Oppenheimer: Very good. Thank you much.
Steve Wynn: Yes, sir. Next.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Larry Klatzkin with Chapdelaine.
Larry Klatzkin  Chapdelaine: Hey, Steve, I guess when you come to Phily, you got to save Steves back.
Steve Wynn: I dont think that people will remember me; its been 23 years since I left.
Larry Klatzkin  Chapdelaine: I remember your commercials with Frank Sinatra.
Steve Wynn: Yes, so it was.
Larry Klatzkin  Chapdelaine: They were pretty extraordinary.
Steve Wynn: Yes, they are part of the archives.
Larry Klatzkin  Chapdelaine: Well, maybe you bring them back.
Steve Wynn: That will be hell of a trick. If I can bring Frank Sinatra back, I dont know if I have to worry about slot machines anymore.
Larry Klatzkin  Chapdelaine: Philly spend, do you have just a kind of a round figure that you may be spending there?
Matt Maddox: Give a minute here, Larry. We just   (Inaudible)
Larry Klatzkin  Chapdelaine: Got to be worth it.
Steve Wynn: Blood just streamed out of his face. You know, but its not going to be you know a shaking number, Larry, I told you what we are building.
Larry Klatzkin  Chapdelaine: Yes, I know, you are right on that. How about?
Steve Wynn: We are going three-storey building; its a three-storey structure, including parking.
Larry Klatzkin  Chapdelaine: Would you still look outside the United States at Japan or something, what happened in the future?
Steve Wynn: In an instantaneous heartbeat. Listen, we are more of a Chinese company than an American today as we are having this call. I love it. Thank God for being outside the United States today. There isnt an executive in the world that isnt thrilled about being outside the United States today. What are we supposed to do? Draw great hope and satisfaction from the behavior of the Senate and the House of Representatives? If that isnt enough to give you a heartburn, I dont know what is.
Larry Klatzkin  Chapdelaine: I am not going to argue there.
Steve Wynn: I dont think anybody in America is arguing it. There is a furiousness in the country about the irresponsibility. $100 million a month we are supposed to borrow, $100 billion a month we are supposed to borrow for the next five or six years. Why, its totally unsustainable. Its lunacy. I remember the (inaudible) bill; I think it was around 1909. The great political philosopher from France wrote, The American system of democracy will thrive until that moment when the politicians discover they can bribe the electorate with their own money. And those damn fools have done it.
Larry Klatzkin  Chapdelaine: You are not hearing any argument here. Let me  a question on Vegas, does the beach club cost you guys any money from disruption or is it  its not a major effect that would have any effect until it opens?
Steve Wynn: I am sorry  no, no, we didnt disruption. We were able it from the outside, Larry.
Larry Klatzkin  Chapdelaine: Okay, perfect, thanks guys.
Steve Wynn: And its come along great. Its on budget, on time, we are going to open it up by May 21st. It will be opened for Memorial Day Cooking.
Larry Klatzkin  Chapdelaine: Excellent. Well, good luck with that. Thanks guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dennis Forst with KeyBanc.
Dennis Forst  KeyBanc: Hey, good afternoon. Wanted to ask Matt about the management  I am sorry, the minority interest in Macau. Can you give us an idea of how that number is calculated, just walk us through the machinations, Matt?
Matt Maddox: Sure. It takes place 27.7% of Macau net income. So, not EBITDA but net income, so thats whats attributed to the minority to the stake that we sold. You will see net income 100% and then we have to back that number out.
Dennis Forst  KeyBanc: So, if we take that three months operating income number of $89 million and then adjust that, what 27?
Matt Maddox: It didnt. You will be able to get to the calculations once we announce our Wynn Macau earnings. Later this month, you will see it quite clearly.
Dennis Forst  KeyBanc: Okay. You will release those in the United States also or will we get those through the Hong Kong SEC?
Matt Maddox: Theyll be probably available on the Internet and on our website. Well be filing them with the Hong Kong SEC.
Dennis Forst  KeyBanc: Okay, good. Thank you.
Steve Wynn: Next question?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robin Farley with UBS.
Steve Wynn: Oh, Robin.
Robin Farley  UBS: Great, hi, thanks. I wondered if you can talk a little bit about timing of Cotai given you know the growth in that market balance against the re-start of a (inaudible) projects and is your design process at this point, is that the real timing issue or if other  passing that market, I guess if you could share the thought process with us.
Steve Wynn: We are very keen about our Cotai project. We think it conceivably could be the most beautiful hotel in the world after Encore, which opens up this year. And we can't think of a better place to build it, all things considered, namely the workforce and government policy. We are constrained by the political process itself of getting the entitlement and the details done through planning and public works in Macau. We are full to hilt at that. And our own planning process  its an ambitious project. It will involve a couple of billion dollars. And its not four or 5000 rooms or anything like that. Its one hotel on the property and it has some very novel and new ideas. And so we are talking our time with the design, Robin, because we design the hotel first, then we build it. We raise our money before we break ground so that when we do start to build it, we have all of our money together. Now I know these are sort of old-fashioned concepts, design the hotel before you build it, and have the money before you start. But we are in the process of doing all that. And I think its going to take another several months before we can answer specific questions that you are asking me today.
Robin Farley  UBS: Okay. Okay great. And I guess one other question about Las Vegas, and I know (inaudible) made a very clear point about how you feel the economy impacting things. But I wonder to the degree that group business on the books, you have a little more visibility on (inaudible). Is there a point, is it too early to say that may be 2011 will be better, in other words, how your 2011 bookings are versus 2010 or just in a common sense [ph], volume of bookings or rate of bookings for 2010 or 11, just to get a sense of where do you see that.
Steve Wynn: If you are talking about strictly convention booking, you can say that 10 is better than 09, and you can say you see a trend of increased bookings. It is totally irresponsible and nave for anybody to say based upon this slight trend, we project this infinitely into the future and give you some rosy balloony [ph] story about whats going to happen in 11. And I am warning my investors that may be on the call, to the extent that you hear any of that from our competitors, beware. There are more questions afoot in this market in America that will impact 11 than I have hair in my head, I am happy to say, and I still have a full head of hair. No, youll not get any of that from us. I dont see it. Ive got more questions than answers. I have more pessimism than I have had before. And its based upon the political environment in which we are living today. And it definitely is impacting Las Vegas. The President of the United States hasnt missed one single opportunity to swelch [ph] Las Vegas. In our particular case its cost us millions of dollars from companies affected by the Presidents remarks that had no connection whatsoever to federal bailouts. But we get phone calls, and I am not going to mention the names of the companies, from Chairmen, who say we dont want to appear to be profligate because Barack Obama said this or that about Las Vegas. But its had an effect on us. The hospitality industry in the United States of America as a whole has suffered disproportionately during this recession. Maybe automobile workers got a break. But all of the hundreds and hundreds of thousands of people that work in the hotels, restaurants, and bars in the United States of America have been totally and completely overlooked in this aborted rescue attempt that has squandered billions of dollars in the United States. And I am being very harsh about it. And Ive got the data to back it up and so is everybody else in the hospitality industry Job formation and the kinds of companies that make jobs are under attack in the United States of America. You know, MGM  aside for a moment  in  last year we created almost 5000 jobs. And immediately became the target of the administration. Businesses that created jobs, little own gaming companies have created jobs, had to be no good. I mean, it is preposterous that businesses are under attack in the United States of America. Anybody that makes over$250,000 in the form of a personal income tax return is now by Washington definition a rich person when everybody who has got a college degree knows that the personal income tax rate in the United States of America is the business tax of America. Every subchapter S, every individual proprietorship, and every partnership in the United States of America files tax returns as individuals. And when they do, and they show that they made $2 million, or $3 million or God forbid $4 million, they pay the income tax rate. They deduct their working expenses, their living expenses and then they invest in a new store, a new shop, and most of the time 25% of their profits are tied up in accounts receivable or inventory. But all of a sudden, all of those people who make over $250,000 are rich folks to be fleeced. And if thats job formation stimulation in America, (inaudible) providence. And if I sound angry about it, and disgusted, I am disgusted and angry at the apparent ignorance of the administration and the Congress to recognize the fact that the individual tax rate in the United States of America is in fact the business tax of America. And if you keep banging on that, you will destroy in the incentive for job formation in the United States of America. And thats simple truth. Simple truth. And whether politicians like it or dont like it, it means nothing to me. And thats why I am pessimistic about Las Vegas, because those are our customers. Those people out there, hustling their businesses, and God forbid, showing that they made a million dollars as a partnership or as an individual, yes, they are the enemy now. They are the rich folks. Well, until we get over this America is in for hard times because whats going to happen is the people that are going to suffer from whats going on are the working class of America. My 15 to 20,000 employees they are the ones that are in trouble. The reason they are in trouble is this demolition of the dollar. Its going to reduce the buying power of the working class of America as sure hell as if we gave them a salary cut of 25%. And thats another thing that doesnt seem to be clear to the brilliant people in Washington, D.C. They are not just our customers, they are my employees. And until my employees get the drift of whats being done to them America is in trouble. Next question.
Robin Farley  UBS: Good color. Thanks for the color.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Bain with Sterne Agee.
David Bain  Sterne Agee: Most of my questions have been answered, but just back to Pennsylvania quickly, in terms of a return, outside of a return on capital, and I understand the synergies that go with it, you mentioned that you spend eight, nine hours a day on it, I mean is it a type of return thats worthwhile in terms of not detracting  I guess one of the concerns could be that it could detract from larger projects with a bigger influence on the  on a forecast?
Steve Wynn: You are talking about a large project in America?
David Bain  Sterne Agee: No, pretty much worldwide.
Steve Wynn: Well, we dont have any trouble raising capital worldwide. You know we financed China 100% with Asian financing. (inaudible)
Steve Wynn: Oh my time, I am sorry I didnt understand. Well I am happy to say this organization is a lot deeper than just me. I am just one shooting my mouth off today. And if you are politically sensitive, you are probably cringing at my criticism of the government, but its
David Bain  Sterne Agee: I am fine.
Steve Wynn: You know, its become a factor in our lives everyday on the job here. As far as my time is concerned, I dont think that Philadelphia, if thats what we are talking about is detractive. I think thats a constructive use of my time and Ill certainly have time when and if opportunities  I mean I work on Philadelphia and I work on Cotai thats basically what I do now along with everything else that goes along with being a CEO of the parent company. But we find that very comfortable
David Bain  Sterne Agee: Okay.
Steve Wynn: Our capacity.
David Bain  Sterne Agee: Okay. And then if you take a view on Cotai with regard to Cotai with regard to Galaxy sites five and six, I mean long supply and I know that you are essentially viewing Macau, at least it sounds like its supply driven. But from a broad strategy point of view, I mean is Cotai where you really begin to go after the max [ph] player and the (inaudible) will become even more focused on VIP  will it change your strategy for Wynn Macau or Wynn Encore?
Steve Wynn: Well, I love the idea that we are going to start five and six, because its a Sheraton. They are lower end products. And thats lot of folks. And then they  Sheldon built all those ferry boats. I think thats great too. And he was subsidizing. Everybody else on coati buy those ferry boats and its also worked out well for him. Thats all great stuff. It all happened. And what I am looking forward to is opening in the nicest place in that neighborhood and skimming off to top end of the business just like we did downtown in Las Vegas, on the strip, in Atlantic City, and we are doing now in Macau. Thats our stick. We do that. We love over developed markets. Its where we thrive.
David Bain  Sterne Agee: Okay, great, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kenneth Hong [ph] with Nomura.
Kenneth Hong  Nomura: Hi, good afternoon guys. I am a sell side analyst covering Wynn Macau, Hong Kong. So, one question on the Singapore competition. There has been marketing concern that Singapore is going after the direct VIP market which Wynn Macau is very strong about, so whats your take on that and do you see any threat, potentially going forward? And also what is the percentage of a VIP customer actually coming from the South East Asia?
Steve Wynn: Okay, first of all, your question is well put and if I can rephrase it, if Singapore is designed to take the top end customer away from us four hours away in a jet, the equivalent of New York to LA, are worried. Now this hotel in Singapore is going to be beautiful. I hope, I suspect that it will be. Its going up in April. The one that the Venetian folks have built. Now, right down the street, for 25 minutes from our hotel in Macau, the same company built the Four Seasons, designed by their own public announcement to take our business away. People didnt have to travel four hours on a jet. They decided to do it right down the street. And they werent able to do it. So, I hardly can be concerned about a threat four hours by jet away from me if I wasnt concerned about one that was four miles away from me on Cotai. Does that answer your question?
Kenneth Hong  Nomura: Yes. How about from the South East Asia customer perspective, sir.
Ian Coughlan: Its less than 5%.
Kenneth Hong  Nomura: Of the overall VIP?
Ian Coughlan: Yes.
Steve Wynn: Our customers are from China and Singapore is further away. They did a clever thing with the taxation in Singapore. I think that Singapore will develop its own market closer to itself in a very organic and well considered way. But to think of the two casinos in Macau  in Singapore as a direct threat to Macau I think is to misunderstand the Singapore market. I am not  I am very optimistic about the Singapore market, dont misunderstand me. But I think the Singapore market will be Malaysian, I think will be Indonesian, I think it will be that sort of thing, and Thailand, you know and even Brunei, those places that are close within an hour or two. Thats how it works for Macau and thats how it will work for Singapore. And you can count the amount of people within the range that Ive just described and you can take a look at their ethnicity. There is a big Muslim population in that part of the world. And you can consider what the size of that market will be. And  but I dont think  dont look at Singapore versus Macau in terms of taking customers away. I think you missed the boat on that one.
Kenneth Hong  Nomura: Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Charles Kokly [ph] with Stifel Nicolaus.
Charles Kokly  Stifel Nicolaus: I am glad to be on the call. I am neither a sell side or a buy side analyst. I am a stock jockey and a fan of yours for quite a while, and a personal stockholder. That being said, well Ive listened to your calls forever and I think its the most enjoyable call I get to listen to on a quarterly basis. That being said, looking backwards at the Encore, the hopes that you had in the bringing, of course the rug was pulled out under all of us with the political climate and what happened to the economy. Is it what you thought it would be, and is it helping Wynn and how do you feel long term about the strength of twins next to each other?
Steve Wynn: Good question. No, its not what I thought it would be. I thought that it would add at least 200 or 250 million of EBITDA to our bottom line and nothing remotely like that has happened. Of course it was conceived in a market that was entirely different today as youve just pointed out. It is a beautiful thing that cost $2.3 billion. Now, we made a certain amount of money last year in Las Vegas. That money  we made more money than that without Encore, let alone with it. So now you have to ask yourself a question, if we had no Encore, if we didnt have those other 2000 odd rooms, would we have made even less? Or would we just be better off because we did  we would have $2.3 billion in cash more than we do now. You know I would love to have the ability to reconsider that decision at the moment, but I dont. I know this that there is a wonderful powerful synergy that we are seeing in people that stay at Encore and love it and come back. They are paying enough to the rooms to suit me and to suit our pro forma, but neither is that happening anywhere else in America that I know of or in Europe. So, if  what I build Encore, if I had to do it today, no, I keep my money. Fortunately, we had enough money that we dont sweat it. We have planned that business or not  business cycles go up, business cycles go down. Any sophisticated company plans and has built into its capital structure and a building that survives such predictable events. So, when Encore opened, we were ready, but  I dont know when Encores power will kick in  at full hilt. I know that when the beach club opens up in a few months, they were going to have a lot more people in Encore than we do now, especially on that side, on the strip side of the property and that those tables and those slot machines are going to be a bunch more fully utilized and there is going to be a big profit margin in the beach club and in the Surrender night club and in the Switch restaurant, and there will be a lot more excitement on the north end of the strip because of the visage and the structure itself that anchor our land holdings here on the strip. So, I am very happy about what weve added to Encore. But as far as the rooms and what they are doing for us, we are on hold here. And as I said before, I think we are on hold for a while unless the government in Washington gives the world a message that America  Lee Kuan Yew, speaking of Singapore, was in the United States and went to visit the President of the United States. The day before he went to visit the President he was on television on Charlie Roses Show. And Charlie Rose asked this brilliant, most elder statesmen in the world, the man who founded Singapore; he asked Lee Kuan Yew, what about America and what advice would you give the President of the United States? And this age Mount Rushmore caliber man said on television, on PBS, and I am sure he repeated it in the wine house, but I wasnt there of course, he said, unless the government and the administration can learn to control government expenditures that are wildly out of control, the value of the dollar will be decimated and destroyed to the detriment of the people, of the world and the United States and the world. Thats what he said. And until we have a signal that such discipline and common sense has regained its footing I dont know how to answer the kinds of questions that you are asking. And I dont think any other business man does either.
Charles Kokly  Stifel Nicolaus: He sounds like Thomas Jefferson, if you do a little reading. Last comment, personal, I had the most memorable dinner of my life  let me add also, most expensive  at (inaudible) with my entire family and thats the type of memories  thats why you go back Wynn and Encore.
Steve Wynn: I wish you wouldnt have mentioned the price.
Charles Kokly  Stifel Nicolaus: Worth every dime! Thank you, Steve.
Steve Wynn: Thank you. Thank you, sir. Its nice to talk to a stockholder.
Operator: At this time, we have reached the allotted time for questions. I would like to turn the call back over to management for closing remarks.
Steve Wynn: Matt? Ian in Macau, would you like to add anything?
Ian Coughlan: We are just looking forward to a great year ahead.
Steve Wynn: Andy, Andrew from Las Vegas? Youve been very quiet. Ive sort of stolen your  you want to comment on 
Andrew Pascal: (inaudible).
Steve Wynn: The basics better. Matt, Marc? John, John Strzemp? I think weve given you our story and I am looking forward to the next quarter. Maybe  things seem to be coming to head in Washington. Maybe well have a more optimistic moment as business men in America the next time we all get together. Bye-bye everyone.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes todays call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q3  (2009-10-27 11:30:00) =====
Executives: Matt Maddox - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer Steve Wynn - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer  Andrew Pascal - President, Wynn of Las Vegas Ian Coughlan - President, Wynn of Macau Marc Schorr - Chief Operating Officer John Strzemp - Executive Vice President, Chief Administrative Officer
Analysts: Joe Greff - JPMorgan Rachael Rothman - Wedbush Morgan Cameron McKnight - Buckingham Larry Klasken - Analyst  David Bain - Analyst  David Katz - Analyst  Robin Farley - UBS Dennis Forst - KeyBanc 
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Wynn Resorts Limited third quarter 2009 earnings call. Joining the call on behalf of the company today are Steve Wynn, Marc Schorr, John Strzemp, Matt Maddox, Andrew Pascal, President of Wynn Las Vegas, and on the phone Ian Coughlan, President of Wynn Macau. Now I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Maddox. Please go ahead, sir.
Matt Maddox: Thank you and good morning, everyone. First, I just want to remind everybody that we will be making forward-looking statements under the Safe Harbor federal securities laws and those statements may or may not come true. So without further ado, I am going to open it up for comments by Steve Wynn, Chairman and CEO. 
Steve Wynn: Well actually, it hasnt been too bad this quarter. We were even in Las Vegas and up in Macau and although I can't say that I am noticing that everything is overwhelming, Ill say this -- that in the fourth quarter at this time in October last year as the wheels came off in September and we were getting ready to open Encore, we were saying boy, this is really tough timing. Fortunately we had a capital structure where it didnt make a lot of difference but we were going to spend money to open the hotel and we are going to open it into a yawning chasm of the recession. And we thought that 2009 was going to be really horrible and we thought that wed feel it in China and it was looking that way in the fourth quarter and we certainly feel it in Las Vegas and it was terrible in Las Vegas. And the first quarter, although because we were involved in the opening of Macau -- of Encore, rather, in Las Vegas, it sort of confirmed our worst fears. The second quarter wasnt much better.  In the summer, things started to change. Macau picked up and in the last few months, Las Vegas because of our high-end business, has -- and Im spilling over into October a little bit, but to give you a general impression, if things continue the way they are, we are going to equal or beat 2008 in Las Vegas and we are going to equal or beat last year in Macau. All things considered, that isnt as bad as it might have been and so its one of these strange -- if for example in Las Vegas with Encore we had achieved our average room rate of $300 with a 91% occupancy, our revenue per occupied room would have resulted with normal margins and $150 million more annually in EBITDA at the rate we are going. It would have been $120 million to now and another $30 million in the last 20% of the year.  So thats the kind of thing that we see. Room rates are still down because mid-week occupancy in Las Vegas has been severely compromised by the convention and meeting market. Ive been speaking publicly about some of the reasons for that but basically what is going on is people just dont -- the businesses in America are down and they are cutting back and its affecting Las Vegas. The room rates for everybody, including us, are down and that means that the people who come here are spending less for their rooms and they are spending less for everything else, whether its retail shopping or playing slot machines or other miscellaneous activities.  Because of our position in the market, we enjoy more well-to-do trade and we get the benefit of that and we do get spillover from Macau with our Asian business.  We again, Ive spent a lot of time during the road show talking about our capital structure. Its the backbone of our marketing. It allows us not to bounce our -- not to be doing lay-offs or bouncing our employees around or playing with our customer service levels. That protects our franchise until hopefully the economy improves and the government begins to help revive the U.S. economy in ways that really are effective.  In 2008, for example, to talk about capital structure and what it means, there is such a focus by the press. So many people on this call, our competitors who are on the call and the press focus so intensely on top line numbers, market share, EBITDA -- we forget for a moment with all the rhetoric that it doesnt really mean a thing. What matter is how much money is left. Youve got to pay interest. Youve really got to pay depreciation. In our business, the carpets wear out, the equipment has to be replaced. Depreciation is a real expense in our business and when you dont spend it, you are hawking the future. You are losing the kind of environment that gives these businesses their franchise.  So thats why in 2008 with so many hotels and casinos in China, for example, after depreciation and interest, we made more money than the whole gang put together. I dont know if thats going to be true in 09 but it was true in 08. Bigger is not better in our business -- better is better and the amount of interest that you dont pay allows you to have more left over for improvements, for taking care of your employees, for growing in a controlled and measured way. One other thing -- I remember talking to a very bright journalist in Asia who said that our market share, they publish these gross win numbers in China. We dont do it in the U.S.A. but its very important and the same point applies. Very often you see numbers like market share and somebody said our market share had dropped from 17 to 14, and the suggestion was that we were losing our franchise and quite exactly the opposite was true -- the way you measure the effectiveness of a casino resort, whether its in the United States or any other market, is this way -- you look at the percentage of equipment in the marketplace that each operator has and if the percentage of cash generated by that equipment to the win per unit or per table, is 100% of the percentage of the equipment that it has, then its fair share is neutral. If the percentage of cash generated by the equipment is less than the percentage of equipment, then the casino is at deficit and has less than the right market share. If, however, the casino has the revenue in excess of 100% of its percentage of equipment in the marketplace, then its effectiveness, its real market share, it has exceeded its fair share and that measures the effectiveness of each organization. And in fact, in Macau as nine casino hotels have opened, our premium over fair share has grown. I say that not so much to toot our own horn because the numbers speak for themselves but to focus people who care about analyzing what goes on in these companies to focus on the things that matter. If you have 12 hotels, you have 12 sets of interest, 12 sets of depreciation -- naturally you will have more top line revenue. But the amount of money that gets to the bottom line is quite a different story in many cases.  So Id concentrate if I were trying to analyze these companies on what was left after depreciation and interest was paid. And theres where capital structure plays such a critical role.  So companies that are paying higher and higher interest rates are on a path to having a negative fair share kind of ratio and companies that have good capital structure and run their business properly are on their way to increasing their franchise, and the franchise is measured by that premium over fair share that you get of the cash. Thats the end of my comments, other than to say Encore in Macau is completely budgeted and under control and we will finish it. Weve opened some parts of it in the last few days. We will finish opening it in April. Everything is paid out of cash flow. We are completely confident of the cost of Encore and its a little under our budget. And it is the most pretty and beautiful thing that weve ever built. Its 412 suites and villas. It has casino space, both general casino and VIP casino space. It was the first building that we had the luxury of building in Macau, where we could take advantage of our experience the past three years, what we have learned about our customers. And we took our time to do it until after we did learn about our clientele and the building was specifically designed to meet the -- what we considered to be the real, real sensitivities of the people who come to Macau who spend the real money.  And so I say its the prettiest thing weve ever done and that may be very nice for a design magazine. It certainly is another demonstration of the wonderful gifts that Roger Thomas has, our Chief of Design. But more importantly, in 100 cunning ways, it is a place that will ingratiate itself to the customers that matter most to us. It has two or three new restaurants and retail space and it has a spa that is completely unique, as far as Im concerned, anywhere.  So we are going to get a chance to enjoy the benefits of Encore in Macau starting this spring, and I think Matt, Andrew, did I cover everything?
Matt Maddox: You did.
Steve Wynn: Okay then, well take questions. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) First in line is Joe Greff.
Joe Greff - JPMorgan:   Steve, you touched upon the high-end business in Las Vegas. You didnt quite say it this way but Ill say it -- it has improved. Can you talk about the domestic high-end volume and the trends there? Have we seen a bottom and is that improving from what we know and from what we see -- I mean, international high-end has been pretty strong. And then Andrew, maybe you can just talk about how do next year group convention meetings look and even if you can touch on 2011. And then with city center opening up in less than a couple of months, how do you change the marketing or how do you change strategically the positioning of your properties, if at all? Thank you. 
Steve Wynn: There you go, Andrew, you can try and wrangle that whole set of questions. 
Andrew Pascal: Okay. So your first question, how is the domestic high-end business. We see it kind of trending as it has over the last six to nine months, so that is where we have experienced probably the most significant softening. To your point, the international business has held up well and I think we are a bit encouraged by what we have seen more recently but that high-end domestic business just has not yet returned.  As for the convention bookings going forward, I think that the dynamics of that business have changed just like every other segment. Booking windows have gotten far more compressed. Weve been obviously very active out in the market. What we are hearing is that people are going to start putting back into their budgets their group and incentive travel but they are going to wait through the first quarter of next year to see how things further stabilize. And then they will start to release some of that money to spend in the second quarter and throughout the balance of the year.  So as of today, we havent really seen any material change in the rate of pick-up but we remain somewhat -- 
Steve Wynn: Excuse me, Andrew -- in the last couple of weeks, Ive had two important cancellations. Ive seen it still go the other way. Net Jet cancelled their big poker tournament and we had another one, so the intimidation factor in Las Vegas is still in play, unfortunately. 
Andrew Pascal: I think thats definitely true, so thats another thing that we heard in the marketplace is that while people are starting to spend more money on these group and incentive travel plans, that they are still a bit reluctant to come to Las Vegas because of the stigma that it carries. They dont want to be exposed to or deal with the scrutiny -- 
Steve Wynn: And the stigma, you know, is based upon the comment that was made during the early parts of the recession by the administration that said that they didnt want the people who were getting government help to be spending it on junkets to Las Vegas. That remark has affected most of the destination resorts that had any kind of fantasy to them, like Orlando or Las Vegas, actually. When he said Disneyland or Las Vegas. 
Andrew Pascal: Your last question I think related to city center and what are we doing to plan for or counter the potential affects of city center -- you know, I would say we just are focusing on the fundamentals. You know, our firm belief is that if we just continue to focus on delivering a great experience, we keep our employees feeling comfortable and safe and that they are well-prepared to extend great service to our guests, then we will do what we can to retain that business. We know that theres not a lot that we can do to overcome peoples curiosity, so there are going to be a whole bunch of people that go and check it out and that we hope that we live up to the challenge of the comparison between what it is versus what we have created here and what we offer.  So for us and what we are really very focused on right now is just the fundamentals. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rachael Rothman.
Rachael Rothman - Wedbush Morgan: I was wondering if you could touch a little bit on the sequential increase in the operating costs that we saw between the third quarter and the second quarter and maybe what led to that? And then -- 
Steve Wynn: In what market?
Rachael Rothman - Wedbush Morgan: Im sorry?
Steve Wynn: You talking about in Las Vegas or?
Rachael Rothman - Wedbush Morgan: Just generally, yeah, if you could -- 
Andrew Pascal: Its in Las Vegas. 
Rachael Rothman - Wedbush Morgan: That would be great, yes. And then if you could talk maybe about going into 2010, any perspective on further cost-cutting initiatives and maybe the impact of city center and your ability to drive further margin expansion would be great. Thank you. 
Steve Wynn: The part about city center, heres how this works -- it always works exactly the same way, so you can watch this through these colored glasses. People go and look at a new hotel. Im certainly going to do it. Friends of mine built it. And then if they have been solicited properly, they stay there. At that point, they are treated to an environment thats got to do with all the physical aspects of the place and how they are treated by the people who work there.  If all of that comes together just right, then they have a positive guest experience. They are most apt to try it again and tell their friends and that is how you build a franchise. If on the other hand the physical aspects of the building rub them the wrong way or are not convenient or dont allow the employees to deliver first class service, the employees get agitated and nervous, the customers dont get what they want, and the whole environment tends to be a little on edge. And that tends to make people just go back to where they are more comfortable.  That is what happens with people who are adventurous and like to change. Then there is a whole group of people that are comfortable in a certain kind of hotel and they dont want to change at all.  So we are going to have a percentage of people that sort of experiments and it will really depend upon the other fellows and how the direct comparison of our place versus their places shows up on those fronts in the manners that I described.  We dont really know how they will do but if you believe that in the common sense that I tried to express just now, then you will realize what we have realized -- that the only place that we can make money is in our own hotel and the only way that we can compete with Caesars Palace, the Venetian, Bellagio or Arya is to do a better job in our own hotel. And really what they do is irrelevant. And if they cut price because they are desperate, if things dont work out right -- and certainly there are a lot of hotels that get desperate and cut prices in my neighborhood. When they get desperate and cut prices, naturally that has an effect. But usually its short-term because people that get desperate and cut prices, one of two things happens -- they wake up and stop doing it because they get smarter or the management disappears and a new group comes in that takes a saner and more long-term approach. But once again, what we are left with is how we run our own business.  You can do the cost-cutting matter if you want, Andrew. 
Andrew Pascal: Okay, so on the expense front, the quarter over quarter increase in expenses, about half of it can be attributed to utilities and property taxes and other licenses. The other half can be attributed to seasonal hires, our staffing of things like our pool areas and headline entertainment expense that we incurred in the quarter, which drove further revenue. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Cameron McKnight.
Cameron McKnight - Buckingham: This is a question for Ian or for Steve -- could you walk us through some of the different segments in the VIP and mass markets in Macau and just explain to us where you are positioned in those sub-segments versus your competitors? And then I have a few follow-ups. 
Steve Wynn: Ian, you could do that but Im not really interested in this call or any other call in getting into the interior discussion of our marketing strategies. Keep that in mind. I mean, its wonderful to cooperate with the investment community but we are not giving lessons to our competitors. Go ahead, Ian. 
Ian Coughlan: In Macau, we command the high-end of the market. We have a very strong VIP support base. We also have a high functioning mass market and we continue to market to both of those markets in the way that we have done in the past. Its all about quality. The market over the summer has seen some quite frankly aggressive and chaotic discounting more as a city of dreams defensive strategy on some of our competitors and we dont get dragged into that. We dont buy our business. We continue to focus on preservation of brand and enhancement of what we offer. We have more VIP facilities opening in a months time and we will continue to command that part of the marketplace. 
Steve Wynn: Good answer. 
Cameron McKnight - Buckingham: Thanks, and as we approach the opening of Encore, can you comment on what you expect in terms of additional cost that that will add to your Macau business?
Ian Coughlan: Frankly, looking at the marketplace with 600 keys, were quite constrained. We had the opportunity to sell an awful lot more accommodations then we were able to do currently. Our third quarter occupancy was hitting up around 90%, so our Encore accommodation can't come fast enough for us. It will allow us to capture a larger market share in the mass market. We are competing with people that now some of whom have 3,000, 1,800 rooms, 1,200 rooms, so we really need Encore to open up. We are not concerned at all about Encore being a success. 
Cameron McKnight - Buckingham: Okay, great and perhaps for Matt or Steve, what do you intend to do with the proceeds from the IPO?
Steve Wynn: Try and figure out what to do with them so that they dont get completely slammed by a dollar that is getting creamed. I mean, the dollar is being slaughtered because of our deficits and impending government spending. The biggest concern we have about our investments and the safety of our employees is federal government policy that may result in further deterioration of the dollar, huge deficits that make our assets worth less, and shrink our reserves of cash. And thats a problem that all companies have.  What we try and do I guess as a hedge is to get out of the dollar, which is a heck of a thing to say. But take a look at whats happened to the dollar -- a year ago, against the Euro we were $1.25. Now we are $1.50. If you are holding dollars, your stuff is worth 20% less. Thats an amazing decline and unfortunately thats true against things like Brazilian money and all other currencies. America is paying the price for these deficits and were holding cash to be used to protect our employees, to protect our shareholders, to give us a chance to take advantage of the future and expand intelligently. If our asset base is eroded radically by this -- these huge deficits and the resulting damage to the dollar, then our company and all other companies large and small in the United States are really severely compromised. Im afraid that its that simple. And this isnt a political speech -- its just a statement of economic fact. And we have to deal with that as business men and its tough -- tough. 
Cameron McKnight - Buckingham: Okay, great. Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Larry [Klasken].
Larry Klasken - Analyst : A couple of questions -- one, youve accumulated quite a large kitty of cash. In fact, you are probably the safest gaming investment there is with -- 
Steve Wynn: Just under $3 billion. 
Larry Klasken - Analyst : So what attracts you? I mean, you could really do anything you want and given the condition of the market, pretty much do whatever you want. Is there some market that looks more attractive to you? Would you look at another international market, buy something back at Vegas or is there anything you are thinking of?
Steve Wynn: Outside the United States seems to be -- Asia seems to be a safer investment at the moment. The uncertainty in the U.S. economy is devastating. As I just said a moment ago, our asset base has been contracted because of government deficits. And Im as much of a democrat as I am a republican but we are now talking about national policy and it impacts all of our decisions.  We dont know whats next. We dont know what is the next shoe that is going to drop. It introduces for ourselves and every other business enterprise in the United States of America an element of uncertainty and that is a very difficult thing to deal with for us. There are so many wonderful opportunities in America but when you dont know what tomorrow is going to look like in terms of taxes and regulation, then it becomes very difficult to make a long-term plan and to answer the question you just asked me. 
Larry Klasken - Analyst : Thats fair. Now, the part -- it looks like they might have put some visa restrictions back on Macau. Is there any feel where the government is going with this? Is this a temporary thing? Do you think its kind of -- 
Steve Wynn: Is Linda on the call?
Larry Klasken - Analyst : Whats that?
Steve Wynn: Linda Chen. Shes not? But Ian, you want to give the latest update on what you are feeling for as far as visas. 
Ian Coughlan: I think frankly all of the talk about visa restrictions is becoming quite an irritant because it is going on on a weekly basis. Its anecdotal commentary in the media and a lot of it is for shock value and at Wynn Macau particularly, when we look at the 51% of the visitors that come into Macau, they are from Mainland China; 40% of that 51% are on individual visitor schemes, 21 of the 49 cities are in Guangdong and that seems to be the area that people talk about where the visas are being restricted. It leaves 28 cities visas arent being restricted and we had a very, very active busy October holiday and the period after the October holiday was a classic lull after the storm and business has been picking back up again. So October is looking promising for everybody, so its a bit too early to comment and frankly commenting on it week in and week out, weve had very sustainable growth in the marketplace. Weve had a very, very sustainable recovery through the summer and most of the businesses in the city should be pleased with where things are at. 
Steve Wynn: We dont feel uncertainty in Macau. 
Larry Klasken - Analyst : Thats good. And then anything with Singapore starting to open up, do you guys even bother to take any kind of marketing or something or -- 
Steve Wynn: No, no -- thats a question that came up during my road show -- what about Singapore? Please understand this -- if the central government felt that there was a threat to its gaming revenue or its position as a destination resort, the city of Macau, they could change the visa program for Singapore in 10 seconds, which they won't need to do because in China the amount of people that want to come to Macau is so gigantic and overwhelming that its necessary for them to keep complete border and passport control at both SARs, Hong Kong and Macau. That is why they have borders and visas because if they did not, the streets of Macau and Hong Kong would be overrun by visitation from Mainland China. The central government of China in four seconds flat can change a visa policy in nine cities that are the size of Chicago and you wouldnt be able to walk in Macau. The notion that Singapore is somehow a threat to Macau because they have a better tax rate for junket operators is a notion conceived by somebody who doesnt understand how the -- 
Larry Klasken - Analyst : No, and I challenge how many of those junket operators actually get licensed in Singapore anyway. 
Steve Wynn: But thats not to say that Singapore won't be successful because of business in its own area. So please dont confuse my remarks. 
Larry Klasken - Analyst : I understand. 
Steve Wynn: The Sands and K.T. Lims company from [Genping] as I understand it have built very -- I saw the Sands project when I was there on the roadshow a couple of weeks ago and the two structures look very imposing and dramatic at Marina South. I did not see K.T. Lims place at Santosa but thats a special market unto itself. Its a 3.5 hour plane ride from Macau. Its sort of like going almost going coast to coast in the United States -- maybe from Detroit or something to Las Vegas.  But Singapore could be very successful in its own right but to be a threat to Macau is not a thing that we are worried about. 
Larry Klasken - Analyst : All right, well, Im glad to hear that and thank you very much, Steve. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Bain.
David Bain - Analyst: Thank you. Could we get your outlook on Cotai and if there is any potential timing on a build-out there? From a design concept also, how will this be different than your current offerings in Las Vegas and Macau?
Steve Wynn: We are working on the project in Cotai and I said on the road show and I want to repeat it on this phone call -- that until we are finished and that weve made the changes and we are satisfied with the end project, we won't discuss it or show it, first of all because its best not to show something until you feel theyve finished the job of designing it and secondly, wed like to give our competitors the least amount of time to learn about it. 
David Bain - Analyst: Okay. Also, if you were to win Aqueduct, can you give us a sense how that plays into the Wynn strategy? I mean, one of the negative arguments I hear is that Wynn is always the most premium property and premium gaming jurisdiction. It seems like Aqueduct is in a different category. Does this suggest change maybe in the growth strategy?
Steve Wynn: I really dont want to discuss Aqueduct per se. Wed prefer to talk about deals weve made, not ones we havent. But we are a company of professionals that operate the business of gaming establishments, some more ambitious than others. And our sensitivity to customers is the secret of our success and a sensitivity to any customer is a sensitivity to any customer, so it would be improper to think that we can only deal to one kind of customer. We do prefer when it comes to hotels in destination resort cities to cater to the top end of the market. But I want to remind you that when we were in the Golden Nugget downtown, we made more money than -- substantially more money and grossed more money and netted more money than all of Freemont Street establishments combined. 
David Bain - Analyst: Oh, okay. 
Steve Wynn: So what you are -- the question you are asking me is a direct result of the foolish kind of publicity put out by our competitors in an attempt to undermine our posture in this process in New York. But it really doesnt make any sense if you think about it. 
David Bain - Analyst: Okay, and then I know you spoke in kind of granular terms to some of the visa policy changes but just in your sense, when you speak to government officials, do you sense any potential positive or negative additional changes in the near-term?
Steve Wynn: I think that the central government in conjunction with the government of Macau takes a good look at what is going on in the marketplace, the amount of traffic going through the borders, and visitation patterns, the effect that it has on the people who live and work in Macau, and they ask themselves is our government policy increasing the standard of living and making a better life for the people who live in Macau while it accomplishes the goal of making a destination and resort city of Macau? Those are two goals. Sometimes they are consistent and sometimes they are not. What happens with this visa program is that they use it to balance the interest of these two items. 
David Bain - Analyst: Okay. 
Steve Wynn: And that does change from time to time. The last time when the visa restrictions were tightened was when the city was really markedly overheated and the people who work there couldnt afford the rents on the apartments because the landlords in this frenzy of speculation were raising rents by 100% and 200% in the same two or three month period. And although people had very good jobs with us, their standard of living was declining. 
David Bain - Analyst: Okay, thats interesting. Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Katz.
David Katz - Analyst : Two questions -- one, your corporate expense came in a little bit lower than what we were expecting and what its been running and if we could talk about the drivers there and take maybe a forward look at that. And then my second question is on the new facility in Macau, the Wynn Macau, if you could give us some thoughts or some forward-looking information on how you expect the profitability of that incremental supply to ramp, that would be helpful. Thanks. 
Steve Wynn: In respect to the last part of your question, there was a good deal of information published during our road show about the impending arrival of Wynn Macau and I think that everything youd want to know is spelled out with big back up in those documents that Matt and I -- correct me if Im wrong -- that Matt and I thought were pretty accurate.  Would you say so, Matt?
Matt Maddox: Yeah, thats right, Steve. Thats right. 
Steve Wynn: Okay, as far as corporate expenses, Matt, you can deal with that. 
Matt Maddox: Well on corporate expenses, really its just due to the cost savings initiatives that we put in place at the end of last year and largely the payroll cuts that happened from the Chairman all the way down, the 15% payroll cuts and the reduced bonuses. So I think thats the majority of the corporate expenses. 
Steve Wynn: When we cut the bonus program, we started with me. 
David Katz - Analyst : Okay, and so what we are seeing here of $8.9 million, is that something we should consider within a range of a run-rate going forward?
Matt Maddox: I dont want to make projections, David. I mean, as you can see, in the second quarter I think it was $6.7 million, so sequentially it has gone up a little bit as we look at various programs and developments, so I wouldnt assume that in this time, thats a good run-rate. 
David Katz - Analyst : Okay, perfect. Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robin Farley.
Robin Farley - UBS: I had a couple of questions -- one is on your comment about the dollar and kind of wanting to get out of the U.S. dollar, just given that the Hong Kong dollar is tied to the U.S. dollar and the [Pataka] to the Hong Kong dollar, I just wanted to understand what you might be implying about investments in Asia regarding that comment.  And then secondly, your comment, I know you made a general comment about the value of your assets but can you comment specifically on interests and there are a lot of partial projects or even just land with strip frontage in Las Vegas that -- 
Steve Wynn: Robin, I can't understand you. Youre speaking too softly. Would you repeat the second part a little louder, please?
Robin Farley - UBS: Sure. The second question was theres a lot available in Las Vegas in terms of projects partially complete or just land available with strip frontage and I know you made a general comment about assets but can you comment specifically on interest that you might have or not have in either strip frontage, either partial projects or land available for development, that kind of thing. 
Steve Wynn: Second part first -- until we understand what is going on in this country, we will not be expanding anything here. Period.  As to the first part of your question, we have converted to U.S. dollars all of the money that we generate in Asia for the past few years. Matt can comment on it but I want to stop doing that. 
Matt Maddox: Robin, were looking at various cash management alternatives overseas, not just in Hong Kong dollars but in other jurisdictions, so we are looking at a comprehensive international program to get the best returns. 
Robin Farley - UBS: Okay, great, thanks. And then just the final question on Las Vegas when you look at that little sequential up-tick in expenses as your revenues have up-ticked a little bit, you mentioned some of the things were seasonal hiring and the headliner expense. Can you give us some color on what you expect going forward? In other words, how much of the cost reduction that we saw earlier this year is going to be sustainable sequentially or how much of this other kind of little pick-up can we expect?
Steve Wynn: Well, one thing that is going to impact the company on the expense line and on the revenue line even more is the arrival of Garth Brooks in the fourth quarter. Now this event of Garth coming out of retirement and doing 15 weekends a year in Las Vegas is a big deal. He was the most successful solo performer in the world at the time of his retirement when he wanted to become a full-time dad 10 years ago or so. He has five years to go before his youngest daughter goes off to college at age 18 and he has vowed that he would take them to school himself every morning and pick them up every afternoon and by golly, he does exactly that every day. And we got him to do this by at first buying him a jet for several million dollars so that he could come and go from Tulsa, Oklahoma every Friday and go home on Sunday. And that has worked out great for Garth Brooks and for ourselves. And I think it became obvious we sold the first 20 shows completely I think in less than six or seven hours Saturday. This event has an incredible impact on the company. People are calling and coming that havent been to Las Vegas in a long time and they cover the full spectrum of people. Brooks is more than a country singer -- hes a crossover artist of enormous popularity. And as you make a deal, the most -- Robin, the most complicated part of our business, the most esoteric and difficult to predict part of my business for the past 40 years has been entertainment. Its very tricky. Its very expensive. The safest thing in the old days was to put in a show that costs a lot of money but could be amortized over a long period of time because it operated for years. And thats the program that we followed at MGM -- I mean, at Mirage before and after it was sold to MGM. Its the program that we follow with LeReve in our hotel.  But having said that, the most powerful and the most compelling, the most desirable of all forms of entertainment, is the fascinating power and charm of a great individual performer on a stage charming an audience with his performing artistry. Brooks crosses all the lines. He performs everything -- his reviews, the history of his own performance, of his own arc of growth in the music business. He goes from Ricky Scaggs to Boss Scaggs, from James Taylor to Bob Seger, from Billy Joel to Elton John. He does the whole gamut and its quite extraordinary and people who have seen the show find it incredible, and I am one of those people, so -- and Ive been doing this, going to shows and nightclubs with my father since I was 10 or 9 years old, so Brooks is a category breaker and he is coming on -- the first weekend he performs is during the national finals rodeo and then he is here again on New Years but that will be in the January 1st, 2nd, and 3rd. So we are going to have him once in December, and then we are going to have him in January and February and March and all this stuff. And naturally the expenses of Garth Brooks will be reflected in our internal operating statements in our quarterly expense loads, but so will the impact of his being in that theater, which has been quiet except for Beyonce in July and August -- its been quiet since Danny Gans passed on.  When we went in the dressing room, when Garth came to see the room, I took him to see the dressing room and it was only two weeks after Danny had died and unbeknownst to me, the family hadnt picked up Dannys belongings or no one had been in the dressing room since Danny Gans died and when I opened the door, Garth and I walked in and there were all the photographs and everything. It was a very dramatic moment. But now its Garth Brooks dressing room, so well see that sort of thing. And that kind of a thing has a pretty big effect on the company and on the top line and the bottom line and the expense line, so it looks like we made a good decision. 
Robin Farley - UBS: Outside of entertainment expenses, are there other areas or would you expect the expenses outside of that and gaming taxes to remain at current levels?
Steve Wynn: Andy. 
Andrew Pascal: I think things will kind of continue to trend as they have last quarter. 
Robin Farley - UBS: So kind of up low single digit you are saying -- in other words, trend and the rate of increase or trend flat?
Andrew Pascal: Im saying trend flat to where they are now, so our current expense rate is what we anticipate going forward. There will be some benefit in terms of the utility expense -- 
Steve Wynn: Last quarter included Beyonce, Robin. 
Robin Farley - UBS: Great. Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dennis Forst.
Dennis Forst - KeyBanc: Good morning. I have a question for Matt about upcoming quarters with the income statement. Now that Macau is 75% owned, how will you back out that portion of contribution that will go to the minority shareholders, Matt?
Matt Maddox: The way that it is disclosed now is slightly different than in the past. You actually go down to the net income line 100% and then underneath the net income line, there will be net income attributable to non-controlling interest and then net income attributable to Wynn, so it won't actually show up in the income statement but it will be right underneath. And then you will see the 27% of the Macau on there. 
Dennis Forst - KeyBanc: It will be in the income statement, won't it?
Matt Maddox: It will but Im saying it will go to net income first, which will -- as opposed to in the old days you had minority interest before net income. Now you go all the way down to net income at 100% and then underneath that you break out what net income is attributable to non-controlling interest and what is attributable to Wynn. 
Dennis Forst - KeyBanc: Okay, and -- 
Matt Maddox: And that will start next quarter. 
Dennis Forst - KeyBanc: Yeah, and then on your net debt, I think you had something over $4 billion of gross debt. 
Matt Maddox: Yeah, its 4.2, roughly. 
Dennis Forst - KeyBanc: Right, and $3 billion of cash and actually a portion of that gross debt now is attributable to the minority shareholders in Macau, maybe $350 million, $400 million? 
Matt Maddox: You can look at it like that, the 27% of the $1.5 billion in Macau. 
Dennis Forst - KeyBanc: Yeah, thats exactly how I was looking at it. 
Matt Maddox: And you would do the same with the -- Wynn Macau has roughly $1 billion of cash of that $3 billion. The $2 billion is with the parent company and its immediate subsidiary. 
Dennis Forst - KeyBanc: Okay, so then weve got to give that $1 billion a haircut also 27%. 
Matt Maddox: Correct, but the $2 billion of cash is owned 100% by the parent. 
Dennis Forst - KeyBanc: And the next question, any timing on development at Cotai?
Steve Wynn: Weve said before during the road show that we want to get Macau, Wynn Macau open in April and we dont want to overshadow anything so we are going to concentrate on Wynn Macau and keep our powder dry on Cotai until then. 
Dennis Forst - KeyBanc: Okay, so will you expect the Encore then in early spring and then -- 
Steve Wynn: I didnt say that. I said -- 
Dennis Forst - KeyBanc: -- well hear maybe a second quarter result -- 
Steve Wynn: When I am done with my colleagues designing Cotai, well share it with you. Im not going to tell you what the date is of that because I dont know. 
Dennis Forst - KeyBanc: Okay, the last question, Steve, you know more about Las Vegas than anybody -- after city center opens, would you expect any other capacity to come on in the next couple of years?
Steve Wynn: You have to ask yourself what will become of [Fountain Bleu]? Its looming next to us. Its fully erected as far as the structure goes. Its clad in this blue glass. The podium part is unfinished and the walls arent on, its open to the environment. Ive never been in it, I dont know what stage the interiors are. Its disconcerting, as you can imagine, as disconcerting as the see-through building across the street that was going to be Echelon Place. Those structures, a parking garage, energy plant, the frame of a high rise or two sit there in the desert and very much the way on Cotai some of the buildings associated with the Sands sit as see-through structures that have been abandoned for the moment. And when you look at Echelon Place and you look at Cotai, at the Venetian and at the people from Galaxy next door to Venetian with unfinished buildings and you look at the Fountain Bleu, you are reminded of the chaotic state of business. Some businesses in Las Vegas and around the world. 
Dennis Forst - KeyBanc: Yeah, what about Cosmopolitan, getting back to Vegas -- 
Steve Wynn: Cosmopolitan is another impending disaster and its being funded by a bank at the moment. I dont know that there is an owner except for the bank. And that sits next to city center and it is crammed in between in and Bellagio, so the landscape in Las Vegas is troubling and it is rife with uncertainty. And these uncertainties have nothing to do with national policy of the government -- these have to do with other factors. That would have occurred anyway. So couple that with uncertainty in the business environment in America, its tough -- tough to understand what is going on. My experience, my 40 years in Las Vegas is not serving me very well at the moment. 
Dennis Forst - KeyBanc: Okay. Thank you. 
Operator: This does conclude todays question-and-answer session. We have run out of time. Please go ahead with any closing remarks. 
Steve Wynn: Very nice talking to you all and if you are out here or you are in China, well be glad to show you around. 
Operator: Thank you for joining todays conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q2  (2009-07-31 12:00:00) =====
Executives: Steve Wynn - Chairman and CEO Marc Schorr - COO John Strzemp - EVP and Chief Administrative Officer Matt Maddox - CFO and Treasurer Andrew Pascal - President, Wynn of Las Vegas Ian Coughlan - President, Wynn of Macau
Analysts: Joe Greff - JPMorgan Rachael Rothman - Wedbush Morgan Steve Kent - Goldman Sachs Cameron McKnight - Buckingham Andrew Berg - Post Advisory Group Janet Brashear - Sanford Bernstein Susan Berliner - JPMorgan Dennis Forst - KeyBanc Bill Lerner - Union Gaming Group Robin Farley - UBS
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Wynn Resorts Limited Second Quarter 2009 Earnings Call. Joining the call on behalf of the companies today are Steve Wynn, Marc Schorr, John Strzemp, Matt Maddox, Andrew Pascal, President of Wynn Las Vegas and on the phone Ian Coughlan, President of Wynn Macau. Now I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Maddox. Please go ahead, sir.
Matt Maddox: Thank you and good morning everyone. I just want to remind everybody, we will be making forward-looking statements under the Safe Harbor federal securities laws and those statements may or may not come true. So, with that I am going to go ahead and turn it over to Steve Wynn for some opening remarks.
Steve Wynn: Hello everybody to our shareholders, who are onboard. I think it was satisfying that things seem to be stabilizing in Las Vegas and China. In spite of the sales figures in Las Vegas, we in our hotel are feeling since the end of the last quarter, since March we did feel the change in our controls and our things that we put into save money, which we do very slowly and very carefully because of our attention to our employees. They took effect as well. Those things contributed to the performance of the company, which although not started it is better than most people thought and we are feeling a little optimistic. We are very happy about China and feeling good about that too. We are even seeing our Asian business in Las Vegas still popping over here and doing nicely. So, all in all, we are satisfied, as you can be in the time, when the world is still uncertain, consumer confidence is weak. The administration is more of a problem than they are of a help usually, if you read the headlines. Everybody is frightened to death about runaway inflation, if these deficits are allowed to take place. The good news is the Senate seems to be slowing it down, but we cant see, where its good for business to have debt, as a percentage of GDP go from 30% to 60% or 70%, thats what it make as an emerging country. Maybe wiser heads prevail and the some of the things are on the table of these amazing misunderstandings and how the systems works will get slow down in Washington. Right now, we are more afraid of Washington than we are of the economy. We have got people on our back saying dont go to Las Vegas, which is preposterous and people are beginning to ignore this kind of bombastic rhetoric from the White House and from the Administration and thats encouraging. I must say that midweek, small business meetings are still very slow incoming. Sales tax revenues were off, we should expect in Las Vegas, but we do cater to a well to do customer in both China and the United States. We are benefitting somewhat from that. One of the points, I guess with regards to Encore, in Macau, its on schedule. Its on budget. Its being built out of revenue. We will open up this spring and its the best thing we have ever done in our lives. It's the most beautiful building that we have ever built and at least from my 40-year career. 10 rooms a floor and completely integrated 415, all-suite and villa hotel with its own spa, casinos and other things right smack in the middle of Macau, across from the front door of the Arc de Triomphe Hotel and MGM. So, we are in the 100% location with I think is the best offering that we have ever managed to execute. The building is all topped off and the skin is on and we are taking our time, because we did want to build it out of revenue and it had these disparate parts. It had two or three restaurants. It had retail. It had private gaming, public gaming, all the rest. We wanted to open everything at once and make a big fuss out of it. Thats exactly what we intend to do in the spring, so. Our development energies are focused on that at the moment. I think thats pretty much the state of what's going on here, the last week of July we all excited. Tonight is the opening of the Beyonce. She is spending the weekend here, making videos. She has been here for three days rehearsing. She is a very hard working woman. I can understand why she is so. Why she such a powerful and accomplished performer. She has been rehearsing for 10 hours a day, because the show she is doing here is not her concert act; it's especially designed for Wynn and Encore. She is quite remarkable and we are looking forward to enjoying her tonight and Friday and Saturday and Sunday, and she is doing things in our nightclubs and she is making the video. I think all of this is going to be very nice for us and we are having great fun within. At the end of the day, that is what we all about. Having fun and making people feel good, even if times are tricky and confusing. So, with that I think we will let the usual cast of suspects and characters take their crack at us, if they have other questions. Be nice to hear from some new people too, we can, besides our competitors, who never ask questions. I know you are all on the call. Hello, Sheldon, hello Jim, how are you all. I hope you are having a nice summer. Go ahead, take the calls.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Joe Greff of JPMorgan
Joe Greff - JPMorgan: Steve it's good to hear you, sound a little bit more optimistic than three months ago. Most of my questions relate to Macau. There are some news articles in Asia that our friends Stanley Ho talking about the Macau gaining tax rate, I guess in effort to hopefully convince people to think about lowering that. Do you think there is much support in the government to consider lowering the tax rate in light of competition in Singapore and then along the same lines with VIP junket commission capped. Do you think there is any benefit to you, I know you are not in the better 1.35%, but is there economic benefit for you that you think you can get in that environment, if you actually think it can be implemented.
Steve Wynn: First of all, with regard to the last part of the question first. We never went up there in that zone that destroys your bottom line. The fact that other people, who finally comes to a terms with the idea that they have nothing to gain by going there, is good for the market, because it allows them to preserve some bottom line and to take care of their employees, which makes so much happier town, much more stable political environment and all in all allows the people, who live in Macau to feel a little bit more secure. So, stopping junket wars and other foolishness is very much in the interest of the community. As far as ourselves go, I mean we held ourselves. We held our shares regardless; we didnt go there because we know that it is a fruitless and pointless exercise. The younger managements the ones with less experience think they can buy business and we had already prior to them going up given all the promotional allowances that were available. That is assuming you are paying the taxes, as you should legally in Macau. I suppose if you dont pay taxes you can give anything you want away, but we pay taxes. We declare all our income and when we do there is a maximum amount of promotional allowance thats available and there isnt one penny more to anybody, who is sophisticated and professional enough to be able to add. So, the caps are a good idea. The question is, will government enforce them or would they leave it to us, that is yet to be determined, but there is some sign among the operators that they have come to grips with reality. With regard to the first part of your question about tax rates, in Singapore and political issues. Is one thing for Stanley Ho, to make a statement. He is a man with a great history there and he is certainly a senior guy and he is part of this the new organization, we formed. He is the new chairman. I have great respect for Stanley, but we must distinguish between what Stanley says and what the government says. They may or may not be in sync. What is wonderful and is worth the people, who are hearing my voice to take note. Think of where you live and your government. Right now we are watching the United States government deal with complex problems that clearly seem to be beyond their intellectual ability, but the new Chief Executive Officer if, if the elections in September go as clearly they will, will be a man and think about your government, with the exception of the President himself. This man, who will take over this SAR government, it is undergraduate work in California, did his master's thesis at the University of Oklahoma in Public Health and is Doctoral Thesis at the University of Oklahoma on SMOs in 1983, when they were first new. He is a full-fledged doctor. He is a PhD with a long educational, distinguished educational history in the United States of America of understanding issues that affect people. That is going to be the new Chief Executive Officer, his name is Fernando Chui. If the election goes as most of the prognosticators consider they will. That gives you an idea in general, if that's possible in a 500,000 or 600,000 population, the Special Administrative Region of Macau. Consider then, the level of education and sophistication that permeates the Chinese, the People's Republic of China government. These are very smart people, very highly educated people, very thoughtful people. My own feeling is the government of Macau will protect and so will the central government in Beijing and the regional government in Zhuhai at Guangdong province, Guangzhou. The government will do a very enlightened and thoughtful job of protecting the interest of the citizens and the business enterprises that support the health of those businesses. In America, we have a government that has decided that anybody that creates jobs must be bad. The job creators should have a target painted on their back. What a remarkable misunderstanding of how the United States of America works. I tell you that, that is not the case in Macau. Its not the case in the People's Republic of China and maybe we could all learn a lesson by watching what's happens there. I dont know what's going to happen, Joe with the taxes at the moment, but Ill bet you. Ill bet you that government sees to it that economy and that workforce is protected. Next question.
Operator: Your next question comes from Rachael Rothman of Wedbush Morgan.
Rachael Rothman - Wedbush Morgan: Did a great job on cost control this quarter and if you could address, maybe what some of those initiative were? What percentage of our cost you would characterize?
Steve Wynn: Can you just speak a little louder please?
Rachael Rothman - Wedbush Morgan:  Yes, I apologize. Can you hear me better now?
Steve Wynn: Yes, maam.
Rachael Rothman - Wedbush Morgan: Would you mind addressing following the cost cuts that you put through this quarter maybe what some of the key areas those were in, and how we should think about the break down versus the overall cost explained and the potential for further cost reductions in Las Vegas?  Then maybe kind of what lessons youve learned in Las Vegas and can you put some of those cost initiatives through Macau and maybe some of your learnings from the opening Encore in Vegas and what you will put into practice at the opening Encore and Macau?
Steve Wynn: Andrew Pascal will respond it with regard to Las Vegas because he was the architect of such things, with his colleagues and Ian Coughlan. Go ahead Andrew, you go and then Ian will respond.
Andrew Pascal: Okay. I think what we saw in the second quarter was really all of our cost savings initiatives taking root. I think the principle one really we had to do with the way we are managing our staff. I mean FTEs were down about on average per day 650 first quarter to second quarter and we are able to manage and get there by without having to do wholesale layoffs, we did it by going to our employee group and then clear out our problems and asking for additional time-off and reduce work leads and reduced salaries. So, all the things that we talked about in previous calls, everybody here is embraced and that allowed us on the payroll side to enjoy pretty significant savings about $65,000 a day in additional savings in the second quarter over and above we already picked up in the first. There were also literally hundreds of other initiatives to save money across all of the other line items, many of them related to just operating supplies and outside services and communications and promotional expenses and then of course we went to work on all the variable expenses that we could implement in terms of our cost of sales. So, in total our savings from the first quarter that we realized in the second were just over $140,000 a day. I think that we are about, where we are going to be. The benefit that we have now is that with an operating in this more than now for four months or five months. So, we understand how to expand and contract, expand our workforce in order to address our high demand weekend business and then contract midweek in order to fit, what are the business volumes that we see midweek.
Steve Wynn: With one other remark about Las Vegas before Ian picks it up. We are $35 million behind last year through tonight yesterday. Im giving a little bit of July, for the whole year, which is not good news because we added Encore, but for the balance of this year our comparisons become much easier, because thats when the bottom filled out in September in this market. So, I think that the net effect will look a little bit little softer as we go forward. With regard to these cost savings, Andy is describing what? Andy how many millions of dollars a year would you say we took off?
Andrew Pascal: I think it's been close to $100 million.
Steve Wynn: Yes, 100 million. Thats an interesting thing to do because it means that as volumes improve, we will have much better operating margin. So, there is a silver lining to the cloud you'll learn how to run your business better, which is not only a good thing in anytime, but is particularly important, when you open a brand new hotel. I mean we took the facility from a 2700 to 4800 room. So, we're much bigger operation now and were going to get the benefit of that as the weeks go buy. I want to add this, let suppose that my group ask the people, those of us that are here, the family, let suppose we could jam another $50 million to $20 million out. I have a very close relationship with a major shareholder of this company. The institutional share holders along with myself and my partner, that control over 80% of this company shares. There is a very real question here. Is it intelligent to ruthlessly grind every last dime out of this place, when it involves dislocating groups of your employees? Yes, the quarter looks better and you have one of these fancy phone calls, what is that good business? I think not. At this point, I dont care about that last money, if it means interfering with the employees and their lives. Because thats our franchisee, thats our future and Im in the mode of protecting our assets now, which is one over $1 billion in cash, weve got. Number two the biggest asset of all my employees. So, when it comes right down to it. Im not going take the knife to the last buck, when it comes to payroll. That is the kind of company we are and I think that I have the support of few with the men, with whom I have a closer long-term personal relationship that own large chunks of this company. I think it has to be said, there comes a point in these companies in hard times. When you make a decision, is it the money or is it the people? Speaking for Wynn Resorts and you can hear me loud and clear, its the people, not the damn money. Next question. 
Matt Maddox:  Ian, do you want to address Macau?
Ian Coughlan:  Sure. Along very similar lines to Andrew, we kicked-off cost savings initiatives in Macau on a smaller scale because of the size of our property. In the second quarter, weve realized near $50 million in comp savings. Looking ahead on an annualized basis, it can climb to as much as $66 million and its ramping up as we go. What we been doing is trying to protect our EBITDA margin in the second quarter with that 28.5%. As Mr. Wynn referenced its not at the expense of our employees, the maintenance of our assets, and also development going forward. So, we have been very careful to protect that. However, looking at FTEs year-on-year, where 900 FTEs is lower than we were at the same time last year. So, we kept quality. We are a mobile five star. We continue to drive business. We have become much more productive, and we have been containing costs very effectively.
Operator: Your next question comes from Steve Kent of Goldman Sachs.
Steve Kent - Goldman Sachs: Could just talk about, Steve your strategy going into MGM City Center is opening in December or so. If there will be change in pricing for sure. It's obviously sounds like you are not going to make any changes in quality of brand or experience, but I did want to understand a little bit more on the pricing side?
Steve Wynn: Steve, we can only make money in this building. Here's what happens when a place like that opens up. This is always the same. You understand, when doing as 40 years and I had Mirage and here comes MGM at Treasure Island and all the hotels and here comes Luxury, here comes Mandalay Bay. Here is the story. Somebody does an awful lot of PR, beats the drum, uses a lot of hyperbole, as they should and tells the world that the greatest thing since sliced bread is coming down your pike, greatest hotel of all time. This has been said by all of us including ourselves. Now, the place opens up and all the people, who come to Las Vegas are very grouped, repetitious group. They want to try it. Now the first group to try it, theyre obviously the closest to the people, who go to Bellagio, are close to the management. So, Bellagio and Treasure Island and Mirage customers are all shuttled over to this place, and so are some of the win customers, who are very familiar with Bellagio, because that's what they used to be, before that there were Mirage. Everybody said oh let's go check out [Aria]. Is it everything that theyve said? Well, Im sure the building is dramatic and people walking, and go ooh ah, and look at this fancy shopping center, and look at these all the familiar brands like Louis Vuitton, Chanel and the rest. Look at this lobby. Look at this pool and then if they have been properly shepherded and led, they say, let's stay here. They check into the hotel and the minute they do that when they stop being lucky loose and they turn into a guest, then the rubber hits the road. Then the ability of management to deliver a happy joyful experience to the guest becomes the only factor that matters, not price. The hotel Aria has to charge top prices or they will vanish financially. They cant compete with Excalibur they have to charge, when the Bellagio, Wynn, Caesars and Venetian kind of prices. They are up there at the top end of the food chain. Now today delivered the top end of the food chain service and they got a workforce that feels good about themselves. The trust management they had the time and the money to do the training and to deliver to the public in the face of the new building, which is always a bit of a problem, because the system is sometimes are scratchy and not shaken down yet. Does that enterprise have the ability to create a positive guest experience? On these phone calls I have said over and over again that the only thing that matters in our business is guest experience. To the extent that any hotel offers great guest experience, it gets repeat visitations from happy customers, who also share that information with their friends and the only method that matters word of mouth begins to build the franchise. If on the other hand, they have not had the time or the money to train. If they have not seen into every detail, separate showers and tubs, two sinks, the proper amenity package, the right sheets, the comfortable mattresses, the perfect pillow cases, the thoughtful and caring housekeeping staff, the hip and together telephone operators, the friendly warm dealers, the charming people that they encounter as they move through the space. That the people, who were there trying it out turn around and go back, where they were comfortable, which leads us to the answer your question. I cannot change our program, if I want to compete with the other fellows, whatever the names are on their, signs maybe. I can only create the franchise and the joyful experience with my own guests and that probably is refrained. I'll go to right back to my last comment on why I'll do anything to press, protect the workforce. That's where the battle will be fought. It won't be over some internet price that Bellagio puts up or somebody else puts up.  We did that, when we opened Encore just to show the place how to put a lot's of people in. It's not an exercise that matters. What's the point of putting someone into an expensive room that can't afford your restaurants? These places are balanced organisms and the hip bones connected to the thigh bone, the thigh bones that also are connected to the knee bone and if they are nothing else. They have to have an organic, unified, single personality. That keeps a promise to the people from top to bottom, from check-in to asking for your car's valet. So, the guys running the City Center are my employees, my former employees and colleagues, Bill McBeth, Bob Baldwin. Do they know all this? Sure do. They opened up Mirage. They opened up Bellagio and they got the tools to open up this one. Are they hamstrung or advantaged or disadvantaged, I don't know. We're going to find out quick enough. Did they do a good job laying the place out? We will find out soon enough. Personally, I can't wait; I always get kicked out of these moments.
Operator:  Your next question comes from [Cameron McKnight] with Buckingham.
Cameron McKnight - Buckingham:  Quick questions. First, on the cost outs in Macau, was there any reversal of the bad debt provisions you took in the third quarter of last year?
Matt Maddox: No. Our policy on bad debt in both Las Vegas and Macau remain the same as the March quarter, the first quarter.
Steve Wynn: We didn't give ourselves any help, if that is what you are trying to find out.
Cameron McKnight - Buckingham: The one back in the promotional expense in Vegas, that simply driven by a slightly better operating environment, better occupancy, and no brand recognition for Encore?
Matt Maddox:  It's more reflection of getting more focused on, who we should have in the hotel. Occupancy actually was down in the second quarter relative to the first, because all those things that we did to show up the place, when we opened up Encore. We kind of work through and decided which ones we needed to discontinue and so promotional expenses were down even though hotel revenue in the second quarter relative to the first was down. Our cash based revenue was up nearly $3 million.
Steve Wynn:  You can't buy business in our industry. Now there is two kinds of people, ones who know that and ones who dont. The young ones dont know it. The older ones find out. 
Cameron McKnight - Buckingham: That probably leads into my last question. Steve, would you be able to comment just on how you are thinking about Macau and the Asian region going into 2010 and what's happening now on and how you see things panning up perhaps in the second half and into next year?
Steve Wynn:  I look forward in Macau. Im loving the place. I have always loved it for the past seven years. It has been wonderful experience after another. Im looking forward to having some of the most exciting opportunities of our lives and developing Cotai. We are going to do ourselves proud, when everybody gets to see Encore. Im going to say something, it sounds particularly self-serving and developer speak, but I've never been more serious in my life. The Encore hotel in Macau is the prettiest building of its kind in the world. I dont believe there is another hotel tower remotely close on this planet to that 415 suites and villas that we are going to open up this spring. It is quite stunning. The smallest room is a thousand square feet. Even the spas, the eight spas, each one is an individual spa. As if you had your own spa. The villas have their own little casino rooms. Everything about it is a result of all the wonderful lessons and experiences that we've learned these past seven years. I know it was very difficult being brand new in Macau, as some of our friends are finding out. Its not quite as simple just to slide into town and build a big hotel. You need more information. When we had information, then we did Encore. I am very, very proud of the way we took advantage of it. I think that the Encore tower when it debuts in a few months it is going to give people a really clear insight as to what we will do next and the level of which will be operating in China. Its a great place to do business, really wonderful and none of the anxiety we have at present time in America. I've been self-assuring my employees up to 40,000 of them for four years and everything I am reading about Obama Care is a train wreck and I say that there is an insurer of train wreck.
Operator: Your next question comes from Andrew Berg of Post Advisory Group.
Andrew Berg - Post Advisory Group: We've read some article recently about government agencies and traveling to Vegas, is there anything that you are doing individually or probably CVA is doing on behalf of the city to proactively go back to government agencies to market the value prospect that is gaming, or that is a convention in Las Vegas.
Steve Wynn: Well our senior Senator is a son of a majority leader. You think that we'd have a leg up on this. He's a democrat and he's a son of a majority leader. We got the government on our back, not just us in Las Vegas but all business, they are on our back. There is an attitude that, there is a very definite bias in this administration that business is bad. Havent you noticed. I dont know how long it is going to take me to get over this, but its awful. You know we call Harry on the phone and ask for help, and he is very sympathetic. It is always a question how much reach you have in these matters. The President of the United States has his own office and he has his own group of little cadre of people that agree with him and look at the world just the way he does and they dont listen to anybody from what I've heard from my business friends. They invite people down to Washington and tell them what they think, they dont ask or listen to anybody.
Andrew Berg - Post Advisory Group: Okay, but at this point there is nothing you want thats an individual program that LVCVA may be doing to proactively trying to address it, that they may want to do.
Steve Wynn: No. No. Andrew, Andrew is on the Board of the LVCVA. I think may be you should answer that.
Andy Pascal: For months, the LVCVA was actually very quick to respond and they organized a multi facet effort focused on PR, advertising, political outreach. They came around to all the various operators and worked with each of us to refine our messaging and identify what it is that we could do in order to kind of support people coming back and recognizing that Las Vegas is a legitimate place to come and do business. The LVCVA, I believe, has done a terrific job and responding to these issues. So, I think some of those things have made the difference and that continue to so.
Operator:  Your next question, it comes from Janet Brashear of Sanford Bernstein.
Janet Brashear - Sanford Bernstein: Thank you. I wonder if I could ask about your growth plans. Specifically if you were to raise money in Asia. How would you plan to reinvest that money and is that money necessarily limited outside the US? Secondly, what opportunities are you considering right now that you might not brand Wynn, and what is your strategy about growing without the Wynn brand name?
Matt Maddox: This is Matt Maddox, Just on the first question, we are actually in a quiet period, and we can't provide any comments on that filing that we put out about 30 days ago. On future developments and other opportunities, I'll turn that over to Steve.
Steve Wynn:  It is the policy of our company to do one thing at a time and try and do it well. Consolidate that thing, and then move on to the next thing, having hopefully learn something to make the next thing better. And that is what Encore represents, both in Las Vegas and Macau. We are participating with enthusiasm in the process in New York. I came back last night with my colleagues. Weve been there heavily for the past several weeks and months we designed this. We put ourselves forward, hope with respect, hopefully its an alternative, its create a new experience and now put a grace way. To take the concept of the [Racino], as it is currently understood to be, which is basically a large clubhouse or room full of video lottery terminals; into something beyond that, a place that integrates food and beverage and retail and entertainment and makes it fun to go to even if you are not a video lottery terminal player. A place that is compliment to its neighborhood, a fun and exciting location to have recreational activities with and hopefully at the same time to give the aqueduct environment, at least a club house with aqueduct. A chance to be a place where people will also be able to go and watch the races by because that's close integration into our new facility that we designed and shown the government. We have been given the opportunity to make a presentation, to make a submission and as a matter of fact I spent the day, the last several days in New York doing exactly that with my top management associates. So here we are trying to see if you can get our flag up in the big A and be a good neighbor and do something constructive and helpful and have people think that they are glad we came, after we have there for a while. This is a same attitude we got in Macau. How could we possibly get ourselves to the point where people say, we are glad they came here. They have been good neighbors, they have built a nice place. It's fun to go there. The restaurants can all be attended by children without walking through casinos. The recreational facilities are accessible to people without having to deal with rows and rows of slot machines or something. So we are taking that idea, a completely new idea to New York and we may not win. We may be -- someone else may be selected there such as seven others, very aggressive groups of folks and they are trying to do it, but we are taking the pass in the New York anyway, up or down.
Janet Brashear - Sanford Bernstein: Can I try the first part of my question in another way and just ask what your growth plans are in Asia?
Steve Wynn: We are lucky enough to have a very large parcel of land in Cotai and clearly that represents our next move in China. There is no other jurisdiction available in Asia that would warrant a Wynn resorts focus. If someday Japan would consider a destination resort we would be on it in a heartbeat. Taiwan would be a place that would require at least some examination, but at the moment we are thrilled to be where we are. We were so concerned about doing a good job in Macau, that seven months before the opening in Macau, on thanksgiving weekend, Macau opened the following September. As much time as I had spent in Singapore and as I read it, I regarded that community. I regretfully withdrew from Singapore in a letter to the government and in that letter I explained that Singapore was entitled to the best efforts of a first rate developer. That those the best efforts meant that there had to be focus and concentration. That we were a company that feared that if we were doing two things at once we might dilute our focus and that our concentration might be less that what it should be and then we would shortchange Singapore and our own shareholders. So, regretfully because of the commitment I had made in Macau I had to withdraw. Hopefully someday I could come back and they had done a great job and may be someday we would be part of that scene. I was drew from Singapore, when at the time we were a very active participant, a very active participant, because I had made a promise in Macau and we keep our promises. Well, I think that isn't much. That was a decision made by my Board of Directors, everyone of them, the men and the women on the Board were of a single mind on this point and I don't think anything I that and management as well. I don't think that Linda Chen is on this call and Allan Zeman, they are both in China at the moment. Oh, Linda is traveling but Allan's is somewhere in the audience listening and Allan, I am sure we are speaking for the Board. Everybody is, I would say, our position hasn't changed at all. If you know how to do a thing, it only counts if all of your experience comes to bear like a karate chop on a single moment. If you know how to do the thing, but you're trying to do five of them at once, that delusion makes you totally ineffective. I think, in a competitive environment that we live in today and all the other factors we have to deal with, you better have your act together. You better really have you ducks lined up, because you are going to loose sight in a minute? Take a look at some of the competitors up and down the gaming industry. Almost any of them, would have been loose focus, what happens if we forget fundamentals? Trouble, trouble, trouble. We wanted to avoid that. We have so far and we are continuing to do it. That's my answer to your question about tomorrow.
Operator: Your next question comes from Susan Berliner of JPMorgan
Susan Berliner - JPMorgan: Thank you. Just two quick questions. One, I was wondering if you could comment what your competitors are doing on the promotional front in Vegas. I know you had said you have pulled back some. Steve also the timing that we will learn, who wins Aqueduct?
Steve Wynn:  Good question, to win Aqueduct. The Aqueduct process the schedule is a bit unclear. The end game of that is unclear. A decision will be made by the Governors office, the Senate, the representative of the Senate and of course the Assembly. The process that they are going through, now they had 16 or 17 of their staff going through the proposals and questioning the applicants this past week. I think it concludes of Friday. For how long and what form the deliberation will take and whether there will be second request for conversation has not been made finally clear to us. I think that the Governor and the Senator and the Assembly Speaker are waiting to see what it is their staffs report back to them. So I cannot give you a definitive answer to question one. Andy do you know of anything about our competitors? We dont much attention to our competitors except what we read in the paper.
Andrew Pascal:  How do we look at all of their promotional offers. Its all the stuff that traditionally everybody else does. They are deep in discounting rates, they are providing all kinds of other services as packages to try and entice people to come. We tend to focus more on what works for us and the kinds of customers that we are attracting and how it is that we can get them to come more frequently or stay a bit longer and spend more money while they are here. So beyond that I cant comment on that.
Operator: Your next question comes from Dennis Forst with KeyBanc.
Dennis Forst - KeyBanc: Good morning. Mainly I, wanted to ask about capital expenditures. There were a $125 million in the second quarter and wanted to see how that was divided between Macau and the US and then going forward where those numbers are going fallout? The large majority of that was the Encore. So, about $50 million was retention payments for Encore Wynn Las Vegas just finalizing that job. Another approximately $50 million for Encore at Wynn Macau and then that remaining $25 million, we are doing a lot of renovations in Macau, a new Chinese restaurant, a couple with VIP rooms.
Steve Wynn: Really, part of that thing that we are opening next spring.
Andrew Pascal: Yes. All really part of our Encore. Thats the large majority and that over 100 million of that are embedded in the Encore budget and in terms of maintenance CapEx, the numbers remain $25 million to $30 million in Las Vegas on an annualized basis and about the same in Macau.
Dennis Forst - KeyBanc: Okay and then how will the spending go on Encore Macau? If that should be ramping up right as we speak I would have seen?
Andrew Pascal: I am sure you noticed, that our budget over that was actually revised down $50 million from last quarter. We are not $700 million, we are now looking at closer to 650 million. We spent approximately $310 million to date and you are right thats going to ramp up between now and when we open, which is in early spring. Then you have 90 to 120 days of construction cost that come after opening of course.
Dennis Forst - KeyBanc: Yes.
Andrew Pascal: So, that additional $300 million will probably be spread over there in almost the next year.
Dennis Forst - KeyBanc: Yes, the next four quarters as you said with Las Vegas Encore, you are still paying off the bills?
Andrew Pascal: Thats exactly right.
Dennis Forst - KeyBanc: Okay, good enough. Then can you give us a tutorial on the tax rate. I have never been able to understand how you calculated. My understanding was you dont pay any taxes in Macau. So its basically 35% of income from the Las Vegas properties, offset by the interest expense that you pay in the US borrowings, which would mean no taxes?
Andrew Pascal: Yes. I will tell you what. We had about 42% or so effective tax rate this quarter. I'm sure you can read in any literature, quarterly tax provision are pretty much, is they are hard to calculate because you calculate taxes on annualized basis and then you have to back those off. What happened was we made more money domestically than we had initially projected back at the beginning of the year, and so that caused our effective tax rate in the second quarter to be higher than what we initially projected though we had provide for a larger provision.
Dennis Forst - KeyBanc: Okay and if I remember in the first quarter, there was a positive tax provision also ,wasnt there?
Andrew Pascal: Yes there was. 
Dennis Forst - KeyBanc: What was that related to though? That was not
Andrew Pascal: If you remember we had made $32 million in EBITDA in the fourth quarter of '08, $43 million in the first quarter of '09, so we are projecting quite a large loss domestically, on a very conservative basis. I think things picked up and so what you found was the loss that we were going to achieve was a benefit and as we made more money, we actually didnt had to back off that and report a provision.
Dennis Forst - KeyBanc: Okay.
Andrew Pascal: So, that was picking up on a forecast that was much more conservative back in December.
Operator: Your next question comes from Bill Lerner of Union Gaming Group.
Bill Lerner - Union Gaming Group: Thanks. How are you guys. Two questions, the first is regarding, hey can you here me Steve, I'm sorry.
Steve Wynn: I said hi.
Bill Lerner - Union Gaming Group: Hi. The first is regarding Danny Gans, obviously and fortunately, I'm sure there was a direct and an indirect impact of his absence in that theatre in this quarter, I dont know if Andy or Matt could quantify that opportunity cost and Id like to hear your thoughts on what generally you might do there going forward. Obviously we know you had Garth there and I am sure your doing it with Beyonce temporarily, but any thoughts would be helpful and I have a follow-up. 
Steve Wynn: The entertainment policy that would be related to the use of the Encore Theater is a work in progress at the moment. Beyonce is a very special kind of event. We have $65 million worth of cash, front money and credit in this building, in the next four nights. This is what to, we put Beyonce in here on the toughest weekend other than December 19 of the year. We did it on purpose. Conventions and stuff like that start first part of August. We picked a real trough in the traditional revenue seasons. She is a special event as opposed to an ongoing entertainment event and a remarkable, and as I said, lovely, lovely lady. Danny Gans provided sort of a four-show a week staple that backed up some of our restaurants, the tickets made money, not a lot. It was more of a four-wall deal. We couldn't lose any money and we made ourselves $1 million or $2 million a year on the showroom and then we got the benefit of the people coming through the place. So that when you take, pick that away, it isn't a cataclysmic event by any means. It is personal loss, but it is not something that hit our P&L very hard. It's better to have Danny, of course, for a whole bunch of rather nonmaterial reasons, then to not have him.  What we do with that showroom is very interesting. I should tell you that we own the life rights to the Bee Gees. We are working on a show about that. Garth Brooks was here as a friend. He didn't charge. That was just a buddy singing. As a matter of fact Garth has come here tonight to watch Beyonce, with his wife, Trisha Yearwood and his three daughters. They are going to sit with me and I think that god probably wants this stay at home dad and takes his kid to school every morning. He really does this actually, take his children to school every single morning. An extraordinary fellow, really extraordinary and so we are looking to use this showroom intelligently. It's a perfect space, it has perfect acoustics and there are number of people we are talking to, we haven't made the deals, so we keep our cards as close to our vest. So we talk about deals we made as opposed to deals we haven't made. Andy, I don't know you have anything to say about, Andy, no, I think that's pretty much story about it. 
Bill Lerner - Union Gaming Group: Okay, thanks
Steve Wynn: Entertainment isn't what it used to be Bill. Entertainments is not the moving factor in this city anymore as important as it was for Siegfried and Roy, [and Mystere]. As lovely it is to make $2 million a month with $25 million with Mirage. I must said you that the movers, the things that are moving this town now are food and beverage, hotel accommodations, service, the public is getting very sophisticated. And rather than watch a show they want to be part of it. Maybe that will help explain the $700 million in night club revenue that has appeared in this city, maybe $800 million since the millennium. An entirely new phenomenon, in every city in America including Las Vegas and might add every city in Europe. The idea that kids go out at nights, adults and kids alike and then want to dance and hoop it up in a nightclub with their part of the action, as opposed to sitting in the chair watching someone else hoop it up. So we had a sea change here. The late shows in Las Vegas have been impacted by the nightclub scene. Las Vegas at the moment is the center of the nightclub universe. Harvey Nash travel magazine said the hottest club on earth is XS at Wynn. Im delighted that they said it. Just in four nights last year, in four nights did $41 million, open from 10 till 4 in the morning with a 70% profit margin.
Bill Lerner - Union Gaming Group: Four nights a week so?
Steve Wynn: Four days a week, excuse me Thursday, Friday, Saturday and Sunday, $41 million. What an incredible thing that is. I think we made $28 million before we made Victor Drai, my god that is as good as Siegfried and Roy were. Working six nights a week. I mean it is amazing, but those things change and we have to be agile. That is why I worry about my workforce being agile. So that is what is going on Bill, things are changing.
Bill Lerner - Union Gaming Group: Thats great thanks Steve and I just had one follow up and a quick one on Macau just trying to gauge whether there has been an opportunity cost of not having the new Encore until the spring. In other words have you been capacity constrained at VIP at all in any facet of Wynn Macau you'd say?
Steve Wynn: What do think, Ian?
Bill Lerner - Union Gaming Group: I understand the credit dynamics there, so that is fluid?
Steve Wynn: My own instinct would say no.
Ian Coughlan: I think as business ramps up towards the end of the year we are opening at the perfect time. So I think right now we could do with more rooms on the weekend for sure and more gaming space, but next year we will be a telling year and business will be back to a more normalized level. So we are opening at the right time.
Operator: Your next question comes from Robin Farley of UBS.
Robin Farley - UBS: Great thanks. I wonder if you could give us a little more color on what drove margins in Macau outside of the cost savings and then can you talk a little bit about cost savings, was there an increased level of direct VIP business, Andy, can you put a color on that?
Andy Pascal: The revenue mix was fairly consistent with the last quarter. Ian pointed $166,000 a day, that's $15 million just for the quarter. So, I think if you're trying to compare the first quarter versus the second quarter that's really the margin difference. That was all in the things that the operational people implemented.
Robin Farley - UBS: Andy, are you saying that's a mix of direct VIP was the same in Q1, Q2 or? 
Andy Pascal: That hasn't really changed that much, the mix of direct versus junket business.
Operator: We have reached the allotted time to take questions. I hand the call back to you for closing remarks.
Steve Wynn: I hope we have been responsive. If we haven't, everybody knows our phone number. If it's based upon what we published today, so it was nice to talk to you all. Have a nice week and if you're in the neighborhood give us a call. If you're an investor, we will get you in to see Beyonce.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q1  (2009-05-05 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Matt Maddox  CFO and Treasurer Steve Wynn  Chairman and CEO Andy Pascal  President, Wynn Las Vegas, LLC Ian Coughlan  President, Wynn Resorts (Macau), S.A. Linda Chen  President, Wynn International Marketing, Ltd Scott Peterson  SVP and CFO, Wynn Las Vegas, LLC Tom Breitling  SVP, Strategy and Development
Analysts: Joe Greff  JP Morgan Steve Kent  Goldman Sachs Dennis Forst  KeyBanc Tom Marsico  Marsico Capital David Katz  Oppenheimer
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Wynn Resorts Limited first quarter 2009 earnings conference call. Joining the call on behalf of the company today are Steve Wynn, Marc Schorr, John Strzemp, Matt Maddox, Andrew Pascal, President of Wynn Las Vegas and on the phone Ian Coughlan, President Wynn Macau. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks there will be a question and answer session. (Operator instructions). Now I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Maddox. Please go ahead, sir.
Matt Maddox: Thank you and good morning everyone. Before I turn it over to Steve I just need to remind everybody that we will be making forward-looking statements under the Safe Harbor provision of Federal securities laws and those statements may or may not come true. So with that I am going to go ahead and turn it over to Steve for opening remarks. Steve Wynn I am going to led Andy Pascal talk about Las Vegas operations in a minute and we will do the same thing separately in Macau. Generally speaking I know that the most important question on everybody's mind must certainly be, well, how long is the, this retarded revenue and squeeze on Las Vegas going to last? Do we see any change? I know that MGM on their call were ebullient yesterday. I think that I am still going to be a little reticent to go, in that sense. I think that the economy is bouncing around I am not quite sure whether the stimulus package has been effective yet or if it's in effect. So I am cautiously optimistic that may be we have seen a bottom. One of the things that that has marked this extreme recession in Las Vegas since September has been that the booking window normally around 70 to 90 days shortened dramatically down into the 30-day range or even some cases less last fall. We notice that as a mark of the times. And during April we saw the bookings window stretch back towards the 60 to 90 day range. And that meant that our occupancy would be strengthening, our advanced bookings strengthened, it allowed us to have little bit more running room and adjusting rates. We are still substantially if you look at our numbers we are still below what we were a year ago but we are back in the 90s and that's with additional room inventory of over 2,000 extra rooms. So in the Las Vegas center. So I am glad about that. And the controls we put on costs has finally started to kick in this quarter and we have avoided the more dramatic layoffs that our competitors have used and instead have adopted a slower but I think in the long run more intelligent approach in terms of taking care of our employees and what I think might myself and Warren Buffet because I heard him say at the (inaudible) meeting this weekend to share the pain approach which means that we go to 32 weeks, early outs and things like that, in order jobs can be protected to the greatest extent possible and they keep their insurance and their paycheck even if it's been reduced. And we cut salaries and eliminated bonuses and did a whole bunch of things like that, and took 75 or 100 million out of the operating expenses. So we are happy about that and it's showing up in the current period. As to how long I think it's going to last, I have this general observation about human nature, which has always been consistent with the behavior of people even if they came to Las Vegas. And that is that folks tends to want a return to their normal habitual behavior, their preferences that they had before a crisis or an interruption. And if I can invent sort of a metaphor, if it takes negative energy or bad news of a quantity ex to deflect people from their normal behavior for a year, then, and you want to deflect people in a similar way for two years, the energy can't remain the same. You would have to increase it by fivefold. People will resist change and want to go back to their normal behavior. And unemployment in America is climbing and the administration has got to deal with that. But there is still a lot of people that do have their jobs and they come to Las Vegas and we are seeing that now. And they want to do what they always did. So I think the perfect example of that would be the bombing of the London during World War II during the first six months people ran for the air raid shelter when is they heard the buzz bomb coming over. By the end of the first year people were in the bars and the pubs listening to the sound of the bombs until they heard the noises stop and if they calculated it was close they ducked under a table and made sure not to spill their beer. So folks and that seemed to have been repeated in Baghdad. It was repeated in Tel Aviv with suicide bombers and we are certainly seeing a robust activity. This past weakened in Macau and Las Vegas were some of the strongest weekends I have ever seen in my life. We had a (inaudible) and we had huge business which is not to say that that will continue every day but we have been noticing that the weekends are getting very strong again and convention business was impacted, no question about it. And as soon as the chief executives in the businesses in America stop being intimidated by the administration and their comments. And I am hoping that the President will address tourism and travel because frankly speaking the people that voted in the democratic party for the main part work in the tourism and travel industry as cooks and waiters and housekeeping all over America and this recession is very much affected all the restaurant employees, hotel employees, people that by and large are earning between $30,000 and $40,000 a year and have children to support and they are being hit very hard not only by this recession but by Federal policy that has discouraged travel for the most part. It's been very schizophrenic. And I have criticized this in the past and I am doing it again because I think that the administration has not been mindful nor is the Congress of the negative impact on so many people that voted democratically in the last election. So that's my overview. I think that China has been less affected than the United States. The junk in operators are being very careful. They lent a lot of money last year and they got a tremendous amount of cash out in the form of loans and I think they are being more conservative this year in giving out money so that they will be sure not to get stung by non-pays. That's a good sign though that they are being conservative. People who stay on the gambling business long enough stop trying to use credit as a marketing tool. They stopped giving money to people who are unlikely to pay. That's an earmark of the inexperienced casino executive and as time goes by if the people who have these positions survive and don't get fired or thrown out they tend to behave in a predictable and responsible way. And I am glad to see junket operators these stars are doing that. We don't have very much money outstanding. We don't let the junket operators get ahead of us. Our other competitors in Macau have enormous amounts of money out that exceed the commissions that the junket operators receive in one month. That's a very dangerous position. We don't do that. At the end of every month they owe us nothing and we owe them nothing and we keep it that way. So those are the general over views. I think that Las Vegas is going to survive all this. I think a lot depends on government spending and whether it's really focused at job creation or whether it's scattered and unfocused. I think that we are going to see across the country but mostly in Las Vegas, we are going to see return to consumer confidence which really affects Las Vegas. When and if the American public believe that Washington is spending these huge amounts of their money wisely and in a way that does produce a return to a decreasing unemployment number. That's the one that's going to have the most impact on Las Vegas believe it or not. To the extent that the administration can show that the job creation is enough to stem the increasing tsunami of unemployment as it climbs past ten that's when I think the recovery in America and that's when Las Vegas will see a return. Consumer confidence is a very important factor in what happens in Las Vegas and the way people plan trips, in the way they plan meetings and any other convocations that have to do with exchange of information and then the demonstration of products. As long as people are frightened the money stays on the side and it can't be spent on meetings and conventions and other intelligent activities. With that I think I will have Andy talk about Las Vegas in more detail.
Andy Pascal: So at the risk of being redundant here, first quarter really had three key areas of focus for us. I mean the first part of the quarter in January we were focused on launching Encore and understanding how to operate it and integrate it into Wynn Las Vegas and how to just optimize its overall performance. Once we got past the initial opening we then turned our attention to focusing and bearing down on our operating expenses and defining our overall cost structure. Most of those measures we kind of touched upon and were implemented in the latter part of February and in through March and then March saw us shift our focus to really optimizing the composition of business that we are bringing in. We absorbed over 2,000 rooms and a whole lot of additional capacity in a very challenging market and so we tried a bunch of different things through the early part of the quarter which then gave us an opportunity to start evaluating each of them, which of those strategies and tactics made sense and which of them didn't. So we can refine our approach and really start to improve the composition of the people that we were accommodating. And so I think that the performance in March started to reflect what we think is more in line with what we think our forward performance will be. So with that said.
Steve Wynn: So I think if you normalize a whole percentage and get rid of the non-recurring special expenses we would be in the 70s in Las Vegas. We probably would have made little more than low 70s, which would have put us up there with equal performance or perhaps better than most anybody in town and we actually would have done a little better than last year incredibly. And considering we added another hotel here that's the least of what we should be doing. We didn't see that in December and January. And now we are getting ready to adjust the company so we get an appropriate return on our investment in Encore. Ian, are you on the phone, my boy. There's Ian Coughlan in Macau. Do you want to talk about Macau, and tell me what you think?
Ian Coughlan: Sure. Since the turn of the year our volumes have stabilized, it's still a define weekday weekend market, either its frictions remain in place. What we've known as the gap on a month-to-month basis between visitor arrival last year and this year is narrowing. And refill pays are trending up in terms of volumes are head count to foot count and our slot program here continuing to go from strength-to-strength. Non-gaming revenues are steady. April this will be a softer month, but we had a reasonable business. And we are looking forward to a strong May. We have two holiday periods and five weekends. And we also introduced a series of cost efficiencies which will start to see the benefit of in this quarter and we are being conservative in credit issuance which you've already describe and overall things are pretty steady here.
Steve Wynn: Ian, I am going to ask Linda Chen, who is a Head of Wynn International, Chief Operating Officer in Macau and who is here in Las Vegas today because we are going to have our annual meeting of stockholders here in two hours. Linda, you have probably as much insight into the high-end part of China. You opened Mirage in 1989. You opened Bellagio, you opened MGM, you came back to us from Bellagio. You are the Senior President of this company with international marketing and the operation of all of our marketing in China. What are you seeing? How do you feel about this?
Linda Chen: I think the first quarter in '09 of course, a lot of it was down partly by the economy but a big part is by design because we don't want to be more careful with credit.
Steve Wynn: You say by design. Or your design?
Linda Chen: Our design and the junket operator being very careful and responsible with credit and everyone even customer wise they want to be more careful on what they spend on gambling money, discretionary.
Steve Wynn: We have high-end players in both America and in the People's Republic of China. And these are people by and large who still have money and haven't lost their jobs. That's the good news and the bad news in our company and what that means is they are smart people and as far as I know most everybody who is intelligent has kept their cash in their pocket more than they would ordinarily to be cautious and be careful and to not behave in such a way would be reckless and really mysterious behavior if you were watching what was going on in the world in the past four, five months and if you didn't pull in your lines you were a dope as near as I can tell. Scott Peterson, our Chief Financial Officer from Macau has returned home in the last month and has taken up his position back in America. And, Scottie, you and Linda regulated the credit in China and you dealt with all of these major we had the best junket operators. The other hotel operators have good wins, in many cases they are the same but we have a very wonderful group of people that we have partnered with. It's a family affair in China for us. What's your thinking about this situation in China from your perspective, Scott?
Scott Peterson: I mean, I agree with Linda. We were all very cautious at first and watching both our customers behavior as well as the world's and we adjusted our policies together. And the volumes did go down but I think now they are starting to come back and as we cautiously view the world and discussions with the six-family members we have then we have been slowly coming back to what we were before but it was still a slow process.
Ian Coughlan: Offshore. What I have seen is very interesting. In China the customer themselves especially in our high-end play are still coming. Our headcounts are exactly what they were a year ago. The difference is that they are much more cautious in the size of their bet. They are still coming every single night, every single weekend. They are playing but they are very careful of their gambling spend, spreading it out.
Steve Wynn: Andy what do you say that sort of fits the description of our big customers, too.
Andy Pascal: Yes. If you look at high-end business, they are still coming and they are more cautious.
Steve Wynn: And it's reflected itself in whole percentage, the length of play has shrunk. I am happy to say not in May but we have noticed it. So more and more you see that Las Vegas isn't so much different than the rest of the world at the end of the day. I know we don't have scripted meetings in this company and we don't have scripted calls. So having, asking my colleagues questions and sharing with those of you who are listening both our competitors and our investors is I still think a healthy thing to do. The exchange of information in the industry leads to intelligent, competitive, intelligent management and operational decisions. There is nothing wrong with that. And we have an open dialogue with most of our colleagues in the other companies as we all try and deal with a problem. After all whether in Las Vegas or Macau you are in Las Vegas and it is a community of resorts that are very interdependent. Whether we admit it openly or not, if Bellagio or Caesar's Palace or the Venetian in trouble you can bet we are two. I am not talking about capital structure now, those are strategic decisions that are independent but in terms of revenue levels and the way we handle credit. If someone is being reckless it's bad for all of us and it chills the whole system. This whole interdependency depends upon exchange of information in central credit, it depends upon standards of discounting not price fixing but a recognition of reality. There's a Monday morning. There's gravity to all of this. So this can't just go around free swinging. So we tends to talk to one another and these calls once every 90 days have let the digital world accelerate that because I am sure that the boys from MGM and Sans are listening and Harris because of the Las Vegas scene and because of China and that's a good thing. And I think they are all behaving. We are all acting and seeing very much the same thing. Now depending on what we are doing our capital structure some of us are a little bit optimistic and little more aggressive in our speech than others but basically we live in the same world and if Jim Murray and Bobby Baldwin think that we are bottoming out, maybe it's true. I hope so. You think it's bottoming out? Do you think we have seen a bottom, Andrew?
Andy Pascal: It's a slow answer. It's hard to say. Clearly the rate of decline has slowed down. Thing have been stable for the last six weeks. So there's not enough data to draw that conclusion.
Steve Wynn: Let's make a forward-looking statement. As you and Tom Brighton look at reservations how does it feel to you for June-July.
Andy Pascal: I am still uncomfortable. The booking window is clearly still year-over-year is much shorter than it was which makes it a lot more difficult to predict how the summer is going to shape up.
Steve Wynn: But it's longer than it was before.
Andy Pascal: Little bit. Not materially.
Steve Wynn: You don't think materially.
Andy Pascal: No, we don't. If we look at it and break it down by segment it's still significantly shorter than it was for the same period last year. And all that does it means that we less visibility and that's been the case now for the last four or five months. So, clearly things, the fundamentals have improved over the last six weeks and we hope that continues going forward through the summer and that we have 
Steve Wynn:  that the booking window had stretched a little, did I misunderstand you.
Andy Pascal: Certain things, Steve, what you have, I think you have the deal seeking customer and so the once that are buying packages are definitely following the similar trend of booking out but in general.
Steve Wynn: So it's shoppers that are booking out.
Andy Pascal: Yes, that's right.
Steve Wynn: There's another, the industry has certainly been impacted by the Internet age. More and more of our reservations are coming through the Internet whether it's our own Web site or people like Travelocity and hotels.com, Expedia, of course, and they are shopping. The Internet is a giant buyers cartel. Maybe it will get regulated by the government one day. I think we should start taking questions.
Andy Pascal: Tom, maybe you want to bring an update on Macau Encore.
Tom Breitling: Macau Encore we've been told we will receive the building on April 30. We were going to open up part of the building earlier and then the rest during the spring. I made a decision to do it all at once for two reasons. First of all, to have a bigger impact, to have a kind of a moment where we revealed Encore the same way we revealed this one which gives its best moment. This business is opening new hotels you really have to do it right if you want to give them the best opportunity for success. And so I extended the opening to the April 30. So we are going to get the building on April 30. It will allow us to open it with a few practice weeks right at the beginning of May. So we are exactly 12 months out on Encore. And it's looking, I think it's the most beautiful thing we have ever done. It's going to be very well-received. It's 404, 4 or 5, all suites, the smallest rooms 1,000 square feet. It's a completely separate, completely self contained place. It has its restaurants, spa, general casino, retail, it has VIP rooms of very extraordinary nature and we are excited about it. And we think that that's the amount of incremental business that we should have. We don't want to over expand Macau. We have a certain niche there and we want to keep it and Encore was designed to augment and increase our leverage at the top ends of the market. So, it will take us to 1,000 rooms. But it will also give us the finest rooms in Asia without exception. They are all quite extraordinary. And I think that brings us up-to-date on stuff that I could, an overview. Now times for questions.
Operator: (Operator instructions). Your first question comes from the line of Joe Greff of JP Morgan.
Joe Greff  JP Morgan: Good morning everyone. Steve, your comment about adjusting for holding non-recurring item in the first quarter for Las Vegas that that would kind of put you in the vicinity of a low 70 million EBITDA range.
Steve Wynn: 72.
Joe Greff  JP Morgan: 72. So that basic is adjusting hold normal, applying sort of a margin structure or applying an operating expense structure relating to the changes you made in February and March.
Steve Wynn: Andrew, why don't you explain this.
Andy Pascal: That's really just normalizing our hole percentage and then taking out all the extraordinary expenses related to the opening. So advertising and launchings and some of the.
Steve Wynn: We had a campaign for the opening campaign carried through first quarter. There was a non-recurring item. That's what I meant.
Joe Greff  JP Morgan: Got you. Okay. That's helpful. And then, Matt, maybe you can help us out in terms of what the whole impact was to EBITDA in Macau in the quarter.
Matt Maddox: Yes, sure, the hold impact, we stated our ranges between 275 and 3. We held 3.6%. So you can do the math. It's all there with 10.6 billion of turnover. What I would say is almost all of that was in the junket program which is as everyone knows is a much lower margin business. So, the numbers are pretty public and if you just take the high point of the range at 3% and apply the junket margin you are there.
Joe Greff  JP Morgan: Got you. It's helpful. And my last question for you, Steve, I know you recently have talked about potential acquisitions and maybe it's kind of a nonevent at this point but how do you view acquisitions right now and what would sort of be reasonable for you to kind of consider doing. And then perhaps how do you view sort of maybe a new side business in terms of not only but just managing casino resorts?
Steve Wynn: Well, I think that as a result of the position we are in, in terms of our capital structure our cash, our interest rates and our maturities which are all what I would generally describe as beneficial in allowing us enormous freedom. I wouldn't describe us as aggressive shoppers. I would describe the attitude of my colleagues and myself and the Board of Directors as being available to enter into transaction that was advantages to the shareholders if it was clearly advantages to the shareholders we would have the kind of reach that would allow us to step up to the plate and if we could buy something at a reasonable price and we thought that it would be, it would fit with us, and that really describes either it's a Wynn Resort which means it has to be the top end stuff, because we only have one speed in our current company and that is full on top shelf service or it would have to be something that is completely noncompetitive with our existing business. What we do have is an extraordinary amount of depth in management. We have never been quite as deep as we are now. I think there are five or six former President's in this company in operational mode, not to mention Tom Breitling and Tim Poster. We have a lot of big bench here and the best I have ever had in my 40 years and that's another thing that says to us, let's be opportunistic but it's about value. I had the pleasure of going to the Berkshire Hathaway stockholders meeting on Saturday and having dinner and breakfast with Mr. Buffet and listening to Charlie Munger and he and his colleagues talk to (inaudible). And I think Warrens answer to a similar question was the right one. We don't necessarily say that we catch the bottom on anything. I don't know that anybody knows what the bottom is what's important is value. And if there was something that looked like value and it was also something that fit into the strategy of one of the existing companies, like MGM for example which is what's on everybody's mind at the moment then of course, I think we enter into a conversation and try and do something that was beneficial for both parties. It happened between myself and Kirk Kerkorian in the year 2000. I wanted to increase my ownership. Kirk want to do use his words to fix a problem at MGM and we struck a deal for them to by Mirage Resorts. I think that was probably one of the best deals that Kirk ever made. It was certainly the best deal for me. I made more money in five years than I had in 27 years. And I had already made arrangements to buy the dessert in. So, this kind of stuff comes up when and if it works for a seller and a buyer. And it's not just MGM we are talking about. We are talking about companies in China and companies in Las Vegas and elsewhere. We are open for business. We don't think that we are on fire to by something at the moment. But we do know what's going on in the industry and we keep our eyes open and we have a lot of flexibility, Joe. That's pretty much our attitude. I was asked a question at the Milken conference. Someone said, would you buy Bellagio. And I answered the way I just did and the press being what they did the next thing they did was I was buying Bellagio. So we have to be very careful in our language and the story got exaggerated. I don't know that Bellagio is for sale and I don't know that if it were for sale that the price would be right or that it would fit with us. All I know is that we are in really good shape. We have got a really deep bench and if the opportunity is right, the stars lineup, we might be an acquirer. Something I have never done before but might possibly happen now. Do I have a deal cooking? No, I don't. And if I did, there would be an appropriate moment to make an announcement and we would as soon as there was anything substantial to talk about. There is nothing of that sort as of this moment and I am saying so on the conference call. Next question, please. Joe, I hope that answers your question.
Joe Greff  JP Morgan: That's great, thanks, Steve.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Kent of Goldman Sachs.
Steve Kent  Goldman Sachs: Hi, good morning. A couple things. First off, if you just look at Encore on its own could you tell us whether it was in fact positive cash flow this quarter? And how are you looking at it on an ongoing basis?
Steve Wynn: We had a lot of discussion about this last fall and we decided to follow a system that we think is better for the company. We are going to treat Nevada operations as group and we are going to treat Chinese operations as a group. And we are going to leave it there.
Steve Kent  Goldman Sachs: I guess on April trends, Steve, have RevPARs for the hotel, have they improved relative to Q1 for Las Vegas? And then also I am not sure who was speaking but earlier somebody said that on room rate or room programs that you seem to be fine-tuning that on some of the marketing programs. Could you just give some examples of how that's evolved over the past four months because it's been pretty quick.
Steve Wynn: I would like to have two people, I would like to introduce into this conversation. The first question about RevPAR will be Andrew who runs the Nevada operations and then I would like Tom to talk about the room detail. And, Tom, get near a microphone so you can be clearly heard.
Tom Breitling: RevPAR is essentially flat. There's no material change in RevPAR in April relative to what we saw in the month preceding it. So I think that addresses your first question. However, this whole notion of optimizing the composition or the mix of our business is something that we really have looked at closely because it's not just about what we command in terms of the price of your room but how much those people spend throughout the rest of your facility. That's where we tend to focus a lot of our energies. When I spoke about how we tried a number of different thing really across just about every single channeling of our business, the leisure segment, trends [ph], convention, casino, we have structured different types of promotions and offers and ways of communicating with our customers and then after the fact, we really dug into evaluate the real profit contribution that we are able to generate prototype [ph], understand one of the things that we are doing makes sense and we should continue to do it. and so there's a bunch of things that we you know what we are not going to continue to do that going forward and there's a bunch of things that we are definitely worthwhile that we intended to a lot more of. So that's kind of what we focused on as far as combining our strategies in a way that we feel possible.
Steve Wynn: I think if there's a couple of things I think that take into effect one is weekend business, so once the weekend starts selling out I think you are starting to see sign of thing coming back and I think the last few weekends have been comparative. The other thing is that if the convention business picks up and I don't think we are going to see that until towards the end of the year or beginning the next year. That will show you (inaudible) coming back. So like Andrew said we are going through every segment and how we fine-tune this to bring in the most profitable customers. And when you can't tell people to travel but once you start seeing them travel on the weekends and we just had a very busy weekends with a lot of different events. The visibility hasn't come back. But I would say that those are two things that I think are interesting to look at in terms of seeing the market come back really how we are fine-tuning our business. Believe me we are doing everything possible to bring in some other group filling some of these bigger group campaign.
Tom Breitling: What was interesting for us is that we have not really seen until just the last few weeks what happened with what our new machine with 4800 rooms goes full power and what if the fact achieved the kind of levels that we thought it should. And this is the first time we have seen, when the Nevada operation goes full power what kind of reach it has and it's quite impressive. That makes those of us who are watching the place very closely on short-term very happy because it shows us that when we get the right people, (inaudible) it's pretty fancy, better than we hoped and that makes us feel good but it isn't the kind of financial predictions that makes for a public celebration because it's only been a few weekends. So it's interesting to talk about it for a second but it's very important to issue the caveat that we are looking at this thing with a microscope and that's not how you run a business. It's the way executives get back in confirmation and I know that we have a very closely held company on this call own the place as much as I do and (inaudible) does. So I'm sharing this information openly in a candid way but when you ask these penetrating questions and you get these kind of people in the room, they can't help themselves, they are very close to the picture and I want to constantly remind the people who listen to this and especially those of you who right about it, don't get carried away with short-term news, circumspect. Look at the history of Las Vegas. Keep your focus on the big picture. Use short-term information even current information for what it's worth. Momentary indicators; we are in a very unusual time. I think the government in the United States is more a player in all of our lives than it ever has been before. The Obama administration is spending money at a rate in terms of rapid response the administration has to get an A plus. In terms of focus of the rapid response like most rapid responses it terms to be a little helter-skelter and I am not thinking this moment at the maximum amount has been done to create jobs and I think that's the key ingredient to the recovery and return to consumer confidence will happen when the administration can cause a reversal in the publicized numbers of unemployment in America. That means they've got to think about America as one country, not two countries, the businessmen and the hell with them, and working class where we are coming to save you. You have to have a government and administration that goes back to thinking of this as one country and recognizes that it functions as a unit. The employers are the ones that create the jobs. If you don't identify with the employers you will not get a recovery in America because you try and fix a bunch of bridges. That won't work. That's not where the people are out of work. And so we need to get a focused central government policy for job creation in America.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dennis Forst of KeyBanc.
Dennis Forst  KeyBanc: Good morning. I just wanted to understand the Macau hold percentages better. With the shortened play and gamblers being somewhat more circumspect with how much they spend, I was personally surprised that the high holds in both mass market and in the junket play, do you just play lucky?
Steve Wynn: That's all. That's the beginning and ends of that conversation. We got lucky. It happens. You have good months and bad months in terms of the flip of the cards.
Dennis Forst  KeyBanc: Okay and then I think some news out of Macau for April had your market share down, did you just play unlucky or was there anything unique about April.
Steve Wynn: The explanation of the market share is our junket operators are being careful. We held a low end in April.
Dennis Forst  KeyBanc: Okay and then on the taxes.
Steve Wynn: Good luck in the first quarter is so slow, less luck in April, first part of May is rip roaring for three days. You know, it's a bouncing ball.
Dennis Forst  KeyBanc: Got you.
Steve Wynn: We had a big market share the 1st week of May. Pardon me.
Matt Maddox: We already have it. It came out.
Steve Wynn: Well it came out today. Or wasn't today.
Matt Maddox: 20%.
Steve Wynn: 20%. So 13, 20. This is a Ping-Pong ball. The end of the year we have been pretty consistent in 17% which is pretty good for one casino and per table we are off the charts better than the other guy.
Dennis Forst  KeyBanc: Then just on the taxes, Matt, is there any way to give us a gauge on where taxes are going? It doesn't affect EBITDA obviously but does have an impact on the EPS number.
Steve Wynn: On the take-home pay.
Matt Maddox: Again in this recorded we recorded another valuation allowance against our foreign tax credits as a conservative measure, just 
Dennis Forst  KeyBanc: Hello?
Operator: Mr. Forst?
Dennis Forst  KeyBanc: Yes, hello? Did I get disconnected?
Operator: Please hold.
Dennis Forst  KeyBanc: Why?
Matt Maddox: Hello. Can you hear us now?
Dennis Forst  KeyBanc: Yes, now I can.
Matt Maddox:
 :
Dennis Forst  KeyBanc: So it will be based on the domestic.
Matt Maddox: It will be closer.
Dennis Forst  KeyBanc: Any concerns about the Federal Government doing something about closing some of these tax deferrals you have internationally?
Matt Maddox: We are monitoring everything that's going on.
Steve Wynn: The President went on television yesterday, he thought it was important enough with all the other thing going on in this country. The President thought it was important enough to go on national television to call upon Congress to put an end to people who are evading their taxes in places like the Caribbean and offshore accounts and if there's tax evaders in those offshore accounts then of course, there's Federal law that will put them in jail already. Then in one of those typical Washington leap frogs he then addressed all the companies that were outside America that weren't paying their taxes. Another example of gross misunderstanding by the administration. Companies are making money offshore and bringing the money home to invest it in America. And they are entitled to the tax credits when they pay taxes abroad, that tax counts as a credit against America. If the administration would double tax everybody outside America it would create more unemployment, more of stagnation, more bad news and this is what happens when you have inexperienced people in government. I happened to see that on the plane coming back from Washington yesterday and that's the kind of lack of focus, populous (inaudible) that is characterized unfortunately some of the comments from the administration which led the companies that did not take TARP funds, canceling conventions and trips to cities in Orlando, New Orleans and Dallas and Chicago and Las Vegas putting people out of work in the hospitality industry and we need a government that knows what it's doing and it has some people in it that have some managerial understanding of how our country works.
Dennis Forst  KeyBanc: Well said. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Corey Gilchrist of Marsico Capital.
Tom Marsico  Marsico Capital: This is Tom Marsico for Corey.
Steve Wynn: Hi Tom.
Tom Marsico  Marsico Capital: Hi, how are you doing, Steve?
Steve Wynn: Such a big boss [ph].
Tom Marsico  Marsico Capital: I was wondering since I don't had a chance often to have Linda available, if she can talk about the success of the stimulus program in China so we can see how a command economy is dealing with the problems with the worldwide economy? And then maybe just mention a little bit about the leadership in Macau and the changes that might happen with Edmund Ho leaving.
Steve Wynn: Just before Linda does what she would like Tom, it's nice to have a major owner of the company on the call in person and, Linda, would you talk to Tom's question.
Linda Chen: I am sure you guys all know about China stimulus and I think the difference between China and perhaps United States is they put plan much faster in action. If they put a stimulus plan in they can get it in action probably within a few months while it takes us most of a year. It's a lot on I would say infrastructure which creates jobs which is good for overall picture. China also looked at what you probably read that Hong Kong has opened up R&B, which is a currency trade settlement for trades that are done in China. So which is also a towards Hong Kong bank industry. And so things like that are more in line with Chinese government to stabilize I guess the economy and then also create more unemployment which is a long-term solution.
Tom Marsico  Marsico Capital: Linda, have you noticed in talking to your customers, the customers that run a lot of these businesses if they are more confident as a result of the stimulus programs that have been enacted. And then maybe talk a little bit about what you are seeing in Guangdong province where the low ends manufacturing in China has been more consolidated and what's happening there? And then a little bit about the Visa program through Hong Kong and how that's potential helping Macau or not having an impact on Macau .
Linda Chen: Sure, there's one tier the lower tier manufactured in Guangdong worker. We all know that there are tons of factories that were closed at the very beginning, however, the once, the bigger on players have sustained and they are coming back. What you saw yesterday the first trade numbers are up in China. Those are coming back because I believe people have do stuff [ph] with their inventory. They are starting to reorder again which is good for the whole export industry. And as far as visitors and Visa in China there is not a formal relaxation of policy. However, we have experienced that there's no shortage of people coming. If you come to Macau on a Monday or a Friday evening the lines could take you hours to go through if you are not a local resident. So there's definitely enough people that are coming through the border regardless whether they have formally relaxed the policy or not. There has been a formal relaxation between Hong Kong and Shenzhen which is the similarity of Macau to (inaudible). Not to speculate however, if Hong Kong and Shenzhen.
Steve Wynn: Can you say that again, there has been a relaxation between Shenzhen and Hong Kong, which is a neighboring city in Guangdong province just as Zhuhai is a neighboring city to Macau. I just want to do say that so people listening would know what Linda meant.
Linda Chen: Of course it's not just to speculate that between Zhuhai and Macau, not however, it's the same analogy where the relaxation of Visa could be coming. However, like I said right now whether it's a formal policy now we experience in more visitor that are coming back. And as far as the change in administration I think so far there is one or two leading candidates Friday end close to end of summer we will know who is running and however, the government is very stable, we have the full central government support on Macau side. So I don't think there will be a major change to any policy regarding to our industry.
Steve Wynn: If I can add to that, Tom, we are familiar with the personalities involved in this process and I think that it would be safe to say the transition will be seamless and that is since 1979 in December when Chou Peng [ph] took over his Chairman of the Standing Committee or the Central Committee of the Communist Party that has been true in the People's Republic of China now for 30 odd years and it will definitely be true in Macau. I don't think that those of us who are invested in China should consider the change in administration from Edmund Ho to the next chief executive as a material event. It will be one of great public interest but the men and the most likely candidates who will prevail represent a seamless transfer and I am very confident in that statement. I do think that in China the response of the government is very intelligent, very focused as compared to the United States, for example. All of us who have been there for the last seven or eight years have increasing respect for the intelligence and the thoughtfulness that goes into the public policy in China. It's very considerate. Even though there has been much written about the change in Visa policy, it was a tremendous overheating of the economy in Macau when those restrictions or when those tightening took place. The cost of living was going up much faster than wages and the citizens of Macau were suffering. Our employees all of them. You know that last year we had to give a 10% cost of living raise to our base line employees? Voluntarily, the government made no suggestions but we saw that rents were going up faster than any either wages. It was some roof [ph] in the midst of all this prosperity and fancy earnings by companies, Chinese and American in South China. Living standards were not improving and they did what they thought they should do and it turned out to be intelligent. It had some negative effects on more aggressive developers in the marketplace and I am sure those effects are temporary but it was the right thing to do in terms of public policy. They are very smart over there and they don't flop around and waste energy, very cool. We are very comfortable being in business there as well as being grateful.
Tom Marsico  Marsico Capital: Thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Katz of Oppenheimer.
David Katz  Oppenheimer: Hi, good morning. Can I just take a moment and ask about your financial strategy going forward? You have done a couple of equity offerings. And obviously put that to good use. But if you could talk about how you think about the timing of those from the perspective that you could perhaps look and say, well, we raised some money at $19 and here we are at some higher level, you could also argue it the other way and say we are at this higher level in part because we went ahead and raised some money. If you could just.
Steve Wynn: I agree that's true, we are at these higher levels because of the shape we are in. I think you can pay for capital structure these days as opposed to how few shares you have outstanding.
Matt Maddox: And David if I could just address that our focus and I have been saying this for nine months is maturities. It's not yield it's debt maturities. So what we have effectively done over the last four months, we have $1.3 billion of debt maturing between now and 2011. We pushed out 900 million of that to 2013. We have relaxed all of our covenants so that our pure focus is on operating the business and we raised equity two times, once in November and once in March at an average price in the mid 30s to make sure that our balance sheet was rock solid and that there are no questions about Wynn and its financial flexibility and what it's basically done is its set us up to focus our efforts on a number of thing and the balance sheet is not going to prohibit us from doing anything unlike most of our competitors.
Steve Wynn: You have to keep your eye on the maturities. Matt mentioned that. We are so short-term focused and Wall Street is as usual so myopic that you want to sends them to the optometrist. Maturities. Maturities. It doesn't matter what happens week-to-week. You got to take a look at the companies on this street here and say, what are their maturities like and what are their financial capacities. That's the way you evaluate these companies in this environment if you have got a brain in your head. And you have to be able look before 2000 and you have to be able to go past next month, you have to actual will be able to contemplate and to visualize 2012, for example.
David Katz  Oppenheimer: If I may just follow that up in that context, then, with some of the oncoming supply which is intended at the high-end customers coming to Las Vegas, I know you have made some earlier comments about it but if you could talk about some of your strategies heading out into next year if that's far enough and if you want to go to 2012 that would be great too.
Steve Wynn: Okay. So we are talking about Aria that's the competitor that's upcoming that are going to open the city center, right?
David Katz  Oppenheimer: Yes.
Steve Wynn: Let's call us spade a spade. There's old Bellagio, Caesars Palace and Venetian. And then there is Aria. I am not sure what Fountain Blue is yet or when it's coming online but Aria is has been announced by MGM to be the most beautiful thing that anybody has ever seen, a dramatic hotel, Bobby told me that it was Bobby Baldwin it was going be prettiest thing in town. Let's take the man at his word. There's nothing that we could have done in my 40 years of experience to build a pretty hotel at Wynn in a lovely place at in my view almost been prettier at Encore, it's got bigger rooms, all many suites, we did everything in 40 years of experience could make you do to create a place physically that had everything it needed and then we recruited and interviewed 160,000 people to create the workforce we have got here and we trained them constantly because the only thing that matter is guest experience. All this talk about capital investment and the structures and the architects, all that I am going to tell you in a word is baloney, it's 10% of the franchise. What matters here is customer experience. And this company has done everything in its power to make sure that customer experience even in hard times is not compromised. And that will determine our future. It's what we do in this building that is where we make our money. We don't care about Bellagio. We don't care about Aria. We don't care about any of that stuff. We care about what happens to people in this building. Now, I have been building these hotels for the past 40 years against the stimulus competition. People thought that Caesars Palace was untouchable. Well, nobody went over 300 million except Caesars. It was a glass ceiling. Bellagio went 400 million out of the box. Everybody says 400 million was a miracle and 90 goes to (inaudible). Bellagio came out of the box with 500 million in casino revenue. Nobody could go past 500 million. We came out of the box in '06 with 600 million odd in the casino and 700 million in Wynn with 2700 rooms. That tell you what our attitude is towards competition. It's not that we are disdainful. We respect our competitors. But we recognize that the only way we make money is by taking care of people in our own building. So I don't give a damn what the hell goes on up and down the street. I only care what happens in my building and all of our strategies boil down to two words, customer experience. And that is fundamentally human resource engineering in this property. Because it's people that give people a good experience, not carpets, hand woven fabrics or fancy marble or crystal chandeliers. And we got our share of all that stuff. So do our competitors. Anybody can buy that junk. And if they don't have good taste, if they don't it themselves they can rent it with a good concise. The question is, which can't rent is customer experience. You got to have an organization that delivers that day in and day out 24 hours a day. Now if any of you listening to this phone call wants to know what our competitive posture is, get on an airplane, come out to Las Vegas, go visit the other hotels and then do your own little market survey and walk through this building, engage any employee that works here and see what happens. Come to your own conclusions. The only market survey that means it's worth a damn, it's the one that you do yourself and take the time to go look for yourself. That's the way it's going to be tomorrow and the day after tomorrow and next year and the year after. Period. End of speech.
David Katz  Oppenheimer: Thank you very much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, I apologize we have reached the allotted time for questions-and-answers. I will now return the call to management for closing remarks.
Steve Wynn: Matt.
Matt Maddox: Now, that will conclude the earnings call.
Steve Wynn: Tom Breitling, Andy, John Strzemp, Marc Schorr, Linda, we forgot Scott?
Scott Peterson: We told you everything we know actually. Our competitors would be happy to know that we are now exhausted. Good by everybody. See you in 90 days.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today's Wynn Resorts Limited first quarter 2009 earnings conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q4  (2009-02-24 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Stephen A. Wynn  Chairman of the Board & Chief Executive Officer Marc D. Schorr  Chief Operating Officer John Strzemp  Executive Vice President & Chief Administrative Officer Matt Maddox  Chief Financial Officer & Treasurer  Andrew Pascal  President of Wynn Las Vegas David R. Sisk  Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President Wynn Las Vegas Ian Coughlan  President Wynn Macau Scott Petersen  CFO Wynn Macau [Kim Sinatra]  Senior Vice President, General Counsel & Secretary
Analysts: Joseph Greff  J. P. Morgan Steven Kent  Goldman Sachs William Lerner  Deutsche Bank Securities Celeste Brown  Morgan Stanley Lawrence Klatzkin  Jefferies & Co. Susan Berliner  J. P. Morgan Dennis Forst  Keybanc Capital Markets [Larry Haverty  Game Co.] David Katz  Oppenheimer & Co. Robin Farley  UBS [David Hargrave  Sterne Agee] [Mike Surgass  Long Acre] 
Operator: Welcome to the Wynn Resorts Limited fourth quarter 2008 earnings conference call. Joining the call on behalf of the company today are Steve Wynn, Marc Shorr, John Strzemp, Matt Maddox, Andrew Pascal, President of Wynn Las Vegas, David Sisk, CFO of Wynn Las Vegas and on the phone Ian Coughlan, President of Wynn Macau and Scott Petersen, CFO of Wynn Macau. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks there will be a question and answer session. (Operator Instructions) Now, I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Maddox.
Matt Maddox : I just want to remind everyone that we will be making forward-looking statements under the Safe Harbor of federal securities law and those statements may or may not come true. With that, Im going to turn the call over to Steve Wynn for commentary.
Stephen A. Wynn : I think that most everybody has been hearing from various companies up and down the strip and theres no good news. Business is tough in Las Vegas, I dont want to be the bad news bearer but speaking for our own company were in the mood of protecting our culture, protecting our employees and seeing this thing through but its not a very good time to make money. The only good news is that I see is that weve got $5 billion worth of asset in Las Vegas but we only own $2.8 million against it so were underleveraged and we have a strong balance sheet. But, Im not nearly satisfied with the kind of money that is available for us to make as a profit. I think that this is a period in which were going to have to adjust to the fact that youre basically conducting a holding action and hoping that your capital structure allows you to do it. But, people with money that stay at a hotel like ours are being very careful if they have money. It may be one of the reasons why some of the lower end places perform a little better, the slot joints than a high end place like Wynn or Encore.  So, Ill answer questions but I think you remember we did have a conference call early in February in which I explained that we had made a decision for December and January to leave ourselves at high staffing levels first of all in December because we were anticipating the transfer of so many employees over to Encore we were carrying extra help in December and that inflated our expenses which exacerbated the lower earnings and EBITDA line along with the low hold percentage.  So, we had two things going in the fourth quarter and we left the business in that mode for the opening in January and we kept the hotels in Las Vegas at that level through the Chinese New Year, the first week in February and made rather dramatic changes in our operating expenses and our staffing levels during the first quarter which I think will be somewhat beneficial when we review the first quarter in the spring. But, I wont go any further with that accept to say the business levels in Las Vegas are punky and weak, is the only word to use.  Andrew Pascal who runs Wynn Encore is sitting here, maybe hell share his overview about this with you and I think its probably a good idea Andrew, why dont you.
Andrew Pascal : Let me talk about a few things. Recognizing how we had a softening market in the latter part of last year we were focused on opening Encore but we could see and feel that the clientele is very definitely shifting. So, we changed our strategy in December, we got far more aggressive in terms of our rates looking to drive occupancy, that was our first focus and we learned a lot about how to fill up a complex with 4,750 rooms as we talked about in February. 
Stephen A. Wynn : We also learned a lot about how not to fill up the complex.
Andrew Pascal : Thats very true. There were a lot of things that we did that were worthwhile and there are customers that wed love to have back and there were some things that we did that didnt translate to any kind of profit contribution. Were refining how we fill our hotels and were focusing on then the cost structure. How are we going to make money with the people who are now coming in understanding that it is a very different mix of clientele. So, we announced that in February we had anywhere from $75 to $100 million in cost savings that we were looking to achieve. With the measures we have taken the last two weeks we are currently pacing at picking up $250,000 a day so that gets us on pace so we think that gives us more room. Were working every aspect of our business model trying to optimize revenue and lean out our expenses.
Stephen A. Wynn : Business in China is far more optimistic scenario even thought the economy in China has been touched as all countries have by whats going on in the world today. Our businesses, EBITDA is off by 10% to 12% over there but thats on a very big number to begin with and Im happy to say that were very comfortable. Ian and Scott are on the phone. Ian, nice to talk to you. Scott, if you or Ian would like to say something I think you stayed up late for this call, why dont you go ahead.
Ian Coughlan : Given the general economic climate weve had a satisfactory start to the year. Weve had decent volumes particularly at weekends and over the two holiday periods that we experienced in January and February. Our table game to market share is positive, its over 17%. Weve had some success stories in our slot program which is ahead of last year, retail is ahead of last year so it isnt all doom and gloom. Were also about to roll out a cost efficiency program similar to Wynn Las Vegas which would definitely impact our bottom line in a positive way for the remainder of the year. So, it isnt like Vegas at this point and were cautiously optimistic for the first quarter.
Stephen A. Wynn : Scott, do you want to add anything to that?
Scott Petersen : No, to summarize it up some people have commented on our margins being down a little bit but the mix of business has shifted a little bit but were pretty happy with the way things are working out so far.
Stephen A. Wynn : For those of you who are on the conference call, our competitors as well as our investors, well take your questions.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Joseph Greff  J. P. Morgan.
Joseph Greff  J. P. Morgan: Steve I just want to make sure I heard you right, you said EBITDA is down 10% to 12% in Macau. Is that any one particular segment that is down more than another segment or can you sort of amplify that comment please?
Stephen A. Wynn : I misspoke. Year-to-date this year its down 4%.
Joseph Greff  J. P. Morgan: Then looking back at the fourth quarter, promotional allowances as a percentage of revenues was a bit higher than the year ago level. Can you talk about that a little bit? 
Stephen A. Wynn : Sure. Were digging deeper, we go chasing the customers a little bit trying to get them to come back. Its counter intuitive for them to come to resorts when their businesses and the television is negative and so we press them a little and since the FIT business was off a little bit we looked to fill the hotel with people we knew that spent money and we gave them special consideration. Its a typical thing you try harder when business softens. Sometimes it works, sometimes it doesnt. But, thats the reason Joe that you saw the comps go up.
Joseph Greff  J. P. Morgan: A bigger picture question and maybe Andrew can chime in, I guess whats the City of Las Vegas doing to I guess position itself as not the boom daggle market that legitimate conventions can go there and not necessarily be fearful that theyre doing something wrong. Obviously, weve had some high profile conventions move out of Las Vegas.
Stephen A. Wynn : The President Obama in what amounted to a slip of the tongue I imagine, just a conversational nuance said that he doesnt think that people who have received benefits from the government should be going on junkets to expensive places or Las Vegas. He used Las Vegas as a metaphor for wasteful spending in effect which stigmatized the convention business that could come to Las Vegas. Im sure the President didnt mean to stigmatize the convention and meeting business of Las Vegas when it was conducted by companies that werent on the government dole. But, the effect that it had was for example one particular convention we had currently was $5 billion worth of business, this company was as far away from needing help from Uncle Sam as you can get but the Chairman of that company decided that he wanted to avoid any appearance of profligacy so he canceled the $5 billion worth of business in hotel and paid a $3.3 million, $5 billion worth of business and paid a $3.3 million forfeiture.  Now, were not happy with the $3.3, wed rather of had the people and the $5 billion. But, it was a direct result of the comment made by the administration, by the President. However, unharmful the Presidents intentions were, it just gives you an idea of how sensitive the public is and how sensitive businessmen are. There is a feeling of pound of flesh against business thats come out of the current administration early. Theres an exact a pound of flesh mentality that were seeing in the new administration that I hope is misleading as we go forward. But, its caused us some trouble here and we have hundreds of thousands of employees in this industry, more than the automobile industry and I hope that Uncle Sam recognizes that and that the rhetoric that is used is more considerate in the future because it has been demonstrated to us that it can have unintended consequences. 
Matt Maddox : Just to clarify, Wynn Macau EBITDA was down 5% in the fourth quarter. That was the number we were referring to.
Stephen A. Wynn : I made a mistake, I was reading the wrong number.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Steven Kent  Goldman Sachs.
Steven Kent  Goldman Sachs: Just a couple of things one, Ian did you say you were going to start to roll out cost savings in Macau and maybe you could give just a little bit more detail on that? I thought that was a little bit different than what you said even a couple of weeks ago. It didnt sound like you felt like you needed to do that a few weeks ago.  Then Steve, maybe you could talk about youre clearly the market leader and best property and can you talk about what youre trying to do in setting Las Vegas room rates even as late as February, as the past few weeks? I noticed that occupancy was much lower in the fourth quarter, is that part of the program? Is that one of the mistakes, I think you mentioned that you learned something over the fourth quarter, is that one of the things that you want to try and rectify? Maybe just talk about rate versus occupancy?
Stephen A. Wynn : Steve, I think Andrew is perfectly focused on this and I think he can clear this up. As far as the question you ask Ian, I just came home this past week. Ian unfortunately had a family sadness but what we did in Macau was to reexamine a bunch of things that didnt impact our culture or our employees in any way. We did no layoffs we did not change work hours, we didnt need to do that but we just found ways of saving $40 or $45 million based on things that we learned in Las Vegas. So, if our EBITDA was going to be off by X we were able to mitigate it by point something X by saving the $40 odd million.
Steven Kent  Goldman Sachs: Is that a run rate Steve or a start?
Stephen A. Wynn : Thats a run rate. Andy, I think thats an interesting question, why dont you answer that about room rates.
Andrew Pascal : I think the key lesson that we learned in the fourth quarter is that we cant hold our room rate for a long time. Its always been our philosophy to kind of set the rates and to price our property at the top of the market. Weve been able to command that rate in the past and we started to see occupancy suffer more dramatically in the latter part of the fourth quarter. So, where ADR for the quarter was only down 6%, overall occupancy was down about almost 15%. So as a result our RevPAR was down even more. So, we clearly said look weve got to make sure particularly in the face of opening up a new resort that we keep this place fully occupied, energized and alive and so we said were going to get more aggressive with our rates and were going to look to exploit new channels and try lots of new things, what we alluded to earlier. And so, thats what weve been doing and learning a lot about okay which of those tactics were successful and going to drive occupancy with customers that are worth having and which ones are not.  The key thing we learned was we couldnt just continue to hold to a rate premium that was fairly significant relative to the rest of the market. We needed to get more aggressive and we have.
Operator:  Your next question comes from William Lerner  Deutsche Bank Securities.
William Lerner  Deutsche Bank Securities: Two question, the first I think for Matt, when if at all do you think youd be in a position to reverse those stepped up debt reserves if your collection experience has been better than your originally reserved for? Maybe it had something to do with the receivable seasoning? The, I have a follow up.
Matt Maddox : We examine that on a quarter-by-quarter basis and if you look at overall right now Las Vegas is over 50% reserved and Macau over 65% reserved. So, we actually did reverse a little bit in Macau because our reserves exceeded 80% in the quarter so we had to. Our collection experience has not changed materially in either area so we are going to continue to analysis it every quarter. 
Stephen A. Wynn : Were conservative, right. Its reflected in our capital structure, its reflected in our attitude towards credit when the Chinese market and the American market was wobbly we did not want to become the bank of last resort to our customers. So, consistent with everything weve always done in the planning, design and operation of our businesses, on our capital structure we behaved exactly the same way with the credit reserves. Now, if weve over reserved we will have a much clearer picture of this as we go in to 09 and then well make the adjustment Bill as soon as we can. We have no choice in the matter, our auditors would make us do it. But, they were sympathetic to our sensitivity when the matter was raised by myself at the end of the last quarter and they said okay and in the third quarter as well. They said, We dont blame you Steve. And I said O Mark and to John, Look fellas lets be really cautious here, we could get surprised. The world is in a spot that is unfamiliar to everybody and lets take the high road and be safe. Maybe we were too safe. Thats a nice position to be in but well take a good look at it Bill in the first quarter.
William Lerner  Deutsche Bank Securities: Then a follow up I guess for Steve. Just in trying to analyze or estimate what might happen to your margins in Macau if these commission caps are put in place. Did you ever actually raise junket commissions? I know your collective junkets wanted you to of course.
Stephen A. Wynn : No, we didnt. We were the only ones that didnt. We dont have to lower or do anything. Were down there where the cap is, its our competitors that were higher. We never went up there with those guys, we didnt have to which was nice. When youve got a better facility you dont have to try as hard generally speaking and in Macau were very fortunate, were enjoying a favored position with our clients, with the customers, the repeat visitation to our property is extraordinarily high. In order to get anybody out of the Wynn Macau youve got to bribe them to get them out and thats what our competitors try to do. Its a policy that is not productive, trying to buy business when youre already have narrower margins. Its just a philosophy that back fires. So, we sat still let the other guys take their best shot and we managed to hold off any real assault on our businesses.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Celeste Brown  Morgan Stanley.
Celeste Brown  Morgan Stanley: Matt, I was hoping you could comment on one, the potential tax implications if any for moving cash to the US from Macau? Then secondarily, or two I guess, can you continue to move cash and what would those tax implications be?
Matt Maddox : Celeste, if you look at our company and Ive discussed this in the past, weve actually moved money back to the United States, in our press release youll see we have over $600 million at the parent company. Because were a development company we have had large net operating losses as well as weve paid a significant amount of foreign taxes so we have foreign tax credits and net operating losses that allow us to move our money between our subsidiaries fairly efficiently. 
Celeste Brown  Morgan Stanley: Then can you continue to move cash back to the US? So, if you continue to generate cash at Macau and you need it in the US, can you continue to move it? Then, do you have enough tax credits that that would also be tax efficient?
Stephen A. Wynn : I want to jump in on that one Celeste. We will remain conservative, we have an Encore Macau scheduled for completion next year and were primarily interested in our investments in Macau so moving money is of secondary concern to us as opposed to concentrating on our investments in China. I dont know if that answers your question Celeste but thats what I want to tell you.
Celeste Brown  Morgan Stanley: But, I guess the question is Steve if you need to, I understand that focusing on China is very important but if you need to move it back to the US for whatever reason could you do that tax efficiently given how much you have already moved back?
Stephen A. Wynn : Well wed have to examine all our relationships and the regulations in China at the time as far as taxes and other capital requirements that are built in to our concession agreement. I dont think at this time that speculation of this kind is productive. Im sorry but I think weve done the appropriate thing permitted by our concession agreement and current tax [inaudible] in the United States and as we go forward well try and take advantage of whatever seems the right approach at the time.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Lawrence Klatzkin  Jefferies & Co..
Lawrence Klatzkin  Jefferies & Co.: A couple of questions, one can you just talk about the luck hit in Vegas, Im calculating after gaming taxes it will be about $33 million and hence you really were not that bad in Vegas as it seems?
Matt Maddox : If you normalize the hold percentage theres another $33 million.
Lawrence Klatzkin  Jefferies & Co.: So you would have been over $60 million in Vegas if that was the case?
Matt Maddox : $61.
Stephen A. Wynn : Yes but you know not only were we a little unlucky if thats the right term when the hold percentage is low but we believe that we are seeing changing patterns of behavior at the table. People are being more cautious. When they win theyre planning for shorter periods of time. A Blackjack player gets up or a Baccarat player gets up at the table, it jumps up and leaves if hes a winner. When before theyd say, Oh boy weve got the houses money, lets play longer. That worked to our advantage. This mentality works to our disadvantage and I think tends to be a little bit of a depressant on the hold percentage as we go forward while this mentality is in play.
Lawrence Klatzkin  Jefferies & Co.: But still 15 is low in anyones book.
Stephen A. Wynn : Sure.
Lawrence Klatzkin  Jefferies & Co.: And the free cash Matt that you have right now that youre not obligated towards Encore or Macau or whatever?
Matt Maddox : Its around $1.3 billion. We have $1.6 billion on hand right now.
Lawrence Klatzkin  Jefferies & Co.: Then the last thing, Steve do the visa restrictions seem to be coming down? What are you seeing for that and also for this casino group forming? Do you think theres better rules coming for Macau for you guys?
Stephen A. Wynn : Well, I had a lovely conversation with Stanley [Hold] that was fun. He explained that he believed it was time for the casino association to exist and that he would be obliged and graciously accept being the chairman for the first year. I shared with him my feeling that that was certainly appropriate and that we would support that and that we would be glad to be a part of any association.  He also mentioned that everyone had agreed except for the Sands but that didnt stop us from agreeing and the chief executive of the government thought it was the constructive thing to do. So, thats that. As far as the visas go theres been a slight relaxation on group visas. Theres some talk in the paper I might add, of some relaxation on individual visas from Guangdong province which is as you know the center of that, the capital of that is Guangzhou and thats where we are. Were really part, except for the fact that were SAR, Macau is part of Guangdong province and thats a very powerful part of China financially. So, usually when things appear in the paper in China it usually signals a change. It has in the past because the government doesnt let things leak there unless theyre considering it. Now, to say that just because it was the paper it was allowed to be there and is therefore a signal or a pre-signal of government action I think would be getting a little off of the mark. I think you have to wait in China to see what the central government or the provincial government decides. The Guangdong province government operates in perfect synchronicity with the central government in Beijing. So, well see. But, it was in the paper.
Lawrence Klatzkin  Jefferies & Co.: Lawrence Ho actually said on this call this morning that before restrictions came on you could go once a week and he could see it where you could go everyday if you want which would be the best it has ever been for Macau.
Stephen A. Wynn : Who said that?
Lawrence Klatzkin  Jefferies & Co.: Lawrence Ho on his call this morning.
Stephen A. Wynn : Hes a young fellow and a smart guy and if I was Lawrence Ho I wouldnt be predicting what the Chinese government is doing until they do it. Thats an American talking. I think that trying to give you guys rosie pictures and all that kind of jazz on these conference calls is a real disservice. I think what we ought to do is discuss what has been and be candid about what we think may be.  As far as Wynn Resorts go we are guarded and concerned about the weakness in the Las Vegas market. We feel less concerned about China at the moment but, if anything weve learned that things have a way of taking negative turns rather quickly in the world today and I think we ought to be very conservative about what we say and more conservative about how we run the company.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Susan Berliner  J. P. Morgan.
Susan Berliner  J. P. Morgan: Matt, I had a question for you, I was wondering if you could go over on the Las Vegas bank facility exactly where you ended on a leverage covenant? And, if you can also remind us what we should be including over the next year all the add backs?
Matt Maddox : Sure. From now through June on the leverage side, we actually deduct Encore project costs off of debt. So, net debt is only around $500 million on the leverage covenant until June 30th. June 30th what you do then is you annualize the first six months of EBITDA in 09 against total debt. That ratio is I believe 8.25.
Susan Berliner  J. P. Morgan: And you ended the year at?
Matt Maddox : 7.75 in September and 7.5 at the end of the year.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Dennis Forst  Keybanc Capital Markets.
Dennis Forst  Keybanc Capital Markets: I had a couple of questions, first on capital expenditures going forward. Youve got to pay off another $200 million of Encore, finish up Macau Encore and maintenance cap ex, what kind of number is that going to add up to this year Matt?
Matt Maddox : As we put in, we have about $200 million to go, that was at 12/31. That number is already down to $120 million today on Encore at Wynn Las Vegas. Encore at Wynn Macau, the number is in the neighborhood of probably $200 to $240 million this year with the balance being in 2009. Maintenance cap ex is tending to run around $35 to $40 million at properties. 
Dennis Forst  Keybanc Capital Markets: Thats $35 to $40 per property?
Matt Maddox : No, combined for 2009.
Dennis Forst  Keybanc Capital Markets: Really, $40 million for the three properties combined?
Matt Maddox : Because we just opened Encore and Wynn Las Vegas went through a significant amount of upgrades.
Stephen A. Wynn : And, were conserving cash.
Matt Maddox : And, were conserving cash.
Dennis Forst  Keybanc Capital Markets: On Encore, I think the numbers that you put in the back of the press release exclude anything from Encore, the win per slot, the number of tables and slots, etc., does that all exclude the nine or 10 days of Encore?
Matt Maddox : No, Encore is included in all these results. Because it was nine or 10 days it was not that material to the earnings but we look at Las Vegas as one property, 4,700 rooms and thats how were going to report the results. 
Dennis Forst  Keybanc Capital Markets: The number of tables and the numbers of slots and everything?
Stephen A. Wynn : We look at it as one property simply for financial reporting purposes but theyre operated as separate businesses and they are separate businesses. 
Dennis Forst  Keybanc Capital Markets: But, the $281 average room rate is the combination of the two properties?
Stephen A. Wynn : Yes.
Matt Maddox : Yes, youre right.
[Kim Sinatra]: The reason is because of the weighted average number of slots and tables Dennis looks pretty small because its just an extra 10 days in the grand scheme of the quarter.
Dennis Forst  Keybanc Capital Markets: How many tables and slots does Encore have so well have it for the first quarter numbers?
Andrew Pascal : 98 table games and just over 800 slot machines.
Operator:  Your next question comes from [Larry Haverty  Game Co.].
[Larry Haverty  Game Co.]: Steve, before the conference call there was a development with Northern Trust, they apparently sponsored a golf tournament and took a number of customers on planes out to the golf tournament and took them to a rock concert. 17 members of Congress have in fact protested. This little development that you talked about earlier in the call has potential right now to spread and I think if you look at financial services and autos youre talking about close to 20% of the GDP that Congress is likely to start regulating their business behaviors, things like the Buick Open, stuff that you would do in the normal course of business.  Clearly, you couldnt have known about this but is it possible for people in the luxury business to be responsive to Congress and somehow stop what looks like burgeoning class warfare before thousands of people lose their jobs in this industry? This is a much bigger problem than just Las Vegas Steve.
Stephen A. Wynn : Did Northern Trust take money from the government?
[Larry Haverty  Game Co.]: Yes.
Stephen A. Wynn : Well, I think that Congress has a right to ask and Northern Trust has a responsibility to behave in a way when theyre on the government payroll or the government dole to do the kind of fiscal discipline that were doing with our own company here and were far away from being a government sponsored company. So, I dont think thats our problem. What I dont want to have them do is characterize Las Vegas as wastrel or wasteful place thats profligate no matter what reason you go there.  When I told you about the business we lost, it was a company that was one of the healthiest companies in the United States of America, much more healthy than the government of the United States of America. That is disturbing to me when a chairman of such a company feels intimidated. If thats that class warfare or as I mentioned earlier that capitalism needs to be punished, if that is part of the mentality of this administration were in for a worse time than we expected.  President Obama got swept in to office on a wave of optimism about a better future. If were going to have increased welfare government were not going to create jobs and were not going to get out of this recession quickly. If we really have an intelligent, brilliant, sensitive government that understands how the country works and job creation is at the smaller business level. I mean, everybody is letting everybody go. I created 4,000 or 5,000 new jobs here, does that make us a bad guy? How many new jobs did Uncle Sam create? Zero. So, Im saying to myself, look there are certain times when the rhetoric from Washington is appropriate and if Northern Trust is taking money then they dont need to go to a golf tournament, not at this point in their career. I would have to agree with those Congressmen. On the other hand, if this kind of rhetoric is not every enlightened and very sophisticated it can lead to an unintended consequence like the cancellation of a wonderful companys educational forum where they teach salesmen the new programs. They need to go somewhere to do that. Las Vegas was the cheapest place for them to go. Its the greatest value for conventions and meetings in the United States of America. We consistently are the best value because weve got slot machines and crap tables we can afford to sell finer rooms for less money. We give better meeting facilities in terms of technology and in terms of the services available to the delegates. We serve the convention and meeting public the best of anyone in the United States of America. Were more accessible in terms of our airport and for that to get torque or perverted because of political flap jaw or political speech would be unfortunate. So, lets hope that the government grows up and does a good job and gets us out of trouble instead of putting is in a deeper hole than were in already.
Operator4:  Your next question comes from David Katz  Oppenheimer & Co.
David Katz  Oppenheimer & Co.: I wanted to go back to I know that a number of weeks ago we had some discussion about cost cutting and theres been some discussion about cost cutting on the call here but if you could just talk us through some of the contingency plans you have? I guess what Im struggling with is things have gotten to a certain level and then we found ourselves very quickly 30 days later at some lower level and whats possible in a pretty short amount of time I think has been difficult for us to keep up with. So, how are you thinking about the next level down if in fact there is one?
Stephen A. Wynn : Youre right about things changing quickly and hopefully that could go either way. But, we havent been there before. This is new territory for us and Id love to be categorical or self assured but there are times when its very difficult to be self assured in an environment of such rapid change. Our political leadership is on the line. The direction that we get from Washington is going to be the most important thing in restoring consumer confidence.  I dont mean to go on, I will address your question technically but the political leadership from Washington was completely lacking in the first $350 or $400 billion they spent last year. So, that money went down the drain and didnt produce the kind of result it was suppose to. Theoretically there was suppose to be some smart people on the job paying attention to this like the Secretary of Treasury and people like that, the former chairman of Goldman Sachs. You think well, they ought to know what to do. It got away from them a little bit and this last stimulus program that has come out of Washington is more of a welfare program than a real jobs creation program in spite of what the President says. Fixing bridges and roads are technically demanding jobs that require technical help, good drawings and substantial lead time. That may be a proper thing for us to do as Americans to fix the infrastructure but to think its a quick fix jobs program is a nave and insincere and incorrect statement. So, when we see these kinds of things it doesnt tend to reinforce our strength and our conviction that the government is going to come to the rescue really intelligently or efficiently. The government can issue regulations usually and if they properly enforce them they can get the private sector to behave in a predictable way but government running a jobs program leaves me completely unimpressed and I think that history will prove that to be true. As far as what we do at the next level, Andrew made contingency plans and we sit around and we say where can we save more money if we have to? But, were going to protect the culture here. Were going to protect our employees our service levels so that we remain consistent in an inconsistent world. Thats a very valuable thing to do. It doesnt have the best short term results but it has the very best long term results.  I dont think I want to discuss what we do when we go to the next level, were professionals well react if we have to. But, I dont want to be hypothetical about stuff we havent done yet.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Robin Farley  UBS.
Robin Farley  UBS: Ive got one Vegas question and one Macau question. On Vegas I wanted to ask about your occupancy strategy, you covered a lot of it I guess I just wanted to clarify that it sounds like your expectation or your strategy is to try and get occupancy back in to the 90% range in Q1? Im just wondering if thats the case even with the room inventory increase from Encore? Am I interpreting your comments correctly?
Stephen A. Wynn : My comments if I can summarize what Andrew and I have been pointing towards as this, in the fourth quarter and things we did for the first half of January showed us that occupancy in and of itself is not the answer. We need people in our beds, in our rooms that can afford our restaurants and our various other amenities. If we dont have that then our non-casino revenue expectations per occupied room blow up and thats no good. So, it isnt enough to get to 97% occupancy. We can do that quick enough, weve got the best rooms all weve got to do is lower the price and Expedia and Travelocity and Hotel.com will jump up and down with glee and so will the wholesalers. But, we need to be still discriminating about the kind of people we put in our rooms. In some cases Robin it may be true that well do better with 88% occupancy than we do with 93% depending on the quality of the person thats in the room. In this type of facility, unless our restaurants are used, our show rooms and our higher limit tables, our model doesnt work as well so we have to be constantly vigilant about the quality of our guests. I think thats what Andrew was alluding to when we learned a lot with some of this stuff we tried in the fourth quarter, we filled the hotel and I was responsible for making him do it. Im not sure he wanted to but I said, Look what I dont want to see is an unanimated opening for Encore. Fill it up regardless of the price. I have retracted that statement. Were past that point and were not hunting with a shot gun were hunting with a telescopic rifle. 
Robin Farley  UBS: Also, just a question on Macau and this may not be good information but it sounded like there was some scaffolding, some construction on your prototype property and it may be an observation from someone that didnt know exactly what property was yours but is there anything going on with your Cotai in Macau?
Stephen A. Wynn : Robin did you ask if there was anything going on in Cotai?
Robin Farley  UBS: Yes, it looks like theres something going on, on your property but maybe its not as much as it looks.
Stephen A. Wynn : We put up a fence to define it and we built a warehouse because were putting our model rooms for Encore in there. Thats whats going on there. Its supporting whats going on in the Peninsula Robin, thats the activity youre seeing.
Operator:  Your next question comes from [David Hargrave  Sterne Agee].
[David Hargrave  Sterne Agee]: I wanted to find out if theres any  I think a lot of folks lose sight of the fact that Vegas is such an important global destination and Im wondering if theres regions or patches of geographies that you havent reached out to a number of years that youre renewing your efforts and focusing on?
Stephen A. Wynn : The answer to your first question, are there regions we havent explored, the answer is no. One thing you can pretty much count on is that the gaming industry in Nevada and elsewhere has beat the bushes. Now, having said that everybody is reexamining their data bases and going back and looking at the people who have been to our properties and our neighboring properties in the past and renewing our call and invitation to them to come enjoy the new and the latest developments in Las Vegas.  I think that not only is Wynn Resort staff doing that but Im sure MGM and the Sands and all the other fellows up in Harrahs up and down the strip are doing the same thing. So, yes theyre out there but there arent any places that have been untapped if thats what youre asking.
[David Hargrave  Sterne Agee]: In the beginning of the call you talked about some of the lower end properties you alluded to some of them performing better. Can you elaborate a little bit on what youre seeing?
Stephen A. Wynn : I think that the regional slot places like the Riverboats are having less of an earnings decline than a high end strip hotel and I think here on the strip, I was talking to one of my buddies that runs a couple of places that youd call middle or lower market operations on the strip primarily slot oriented and their earnings, their EBITDA erosion is less than our EBITDA erosion. 
[David Hargrave  Sterne Agee]: In terms of what were seeing in terms of trends with table hold, is it to be expected now that sense perhaps youve got a different category or maybe the composition of visitation is changing, is it to be expected that the hold percentage might be a little bit lower going forward.
Stephen A. Wynn : In a word, yes.
Operator:  Your next question comes from [Mike Surgass  Long Acre].
[Mike Surgass  Long Acre]: I was just wondering when you guys compute hold at 15% in that number are there any comp numbers in that hold percentage?
Stephen A. Wynn : No.
[Mike Surgass  Long Acre]: Thats just straight luck  for example, is there any forgiveness losses included in that such as a big casino?
Stephen A. Wynn : No.
Operator:  There are no further questions at this time. Are there any closing remarks.
Stephen A. Wynn : No. Thank you everybody.
Operator:  Thank you all for participating in todays conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-10-30 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Matt Maddox  Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer Steve Wynn - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Andrew Pascal - President and Chief Executive Officer, Wynn Las Vegas, LLC Marc Schorr  Chief Operating Officer John Strzemp  Executive Vice President and CAO David Sisk  Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Wynn Las Vegas, LLC Scott Peterson  Chief Financial Officer, Wynn Resorts (Macau), S.A. Ian Coughlan  President, Wynn Resorts (Macau)
Analysts: Steve Kent - Goldman Sachs Joe Greff - JPMorgan Celeste Brown - Morgan Stanley Rachael Rothman - Merrill Lynch Robin Farley - UBS Bill Lerner - Deutsche Bank Larry Klatzkin - Jefferies Dennis Forst  Keybanc Securities David Katz  Oppenheimer & Co.  Susan Berliner  JP Morgan  Mike [Shrgast]  Long Acre David Winters - Wintergreen Advisors 
Operator: Good afternoon and welcome to the Wynn Resorts Ltd. third quarter conference call. Joining the call on behalf of the company today are Steve Wynn, Marc Schorr, John Strzemp, Matt Maddox, Andrew Pascal, President of Wynn Las Vegas, David Sisk, CFO of Wynn Las Vegas and on the phone Ian Coughlan, President of Wynn Macau and Scott Petersen, CFO of Wynn Macau. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. (Operator Instructions) Now I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Maddox. Please go ahead Sir. 
Matt Maddox:  Thank you. First I need to remind everyone we will be making forward-looking statements that may or may not come true under the safe harbor of federal securities law. So before I turn it over to Steve I just want to spend a couple of minutes talking about a very hot topic in the United States and in particular gaming; liquidity and the health of someones balance sheet. Wynn Resorts is in an enviable position not only in gaming but in any industry that is capital incentive. Heres why. We have $1.7 billion of cash on hand. Plus we have $500 million available on a revolving credit facility meaning total liquidity right now is $2.2 billion. We have approximately $500 million left to spend on Encore at Wynn Las Vegas which will open in the next couple of months. We also have approximately $500 million left to spend at Encore Wynn Macau. So we have roughly $1 billion of capEx left to finish our two major projects meaning we have over $1.2 billion of excess cash on hand before any credit for free cash flow.  What that means is we can pay off all our debt maturities over the next three years with the cash we have in the bank right now and still have hundreds of millions of dollars of excess cash flow. On a ratio basis we are also in a very good position. We have $4.9 billion of debt. If you back of excess cash of $1.2 billion that is $3.7 billion of debt. The last twelve months EBITDA $800 million meaning our debt to EBITDA is running four and a half times and that is fully funded debt before our projects open.  That is a position of strength and we believe that this is going to allow us significant flexibility to navigate our way through the next three years.  With that, I am going to turn the call over to Steve to talk about the quarter. 
Steve Wynn:  These conference calls have taken on a whole new dimension as the country goes through everything. I have always thought, because I would like to comment on what Matt said, today even in the old company of Mirage Resorts and the Golden Nugget I have always considered the balance sheet to be part of our marketing strategy.  You design and develop these places and of course the architects and designers do everything they can to make the building functional so the employees can give good service and make the building pleasing and inviting so that people will come back. But once the building is finished as Encore will be and open in 52 or 53 days on December 22, the franchise, the future, the value of the enterprise is almost totally dependent on one thing; customer experience.  Customer experience is almost totally dependent upon the human resource factor, that is to say the staff and our ability to make them interface with the customers in a wonderful, personal, ingratiating way. Then people love the place no matter how much marble or carpet we have got and they want to come back. They are willing to pay the price.  We keep the promise with our service. They tell their friends and in a high line place where there is a department store, hotel or car it is word of mouth that makes all the difference. Price is the most important thing we ever say to our customers. The public discounts almost everything we say with our commercial speech but they do not discount price which is why we protect ours so jealously.  If human resource engineering is the key to the franchise and the endurance and viability of the enterprise then the most important thing about human resource engineering is that first of all before you get fancy the employees have to feel safe. Safe. That means they are not worried about job security. They are not witnessing cut backs and all kinds of economical things that involve cutting back on capital expenditures or improvements or keeping the place up to date and clean or even worse lay offs. Once you do one lay off you might as well do a thousand because everybody is wondering who is next.  If all of this is a simple truth and one can accept that easily then it becomes clear the balance sheet is a key ingredient in the marketing of the enterprise. I have always thought so. That is why when we built this hotel before we borrowed a dime of the $2.7 billion it took to build this place we had $1 billion in cash and we borrowed $1.7 billion. Not exactly highly leveraged transaction, with the help of Deutsche Bank and our other banking friends.  So that mentality which was in place when we built Golden Nugget into Mirage Resorts, the day we sold the company to Kirk the leverage was minimal and the leverage is that way here again. Nothing is new for us. Our philosophy hasnt changed. We are not going to change. We are going to keep the promise. Whether the occupancy in this hotel is 98%, 87% or 78% the people who check into this building expect us to keep the promise as if it was full. We dont get to compromise our service by saying, Gee, times are tough around the country and we cant keep the place clean or something like that. So we have planned for this kind of time not because we are prescient or we have crystal balls but just because it is a fundamental aspect of our operating philosophy.  Encore is going to be open in a few weeks. It is the prettiest thing we have ever done. Im in love with the place. Everybody who has seen it thinks it is terrific. That sounds like a developer speak and it is. Ill take questions.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) The first question comes from Steve Kent - Goldman Sachs. 
Steve Kent - Goldman Sachs: Can you just discuss if you are seeing any changes in October revenues or trends in both Macau and in Vegas and then just talk about the bad debt reserves because obviously that was a little bit different than what we have seen before and maybe given your experience in the industry what kind of changes have you see in bad debt collection and downturns, changes in any customer behavior? 
Steve Wynn:  With regard to the bad debt reserve which is my business to a certain extent we had a good quarter. We made a couple hundred million dollars and Im watching TV and reading the same things you all are reading and Im thinking sooner or later that has to come a cropper in some form or another. We have always been highly reserved. In my entire 40 year career I have never had a situation where I wasnt reserved enough. Im serious, about 40 years. My colleagues and I have been able to understand credit and our customers well enough but again we have been on the conservative end of giving credit.  We dont use credit as a marketing tool in this company. We give credit to people who really dont need it when they ask for it. We dont provoke playing by saying here we will give you more money. We have never done that in the whole 40 years. So as a result we have this terrific credit history. We have never been under-reserved. Ever. We have never had to make a special assessment.  This time I had a chance since we made enough money and I wasnt really worried about stock price but about conservative financial management and I said look lets take $22 million and shove $11 million in China and $11 million in Las Vegas in anticipation of the fact that some of our customers might get in trouble, even though I hope they wont. It was a prophylactic measure. Our auditors agreed that such a measure in such an extraordinary moment in history wasnt unreasonable and they will examine it as I will as we go in the weeks ahead to see if it was justified and if it wasnt Ill put it back. But Im being very conservative. It is nice to be in a position where you are making enough money to be conservative. Andy, would you talk about and maybe Ian talk about changes in revenue as you see it and equalize or normalize whole percentage. Dont play with luck. Just talk with activity levels. 
Andrew Pascal:  I think through the third quarter our business volumes fared better than most here in Las Vegas. In October we have clearly seen more significant softening. Most of it has been isolated to mid-week business. Our weekend business has held up fairly well. I would say the softening is fairly isolated to our mid-week activity and I would say generally it has impacted all the different sources of business fairly equally. Walk in business is off. Occupancy mid-week has softened and that has translated into reduced covers in our restaurants, lower volume of activity on the casino floor. I think where we were trending anywhere from 3.5-6% in terms of top line business being off through September we are seeing more significant declines now in October. 
Ian Coughlan:  In Macau after September showing some weakening, October has been relatively positive. We had a very good October holiday period and business since then has been reasonably strong so we are reasonably encouraged. There has been a bit of a bounce back so we are looking towards the end of the year being a little bit off but not too consequential. 
Steve Wynn:  I know you were going to ask this question, somebody, and I was looking at our EBITDA and cash flow for 305 days through last night. We have made slightly more of an increase in China than the decrease in Las Vegas. So as we go into these last 60 days we have a few million dollar cushion to end up sort of like last year but who knows what November and December will be like. China is pretty stable for us. Las Vegas is, as Terry [Lanning] and everybody else has said, a little murky. It would strike me that if you were a citizen, rational, education person, certainly somebody who had the accomplishment and success in life to be a customer of ours, if you were watching TV or reading the newspapers you would have to be half nuts to spend money instead of waiting around and checking things out to see how the world is going to shake out. This is like after 9/11. Cable communication and all the rest exaggerate. Everything is hyperbolic. Everything is exaggerated. Everything is a big story of the moment and in this particular case we have reality that is tough enough and then when you amplify it with all of the news sources and all the talking heads and all the people who think they have a right or weigh in on the subject, not to mention the rhetoric of the campaign, all of thisif the public isnt jolted then the public is totally immune to being jolted. So I dont take the results of the last few weeks to be indicative of the future. Not to minimize the liquidity problems that face very important sectors of our economy, in terms of the consumer spending I think what we are seeing now is almost a freeze and like a muscle that is flexed you cant hold it for very long. People will relax and return to their habits sooner, I think, than later.  That is not to say I think revenue is going to sky rocket or go through the roof or return to other levels, but I think right now Las Vegas is seeing pretty much some of the worst of it. 
Operator:  The next question comes from Joe Greff  JPMorgan. 
Joe Greff - JPMorgan: Given your liquidity position and capital strength do you view acquisitions any differently than you have before? Does that become more interesting to you? 
Steve Wynn:  You mean the gaming industry? No, we dont want to buy anything. There is nothing we see that we want to own. We do better building our own stuff. We will have plenty to keep us busy. We have a hotel opening in a few weeks and another one opening up 12 months from now in Macau, both of which are the proudest products that either market has ever seen. I predict that the Encore property when it is experienced visually by people will represent a break-away moment in terms of casino design. We have done things there that we have never done before, nor has anyone else and now that we have a chance to see it with the carpet downthis business with having no walls in the casino, having it all glass has an energy and uplifting kind of thing that all of us in the company are getting a great deal of pleasure out of. Because you know it is great when something turns out good. So we are all, in the middle of all this confusion and uncertainty we are all having sort of a good time looking at our new puppy. 
Joe Greff - JPMorgan: Matt, did you buy any shares back in October? 
Matt Maddox:  No. 
Steve Wynn:  104 million shares outstanding as it stands. 
Operator:  The next question comes from Celeste Brown - Morgan Stanley. 
Celeste Brown - Morgan Stanley:
Steve Wynn:  If we can get Encore up properly, there is this whole period where we have the first six months of the new hotel we call it a period of stabilization. That is a very big assignment and it takes Andy and Marc and David Siskin, Maurice Wooden and Rob [Oslin] all their energies. I think if we can do a good job at that we will have occupied ourselves productively and then there is all the other ongoing stuff in China that there is a market so dynamic it changes every five minutes. It is a fascinating place. It is wonderful to do business there. Very wonderful to do business in China. We are grateful for being there. I think maybe we will just sort of bide our time and pay attention and watch our Ps and Qs and get this place all stabilized.  Incidentally, one of the serendipitous and nice side effects of opening Encore was that it gave Andy and his team a chance to react to the change in demand that Steve Kent asked about. For example, there is no question as Andy says demand for mid-week rooms has softened and we have got a very, very dynamic program to open Encore but nevertheless in good times you might project 95% occupancy. That is what we always have had for the last 40 years; 95% to 100% occupancy whenever we open a new hotel. Lets say now Im not sure we are going to be able to beat past 90%. We might be in the 80s. Maybe mid-week you could be in the high 70s and low 80s in worst case scenario in 2009.  Well, what do we do about that? Ive already said numerous times we are not a company that gets to bounce around and change staffing levels and compromise service. We dont do that here. This is a high end, elite company. We cater to a very special part of the market and that is where we are staying. However, there are flexibilities that are available to management and one of the really wonderful moments that occurred is when you open a new hotel and lets say you have 5,500 or 5,600 jobs, some people transfer from Wynn and we fill in behind them and some people are new hires at Encore.  Well what we are able to do is we said lets alter the compendium. Lets make an adjustment and do base staffing to a lower level and we will do new hires less than we would have in boom time and we will use steady extras. In other words, we will transfer more people from Wynn which allows us to take advantage of every single economy that we think is accessible with our level of service and you always know how to make a place a little more efficient. In our company we wait until someone quits and then we dont rehire. That is called lowering your staffing by attrition. Attrition is slower but it also keeps everybody safe.  Now we can transfer people to Encore in new jobs without laying anybody off, tighten up our staffing and use steady extras until we see the level of business at Encore and then put more people on full time. That gives Andy a tremendous nozzle or valve to adjust staffing levels and payroll painlessly and invisibly to our existing employees. That was one of the silver linings to the cloud that is hanging over Las Vegas now and whatever uncertainty we have described in Encore.  So we have been able to use a submarine term, we are rigged for silent running as much as one can do when you have an operation like we operate.  So that has been an interesting thing we have been able to do and we have made that adjustment during the end of September and beginning of October and we are set now for that. I dont know if that is helpful to anybody. We dont do layoffs and we dont cut back but we can run and staff both hotels leaner when we are hiring 4,500 to 5,500 new people.  Anything else? 
Operator:  The next question comes from Rachael Rothman - Merrill Lynch. 
Rachael Rothman - Merrill Lynch: I just wanted to follow-up on the liquidity issue a little bit. Obviously you have done a tremendous job of managing your capital structure, not just keeping enough financial flexibility but opportunisticallycan you kind of prioritize for us, you were buyers of your stock in the 80s? With your stock where it is now or maybe do you see your bonds as a better opportunity to drive returns for equity holders or are you just going to sit with the cash as it is? 
Steve Wynn:  Having a capital structure that is particularly suited to a particular business is a lesson that I have learned from Mike Milken. Michael taught us about the importance of capital structures like that old anecdote horses for courses and capital structures for businesses. In the 70s and early 80s Michael and I, and I must say I got an education about it, the importance of a capital structure for a service intensive, labor intensive business such as ours and those lessons I got from Milken work for us.  As far as what to do with the money, Mr. Maddox is the guy that dreams about that sort of thing every night. 
Matt Maddox:  The way I look at it is not just in the gaming industry but in all industries right now people should be focused on de-leveraging. In times of uncertainty you need to make sure your balance sheet is very, very flexible and the ability to de-leverage and discount is a tremendous opportunity for companies, in particular if they have short-term maturity. So to me that is something we need to be focusing on first until we really see the smoke clear on what is going on in the U.S. 
Rachael Rothman - Merrill Lynch: I believe the yields in some of your maturities is in the 14% range. Have you guys made any over-market purchases of any of your bonds either during the quarter or subsequent to? 
Matt Maddox:  We have not. 
Rachael Rothman - Merrill Lynch: This is just kind of a bigger picture question, maybe you could educate us a little bit, in terms of the rev par figures that we have seen out of Las Vegas as a whole, if you dont want to be specific, some of them are higher than I would have expected given the weak economic backdrop and your commentary about the muscle and it being like September 11. How do we think about or how do we go about ascertaining for some of the properties generally what the right mix of cash versus non-cash rev par is and whether or not some companies may be, I dont want to use the term inflating, but maybe the rev par may be overstating the true economics of the business if that is non-cash [room]? 
Andrew Pascal:  I know that we typically dont get a lot of transparency to the composition of the hotel revenues. Rev par for us is off about 4%. Maybe a little bit over 4%. I can tell you our cash base revenues are off slightly. That can be impacted obviously by having to be more aggressive in the market trying to stimulate demand. So as I alluded to earlier, I dont think it is unique to us that we have got softer business mid-week. So there is an opportunity for us to go and reward our loyal customers with opportunities to come during the mid-week period. That clearly is going to impact the composition of your revenue. I cant speak for anybody else. I know we do that. I dont think we do it nearly as extensively as most people because we are very careful to protect the integrity of our rates. We dont want to get into a cycle or pattern where we start diluting or reducing what we think is the value of our product by how we price it and we certainly dont want people to get into a position where they just simply wait for some type of a discounted offer or complimentary room before they elect to come and visit us.  Those are the kinds of factors we take into consideration when we do things that impact the composition of our revenue. For the most part, we have been able to maintain our rev par. Cash based business is off slight. As I alluded to with the kind of change in composition of our demand going forward I would expect that trend to continue. 
Operator:  The next question comes from Robin Farley  UBS. 
Robin Farley - UBS: You were talking about de-leveraging so share repurchase or special dividend is ruled out for now? Just to sort of clarify. I think that is what you were saying without saying it exactly. Then my other question is the time frame for Cotai development or golf course development in Las Vegas. What are your thoughts there and are those thoughts impacted by what is going on with the markets? In other words are you thinking of those as delayed now versus what you may have thought previously given the financial markets? 
Steve Wynn:  Special dividend or de-leveraging, clearly the answer for Matt and I and the board of directors our focus is on de-leveraging. De-leveraging. Unequivocally that is the priority in this shop along with taking care of the needs of our new customers at Encore and our staff in both hotels.  Cotai and the golf course, I think that if anything the economic environment that we are in and the implications of it would tend to slow us down and make us wait and see and certainly take away any sense of hurry or being impulsive. I dont think that there; again remember you are talking to a company that has two hotels under construction. Neither one of which is open yet. So as far as expansion and growth for the next 12-13 months we have openings and expansions. If they are successful then we are going to have an EBITDA line that is substantially bigger than we have had in the past. That will be good enough for me. I dont have any kind of pressing need to rush into a new hotel at Cotai especially until I have some evidence that the expansions of our neighbors have been absorbed by that market. At the present moment there isnt one shred of evidence to indicate the current expansions have been absorbed let alone any additional ones. That concerns me a lot because at the end of the day whether you are talking about Las Vegas or Macau we are part of this community.  We thrive, this company, on over saturated, over built markets where we can skim off the top level. That is our gig. That is what we do. We love it when everybody else is building a lot of stuff because more people come to town and more people stop by, check us out and think that we are prettier because bigger aint necessarily better. Better is better. They find that out about us and next trip they stay with us. I dont need another hotel right now in order to keep that program. Ive got this one and the one next door in a few weeks and then the one in Macau that is so wonderfully accepted and we have one next door to that which is the absolute all-suite hotel, the Encore there is 404 suites and villas, it is the fanciest thing we have ever built.  That is all we are going to do for now. I dont have any plans to rush into anything else. 
Operator:  The next question comes from Bill Lerner - Deutsche Bank.
Bill Lerner - Deutsche Bank:  Im not sure how to ask this prophylactically so Ill just give it a shot. As you guys have increased bad debt reserves maybe you have tightened player credit. 
Steve Wynn:  Yes. 
Bill Lerner - Deutsche Bank: So my question is assuming since that has happened, what has happened to behavior as you have done that and are you inducing some sort of essentially declines at the high end right now? 
Steve Wynn:  No. For us tightening means reviewing our credit files, checking everything out again. We are not in the face of our customers. I didnt mean to suggest that. It is a question of how much we do in reviewing currently the status of the people that have credit here. But the kind of people that come to Wynn in Macau and Las Vegas are usually really deep. We have got high end business every single day. I dont think we are inducing anybody not to play but on the other hand I dont want this company to be used as a bank. The fact that customers may use casinos as banks will not be a new phenomenon. My friends at Mirage Resorts that I spent 27 years with will attest to the fact that is a thing that happens if you are not diligent and you dont watch and know how to run the floor of the casino. People take money and dont play, which is the worst, or people take money and dont pay which makes it no fun at all.  So, we are careful. Increasing the reserve was a real fit and proper way of putting $22 million aside in a time when people should put $22 million aside. Maybe we will find we dont need it and perhaps that is true but we had enough of a predicate this time to do it and still stay within the guidelines of the SEC and the Internal Revenue Service and our auditors Ernst and Young. But we are being cautious and it is part of our general strategy. 
Operator:  The next question comes from Larry Klatzkin  Jefferies. 
Larry Klatzkin - Jefferies: On regulations and China any feel for commission caps, lifting of Visa restrictions? I hear rumors that they might be increasing the number of cities you can get the number of visas from? Any word on what you are seeing out there? 
Steve Wynn :  I think I have heard some of the same rumors you have. The reason we dont get too excited about it either way is this; and I think this probably makes a major difference between us and some of the other fellows over there. We are very fortunate, privileged and grateful to be invited into the Peoples Republic of China and Macau. It was the greatest break that any company ever could have had in this industry. We have benefited beyond words by the opportunity to be there.  The thing I have learned with the help of some friends of mine that we go to for advice and among them are Mr. Kissinger and Stapleton Roy and people like that who we have asked for counsel that it is important when you are a corporate citizen from another country in China to listen and to fit in. To try and fit in and be helpful and useful.  When they changed the rules in Macau they wanted to expand the market and bring in a different kind of clientele and different kind of building and so they chose a couple of Americans and other people to do so. We fit into that formula thank goodness and we were helpful in achieving that goal.  Now the government as time goes by decides that the economy of Macau is overheating. Not to mention problems that are nationwide in the PRC but the economy of Macau is overheating. The cost of living is escalating too rapidly. The regular citizens in that community are finding it difficult to pay for increasing rental and apartments. There is a squeeze on the cost of living in Macau, all associated with this remarkable boom of building and expansion that we have all been a part of. So the central government in conjunction with the local government, the special administrative region of Edmund Ho decides to cool it down a little. We listen to that because that is what you are supposed to do in China, listen.  So if they decide to cool it down, we are not salmon. We dont swim upstream. We conform and we slow down. We dont get excited about it. That is part of the game. That is the business there. You are part of a bigger picture. You are part of a program that involves more than just your business week to week. You are part of an economic, geopolitical idea of changing a community and that can go too fast and backfire and it started to do that. Or it can be done at a normal rate.  Now when the government regulates things like this they can do so in a number of ways and of course each of those techniques have repercussions which are intended. We listen to those changes. We understand why they are made and we go along with it. If they want to slow down, we slow down. If they want to take it easy, we take it easy. Most of all what we do while we are there is take very good care of our employees because there is a strong, strong feeling for Chinese business, even though we read so much about the democratization of a communist country, the capitalization and the use of the capital markets and the freedoms. There is a very strong tendency or prejudice in governmental policy that is pointed at caring for the people there in a very nice, compassionate way. So the government tends to focus on things like the living standards in Macau in the way they deal with the businesses.  If that is the way it works over there you had best pay attention to it. We do. That is something I dont mind sharing on this conference call because I think it is relevant. 
Larry Klatzkin - Jefferies: I know you are not out there looking for things but it is definitely possible over the next 6 months some unusual bargains and gaming assets out there and I know you have never really bought other peoples problems but is there a right price where someone elses problem actually becomes your opportunity? 
Steve Wynn:  It is best never to say never. I had to have that explained to me. I dont think I want to go any further on a hypothetical with that because Im not thinking of anything off hand that I can respond to. 
Larry Klatzkin - Jefferies: CapEx for the fourth quarter, how will the remaining $5 billion expense be broken down? 
Matt Maddox:  $500 million for Encore Wynn Las Vegas. It will be about half in the fourth quarter and the other half spread through the first two quarters of 2009. For Wynn Macau it is really back loaded to the end of 2009. 
Steve Wynn:  We tend to settle up with the builder after it is open. It will happen after January 1. 
Larry Klatzkin - Jefferies: I know in this economy you arent looking in this direction but anything going on in Japan? 
Steve Wynn:  We havent heard anything new other than the usual static that this committee or that committee is considering it. I know all of the other casino companies run over to Japan at the drop of a hat and tell everybody how great they are. The fact of the matter is this reminds me of England when everybody thought they were going to turn it into Las Vegas and we didnt. I think that the changes in Japan will come very slowly if they do and I dont think we will have a clue to what the business opportunity is until we know what the rules are over there or where. I think you can make the same statement about a number of countries in Asia. That is another reason why we took our time in Macau. We looked at Macau not only as a business opportunity but we also said Macau is going to be our showcase. Best we take our time. Best we do a good job. Because any political entity in Asia who is thinking they may want to have an integrated destination resorts look to Macau to see how good we are doing just as China looked to Las Vegas and that is how we got the concession because they liked Bellagio and Mirage, our work in those two places and Shadow Creek.  So I looked at Macau as a place where our relationship to the community, our relationship to the employees, our caring we were, how well we operated our business, what kind of place we built, all that would be our story. Because owners and chairmen and presidents and executives they can flap their jaws from now until next Sunday. It is all self-serving clap trap. The fact of the matter is businesses are like horses. They run true to form. People that do good work continue to do good work. If you were a country like Japan or any other country that was looking at who you could trust to do a good job you would look at what was done in Macau and what was done in Las Vegas.  That is one of the reasons why we take such good care of our property because at the end of the day if there is to be a beauty contest, for lack of a better term, or a selection process the best argument we make is the work in the hotels we are operating. I think that is all we really have to do. I dont run around new jurisdictions very aggressively. I dont need to. Anybody who is looking at gaming knows about Wynn and the Wynn company. They know who built Bellagio and Mirage. I dont need to repeat it. It works just fine. 
Operator:  The next question comes from Dennis Forst  Keybanc Securities. 
Dennis Forst  Keybanc Securities: What I wanted to ask about had to do really with capEx also. Matt, did you give any guidance for full 2009 capEx? 
Matt Maddox:  No, I was just explaining that Encore Wynn Las Vegas we have about $500 million left to spend and the same thing for Encore Wynn Macau. Besides that our maintenance capEx spend is in the neighborhood of $25-30 million per quarter. I believe this quarter it was $25 million on maintenance, split $14 million in Las Vegas and $11 million in Macau. That will probably pick up next year in Last Vegas with the second property opening but I would say those are good run rates. 
Dennis Forst  Keybanc Securities: For 2010 then we are really talking just maintenance? Maybe some clean up on the Macau number? 
Matt Maddox:  You are on to the right point. That is what a lot of people miss. We become a free cash flow company with significant free cash flow in about 12 months. So if you look at what EBITDA we are going to generate less our capEx it is a significant amount so we are in a very, very good position. Also I want to point out we are very confident in the budget of our property. We are in the final throes of Encore Wynn Las Vegas and $500 million is the high end of what we have left to spend on that property and the same thing at Encore Wynn Macau. 
Dennis Forst  Keybanc Securities: The Wynn Macau number escalated from $600 to $700. Am I right about that? 
Steve Wynn:  Scope change. 
Matt Maddox:  It is a scope change. In truth our budget is around $650 right now with quite a bit of [inaudible] in it but we tend to round up in our disclosures so that is why we have $700. 
Steve Wynn:  We made it bigger. We added a couple of floors. 
Dennis Forst  Keybanc Securities: The tax benefit in the quarter, can you explain to us how the tax rate works? 
Matt Maddox:  Again we had a benefit and that is really solely because the domestic income which is domestic EBITDA less pretty much most of the interest expense and depreciation and amortization in pre-opening we have around $14 million of pre-opening charges at Wynn Las Vegas that caused a loss on the income side. 
Dennis Forst  Keybanc Securities: Most of the debt is domestic debt? 
Matt Maddox:  $3.8 billion. $2.8 billion at Wynn Las Vegas and $1 billion at [Encore]. So your domestic income is a loss. Your foreign income is a significant gain but we [inaudible] taxes on domestic. 
Dennis Forst  Keybanc Securities: Lastly, if you are talking about de-leveraging, someone asked whether you bought bonds and you said no you had not. Why havent you bought bonds? If the yields are in the mid-teens?
Matt Maddox:  What the equity guys really focused on are not as much the yields but the current maturities. I think youll find companies in any industry, not just gaming, should be very, very focused on current maturity or debt that is going current in the next 12 months. Because there is no assurance the capital markets are going to come back. So that is the debt you need to focus on is take out first and then after that you start looking for yield. 
Operator:  The next question comes from David Katz  Oppenheimer & Co. 
David Katz  Oppenheimer & Co. : Can you give us or try and paint us a kind of relative picture, with Encore opening in the demand environment we are in where are you envisioning the sort of Encore customers coming from? If you can give us a picture of how much is new entrance to the market. How much will be sort of out of your own and how much you expect to capture elsewhere. Whatever you can tell us here would help. 
Steve Wynn:  I dont want to add to any of my neighbors woes so if I were to answer that question candidly I would say that our market share will increase in Las Vegas. Does that answer your question? 
Operator:  The next question comes from Susan Berliner  JP Morgan. 
Susan Berliner  JP Morgan : I missed a couple of minutes so I apologize if this question has been asked but I was wondering if you could explain since you have a lot of liquidity why you drew down on the remainder of your U.S. revolver? 
Matt Maddox:  Sure. The U.S. revolver was to fund a project, Encore Las Vegas, and with two months to go and the crisis going on in the financial industry I determined we should take the money now because I wasnt quite sure what banks were going to be left later. 
Steve Wynn:  Matt got scared. 
Matt Maddox:  We drew down the last $360 million and it is only really three months, two and a half months of negative carry because the last thing you would want to do is not have the money to complete the project. 
Operator:  Ladies and gentlemen we have reached the end of the allotted time for questions and answers. I would now like to turn the call back to Mr. Maddox for any closing remarks. 
Steve Wynn:  I dont want to shut anybody off. I know it is a sensitive time. If it is really important to answer any more questions and anybody feels urgent about it I guess we would be glad to extend a little bit. I know that if I were an investor I would want to try and get as much information as I could these days.  Mainly what we tried to do today is to reiterate that in this company first an idea, then a building or hotel. First an idea, then a human resource program. What I think is most important in a time like this for people who are interested in investing in human resource is to know what are the thoughts and priorities of the people who are driving the car. That is why Matt and I and Marc Schoor and Andy Pascal and David and John Strzemp are all here with Ian and I think probably if you are paying attention you hear a pretty consistent story from us. I think that more or less will tell you how we will react to situations as we go along no matter what those exigencies or contingencies may be.  Is there anybody else that felt they got shut out of asking us a question today? 
Operator:  The next question comes from Mike [Shrgast]  Long Acre. 
Mike [Shrgast]  Long Acre: I was just wondering can you bridge the gap in the cash balance if you ended last quarter with $1.4 billion, you drew down $1 billion that takes you to $2.4 billion and you ended with $1.7 billion that implies $700 million cash outflow. If you net capEx against EBITDA minus some of the cash charges it sort of looks like there was a greater outflow of around $460 million. Is that just a gross capEx that Im missing? 
Matt Maddox:  No, what you are missing is we did repurchase stock in July. 
Mike [Shrgast]  Long Acre: The $330 correct? 
Matt Maddox:  Exactly that we disclosed on our last conference call. I think that is the majority of what you are missing. 
Mike [Shrgast]  Long Acre: On your comments Steve in the beginning regarding the softness in the mid-week segment, when you look back having built this thing right before the economy rebounded last time I guess what is your feeling here as you look at the weekday business versus the weekend business? I would think the weekend business you can always feel confident about. It is the weekday business that is maybe giving everybody the extra margin and the extra hotel dollars over the last couple of years. 
Steve Wynn:  It is what it is. We opened Mirage in November 22 of 1989. 1990 was okay but we ran right into the recession after that. Mirage powered through it. Mirage powered through it. It had better days after the recession but it didnt get in trouble during the recession.  Andy this business about the mid-week, you want to comment? 
Andrew Pascal:  I think historically we have always relied mid-week more heavily on the convention business and the leisure segment. The convention business typically books much further in advance and then you layer in the leisure segment which allows you to build up your base and then you yield up from there with your transient segment. So there is just a lot less certainty in kind of what is happening with the convention business. I think across the board industries are just looking at how and where they are spending their money and there is just a little less predictability there. I think as things start to stabilize and people get a little bit more comfortable then we would expect those commitments will firm up and that business will strengthen and we will kind of return to where we were. 
Marc Schorr:  However, the first quarter of 2009 we see a stronger February and March bookings this year in convention business over the previous year. 
Operator:  The next question comes from David Winters - Wintergreen Advisors. 
David Winters - Wintergreen Advisors: It seems like Macau is doing great and should do fabulously well over the long run and Las Vegas has softness but in general people are missing the point. It seems like the sentiment has just been horrible yet the company is doing just fine. You have executed beautifully and created all kinds of asset value from basically nothing over the years. When I listen to all of you talk for the last hour that is what I get out of it. Does that make sense? 
Steve Wynn:  The point is we are here for the long run. That is why I said the last time we had one of these calls I really didnt care about the economy in the sense it concerns me about the company. I am certainly concerned about the welfare of my fellow casino operators up and down the strip. Some of them are very close friends of mine and Im worried about their employee base and all of that. Im concerned about how much expansion the market can take for their sake, not for mine. For their sake. But we are who we are. The last 40 years or so, or at least since 1989 when we opened the Mirage, even before that in Atlantic City and down on Fremont Street when was it that any hotel of ours didnt increase market share in hard times and prosper in good times or bad? It has been 40 years. Just take a look, on Fremont Street we made as much money at the Golden Nugget as all the good places on Fremont Street combined. We had over 50% of the earnings of the downtown area.  Same thing happened, the smallest casino in Atlantic City and we made most of the money. We did more in the first quarter we opened the Golden Nugget in Atlantic City than the other four or five places combined that quarter. The same thing was true; we made more money with Mirage after MGM opened 5,000 rooms with our 3,000 room Mirage than we did the year before they opened.  We like it when there is lots of business and people open. We have been consistent all this time. Our philosophy hasnt changed. It is not going to change. I dont care who owns the stock and who doesnt own the stock. We are running the business for the long-term and incidentally in the Wall Street Journal today they misquoted me. I didnt say pooka pooka, I said booga booga. Which is an attempt to be humorous and that is what the boogey man used to say, booga booga. We dont have the booga booga chills around here.  It is nice of you all to tune in for our call. We will do our best to deal with the ups and downs of the short-term rollercoaster. For those of you who own our shares be of good heart. We will be okay. For those of you who dont and who are short-term thinkers, stay out of the company.  Nice talking to you. 
Operator:  Thank you for participating in todays Wynn Resort Ltd. third quarter conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-07-24 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Matt Maddox - CFO and Treasurer Steve Wynn - Chairman and CEO Andrew Pascal - President and CEO, Wynn Las Vegas, LLC Marc Schorr - COO John Strzemp - EVP and CAO David Sisk - SVP and CFO, Wynn Las Vegas, LLC Scott Peterson - CFO, Wynn Resorts (Macau), S.A.
Analysts: Celeste Brown - Morgan Stanley Joe Greff - JPMorgan Steve Kent - Goldman Sachs Rachael Rothman - Merrill Lynch Dan Geary - Wintergreen Advisors Larry Klatzkin - Jefferies Steve Wieczynski - Stifel Nicolaus Bill Lerner - Deutsche Bank David Tom - - Shareholder Robin Farley - UBS
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Wynn Resorts, Limited second quarter conference call. Joining the call on behalf of the company today are Steve Wynn, Marc Schorr, John Strzemp, Matt Maddox, Andrew Pascal, President of Wynn Las Vegas; David Sisk, CFO of Wynn Las Vegas; and on the phone, Scott Peterson, CFO of Wynn Macau. (Operator Instructions) Thank you. Now, I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Maddox. Please go ahead, sir.
Matt Maddox: Thanks, Michael. Given that we released our preliminary results about two weeks ago, we are not going to open this call with prepared comments. We're just going to turn it straight over to question and answers. But before we do that, I need to remind everybody that we will be making forward-looking statements under the Safe Harbor Federal Securities Laws. And because the management team at Wynn Resorts cannot predict the future, these may or may not happen. So, with that, I'd like to go ahead and open it up for questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from Celeste Brown with Morgan Stanley.
Celeste Brown - Morgan Stanley: Hi, gentlemen. Good evening.
Steve Wynn: Hi.
Celeste Brown - Morgan Stanley: I have a question for Matt and a question for Steve. Matt, can you share with us how much stock you've bought back, I guess, over the past quarter?
Matt Maddox: Yes, sure. We repurchased, over the last 60 days, about $695 million worth of stock. We repurchased 4.2 million shares at $85 in June and an additional 4.2 million shares at $79 in July. So the total is 8.4 million shares. And then if you add that to the 4.4 million shares that we repurchased in the previous quarters, we're at 12.8 million shares at an average price of around $87 or close to $1.2 billion.
Celeste Brown - Morgan Stanley: Okay. And then, Steve --.
Andrew Pascal: That results in outstanding shares of about 103 million.
Matt Maddox: That's correct.
Celeste Brown - Morgan Stanley: Steve --.
Andrew Pascal: So, it's about 13 and 103 left.
Celeste Brown - Morgan Stanley: Okay. And, Steve, everyone is doubting Vegas and you have this every couple of years where they say Vegas is dead. I think you've said in the past that innovation is a key to Vegas continuing to draw on visitors. Can you talk about what you are doing that's going to continue to draw in new people and drive growth in the market?
Steve Wynn: Well, we actually enjoy the company of all those people who say Vegas is dead, because it drives the stock down. You get to buy some back at prices that we think are terrific. And when it comes to predicting Las Vegas and describing why it has survived in spite of all of the other stuff, if you have any sense of history whatsoever about this city, then you recognize its central personality. Las Vegas has been the place where the party has been going on for 50 or 60 years. And to the extent that this city has made a promise that it was an exciting place and the party was going 24/7, it has kept that promise decade in and decade out. The promise has taken different forms as a result of the influence of different men. Some of them like Kirk and I are still around and there is always new ones coming up that are doing fabulous jobs like [Malouf's] and the [Fatita's] and the Boyd's. We've been here a long time and we've adjusted to changing times. And we offer products and hotels that have been very successful or semi-successful or mundane, as the case may be, depending upon imagination and management's ability to understand the customer in a very emotional sense of the word. People come to Las Vegas to live large, have experiences they can't get at home. So, when you just throw footage at them or just throw stuff at them, they react in an unprecedented way. But when you spark it up with creativity or originality, might even show people that you really understand who they are and what they want, they pony up the money, they pay the price and they come back again and again to Las Vegas. Otherwise, how could you have ever explained the fact that all the big Chinese players flew right over Macau to come to Las Vegas on Chinese New Year. I mean, we've had evidence. We've had historical case studies decade in and decade out about this city. And for some reason, it has not been able to sink in to the journalists that write about this place. I guess I'm happy, because it gives us the opportunity. But frankly speaking, the historical sense of Las Vegas has been sort of slow to sink in. That's it.
Celeste Brown - Morgan Stanley: And, Steve, what do you notice being different about the environment we're in today versus prior environments? I think you said in an interview that you've seen two of the downturns prior to this one. Is there anything different in your eyes?
Steve Wynn: No, no. You distinguish the events that produced cyclical economic activity, and they're always sort of unique to the moment. For the large part, (inaudible) oil has hit us in the butt and caused inflation under dislocation economically. And of course, when it does, it affects energy. Las Vegas is a reflection of that, just like the rest of the country. But there is not a heck of a lot of difference between what's going on now in terms of recessive and economic profile and other recessions really, not in my mind.
Celeste Brown - Morgan Stanley: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Joe Greff with JPMorgan.
Joe Greff - JPMorgan: Good afternoon, everyone. Steve, I was hoping, can you give us an update on your Cotai opportunity, both maybe in terms of timing and positioning? And as you continue to observe what's going on right now on Cotai with some of your competitors, how does that influence or change your thinking on that front?
Steve Wynn: We look at the competitors and really talk here in markets that are overdeveloping. And whether the competitors are struggling --.
Unidentified Company Representative: You need to speak up a little bit.
Steve Wynn: Am I being heard?
Joe Greff - JPMorgan: I can't really hear you all that well, but it could be my phone.
Steve Wynn: I'm sorry. Let me move. Can you hear me now?
Joe Greff - JPMorgan: That's great. Thanks, Steve.
Steve Wynn: Okay. We thrive in markets that are overdeveloped. And overdeveloped markets always have people that are struggling or underperforming. We don't really care, because we're not the Chamber of Commerce. But the more people there are in the market, the better it is for us, because we take the top end of that business. So we like it when it's overdeveloped, and we don't particularly care whether our neighbors, I would prefer that our neighbors be successful, but their success is not entirely relevant to our own performance. And I think you've seen that in the past. So, does that answer your question?
Joe Greff - JPMorgan: Partially. I was hoping maybe in terms of timing for when you think you would break ground or when you would open. And then further to that question is, is there any kind of commitment that you've made to Macau Government or to the Central Government in China that gives you latitude if you would like to alter that, whatever that timing might be?
Steve Wynn: Well, I don't have an opening and a groundbreaking date. I'm in design development with my colleagues now on Cotai. And we intend and our project is taking shape to be quite different from anything that we've ever done before or that exists. And the idea that we're exploring in Cotai is the one we're also exploring for the golf course, here in Las Vegas. So, to the extent that we are capable of ramping up dimensionally, with an idea, and in this company, first an idea, then a place or a thing. We are developing the notion for both places, but undoubtedly, Cotai will be first. I don't have those dates for you, Joe, today. I'm sorry. And the way it works in China is that you submit your plans, you pay your premium and you have a reasonable amount of time to begin the work. If you want to amend or change the product, you file an amendment with them and that may or may not cause a change depending on the footage or the components in the premium. But it's very much like the United States, though. You go through design development. And once you have the land, you do your project. But the difference is there you have to do the project. You can't quit without forfeiting the land. We don't have any intention of being in such a predicament. But as far as the freedom of design, it's the same as here. You're limited by your imagination.
Joe Greff - JPMorgan: Great. And then maybe, Steve, you can give us your big picture view on maybe what the government is trying to do with restricting travel and visas. And what do you think is going on there and how do you see that potentially impacting your business there in the Macau market?
Steve Wynn: Well, China is managed by very intelligent people. They handle big problems efficiently, probably more efficiently than us in the United States, in my view. And inflation is a problem in China. And I think that the government is trying to keep the jets cooled. They're trying to make sure that that place doesn't get too overheated. I can only guess, because, of course, I'm not privy to the conversations of the Standing Committee or the Central Committee or the Communist Party or the government itself. But I would assume that restrictions on visas are cooling effects and especially impacts the mass market which affects our competitors more than us really. It's conjecture as opposed to any insight that's significant, I'm sorry to say.
Joe Greff - JPMorgan: Okay. That's helpful. Thanks, Steve.
Operator: Your next question comes from Steve Kent with Goldman Sachs.
Steve Kent - Goldman Sachs: Hi. Maybe you could comment on some of the press reports about some corporate actions around your property in Macau. I mean there has been reports of spinning it off, selling a percentage of the property. I don't really understand the rationale to do that. But maybe you could explain that or give us some value creation from that. And then also, maybe you could talk just about how current trends are in Macau, whether visa restrictions or junket policy or anything like that is affecting current trends over the past few weeks, given the very active momentum in that market.
Steve Wynn: With regard to corporate finance activities, we are not in the market selling any part of the Chinese subsidiary. But like anything else in this company, all of us in management to perceive the opportunity to achieve greater value, we would unhesitatingly jump on it. Were we to perceive an under-evaluation, we would immediately jump on it, and we'll make those judgments in due course as time goes by and no other commitments are appropriate, except you can count on us to be able to add and to calculate things at least as well as the investment community does with regard to our own property.
Steve Kent - Goldman Sachs: Okay.
Steve Wynn: As far as the second part of your question, which was about the government's junket activity --.
Steve Kent - Goldman Sachs: Any changes at the margin over the past few weeks or even a month or two?
Steve Wynn: Well, there was an awful lot of publicity about a junket war. And as I remember, some of the sell-side analysts predicted doom and gloom. We had guys in Hong Kong and the press saying that all of our junket operators will leave us. The status of the journalism associated with gaming is deplorable. I mean we sit around here and just grimace at the ignorance which characterizes most of this writing. But it is this simple. Everything that's ever happened in China is a repeat of the same lesson that the government pays attention to the affairs that go on in its jurisdictions and they take an active role in expressing themselves when they think it's appropriate. An uncontrolled junket scenario would be bad for Macau, bad for the employees, bad for the community, and it would not be tolerated by the government, nor was it ever about to be tolerated by the government. So, it came as no surprise to us that they said to some of the other operators, "That's quite enough. Go back to 1.25." There are six enterprises that can operate gaming in Macau in the special administrative region. I think you know who they are. There are three primary concessionaires and three sub-concessionaires, a total of six. Five of the six chased each other in a circle raising junket fees and blew their margins and then complained about it. We did not. We experienced our greatest revenue periods in the history of the company at a lower rate of junket commissions than the other five. The government stepped in and said, "We really don't want to see this go any further. Go back to 1.25 or 40% of the win, which is roughly the same thing." And they're going to make a law out of it, as a matter of fact, with the [Lynch & Co]. So, you shouldn't be surprised that in the Peoples Republic of China and in the special administrative region of Macau or Hong Kong, for that matter, that the governmental authorities will lose control of the businesses that are there. I think that the chances of that happening are close to zero. And that's the way it's going to be in the future.
Steve Kent - Goldman Sachs: Okay. Thanks, Steve. Thanks, Matt.
Operator: Your next question comes from Rachael Rothman with Merrill Lynch.
Rachael Rothman - Merrill Lynch: Hi. Good afternoon. Steve, I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about the physical structure of your assets and maybe how you're positioning Encore in Macau and Encore in Vegas and going to differentiate them from your existing assets. And maybe --.
Steve Wynn: That's a good question.
Rachael Rothman - Merrill Lynch: I am sorry.
Steve Wynn: That's a very good question, Rachael. And I am glad you ask it, because it is appropriate to answer it, and I will try and do it in this way. Remember I said a moment ago that in this company first an idea, then a thing or a building or a restaurant or a program. And in the case of Wynn Las Vegas, we tried to preserve intimacy but still have choice, which goes along with success and which is a very integral part of any offering these days in a destination resort. Lots of restaurants, lots of stuff, lots of shopping, lots of this, lots of that. But the trouble is, the places get vast. They get oversized. I felt that way. To a certain extent, I felt Bellagio was getting a little bit for me before we sold it. The distances to walk were great. And I asked myself, could we build a place that preserved human scale and intimacy, and yet, at the same time, continued to offer choice to our guests. And I used New York City as a model. There was a great city with all the choice in the world, yet within neighborhoods like Tribeca or Soho, Broadway, Upper East Side, or Harlem, you could find intimacy. And that was the guiding principle or notion that -- sensibility that underpinned the arrangements of the parts of this hotel when we built it in 2000 to 2005. And, yet, of course, we decided to maintain the highest standard of service with our staff, quality of food. We matched the shops to the sensibility of the guests that we were expecting to stay here. We matched our restaurant offerings to the sensibilities of the guests that we were inviting, and with that, in that way, we were consistent and not schizophrenic in our presentation. So when it comes to building next door on the adjacent piece of property, it's very much like a museum or a collection. We refer to this as the Wynn Collection. And like a museum that has paintings, it has Picasso, it has Matisse, the two best 20th Century artists, pop art, Lichtenstein and Warhol. Neither Lichtenstein nor Warhol are the same as one to the other, but they're both good pop art. Picasso is not the same as Matisse, but they belong together in a collection. And so, when we did Encore, we said, "If New York and the sensibility of neighborhoods is the driving force of the integration of the parts to the whole, what would be the philosophical notion or sensibility of Encore?" And we based our answer to that question on things that had happened in this city recently. Since 2000, the rise of the nightclubs and the party scene that has now become a $600 million or $700 million business in Las Vegas and, incidentally, caused a lot of trouble with the second shows and the showrooms, the nightclubs, the desire for this generation and even my generation to be up late and listen to the music and raising hell, that has taken a turn. And so we looked to the south of France. We looked to the other great resort, imaginative places, and we said, "Think of [Sankol Sank], the Beach 55 at San Trope. The party starts in the afternoon, goes through lunch, dinner, and then continues at byblos in the nightclub." And in the case of Encore, we were thinking of that as an appropriate addition, an appropriate other offering to the people who would be on our property. And so, we opened the casino more. If Wynn and other casinos, for example, to use that as an exhibit, a casino Wynn is a pretty casino, but it's walls around a big room that contains activity. What we did in Macau, which was an experiment that worked out very well, and what we're doing again in Las Vegas, is we took the walls away and turned them to glass looking onto gardens and the party at the pool and the nightclubs and the cabanas and the restaurants that are outside. We took the walls away from the casino and then we made chambers within the casino that are small and more intimate spaces that would allow people to be in small spaces surrounded by big, beautiful spaces. Now, that's a complete reversal psychologically, to the environment of Wynn. And, yet, side-by-side, the places offer a wonderful choice emotionally to the people who visit. Therefore, Wynn and Encore are a collection of equals. Now, the casino is a little smaller, the rooms are a little bigger. They're all suites. That's okay too. That's another choice and choice is what we're all about. But one thing is for sure, if you're talking about this company, we stay at the top end and we intend to keep a grip on it. I hope that answers your question. That's the most technical explanation I can give you. 
Rachael Rothman - Merrill Lynch: Great. Thank you so much. I appreciate it. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Dan Geary with Wintergreen Advisors. 
Dan Geary - Wintergreen Advisors: Hi, guys. I know you don't worry much about short-term economic issues or stock --? 
Steve Wynn: Not at all. 
Dan Geary - Wintergreen Advisors: Market fluctuations. Us either. And it seems like both your existing properties are doing really well and Encore is pretty much fully funded and going to raise the bar for Vegas and Macau again. But what does worry you as you look out a couple years in the future? What kind of nods at you and keeps you worried at night, either --. 
Steve Wynn: Well --. 
Dan Geary - Wintergreen Advisors: The company specific or just generally? 
Steve Wynn: Not to be too frivolous about this, but I've always been a guy that thinks no one's going to show up, which is probably why we over-design these places. If I don't go wow, why would you go wow? If I'm not delighted with the place, I certainly wouldn't expect anyone else to be. And I only hope that we've used our capital responsibly. Our places tend to be expensive, not as expensive as some of the others that I'm hearing about these days. But we don't worry about how much a thing costs if it's the right thing, because we know that if we do it well enough our business will justify that investment. I wonder and I'm always second guessing myself, as are my colleagues, on did we do it well enough? Did we take enough time? Were we thoughtful enough? Were we sensitive enough to our guests? If the answer to that question is primarily yes, because I don't think anybody is ever perfectly successful. As human beings we're only partially successful in achieving our goals. But if we're substantially successful, I believe that the rest takes care of itself. And the end of the day, we're going through the hiring this week. We had 14,000 people in 30 hours apply for jobs here. Half of them were unemployed. And how many now, after --. 
Matt Maddox: About 24,000. 
Steve Wynn: 24,000 now, this is our third day. And it's interesting to note that half of them are unemployed. 
Matt Maddox: About 30%. 
Steve Wynn: Now it's down to 30% are unemployed and 70% are from other places. If we could do a good job of screening those people, this is big stuff. This is one of the great creative moments. If we can do a really good job picking the new members of our family, if we can get happy souls that really like each other and like people, then I tell you, we will prevail in the future in any economic environment. So I worry about those rather simple short-term issues that are before us at the moment, and that is the staffing of Encore. Other than that, I'm not worried at all. Nothing else bothers me. We got money. We are funded. We got funded at very, very advantageous rates. And the company has never been positioned better than this. I'm not trying to sell this company to anybody. As I told you, I'm quite happy when the stock prevents a buying opportunity, speaking for myself. So I really don't care whether you guys are buying or not. But I do care that we're doing a good job and executing our responsibilities. And this period that we're in is really a key period. Andy and everybody are picking 5,300 people. 1,700 of them will replace the folks that we're transferring from Wynn to Encore. And then the other 3,600 or 3,700 people will be brand new at Encore itself. We're trying to carry that culture next door, and we've never had a better culture at any of my prior enterprises than we do this time. Our human resource efforts have matured and Wynn and the attitude of our staff is absolutely delicious. I've never been happier with the people that work for me, the dealers, the housekeeping, the food and beverage, the accounting folks, the public area porters in this hotel are dreamy. So that's what I'm worried about. 
Dan Geary - Wintergreen Advisors: All right, thanks. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Larry Klatzkin with Jefferies. 
Larry Klatzkin - Jefferies: Hi, Steve. Couple questions. One, is it true that when the commission cap comes in effect that that really has a minimal effect on your property, that you're not really paying commissions much over 1.25 anyway? 
Steve Wynn: We're paying -- we've never paid any more than that. Actually, less in most cases. 
Larry Klatzkin - Jefferies: All right. 
Steve Wynn: The commission cap affected the other five guys. We never went up, Larry, only the other five did. 
Larry Klatzkin - Jefferies: All right, that --. 
Steve Wynn: In the case of one or two of them, it was to teach a lesson to the other three or something, some foolishness like that. But we never joined that herd in that particular move. We thought it was self-defeating and rather foolish, to be honest with you. It looked like a dumb thing to do to blow your margin. What good is it to buy business? Listen, I've been at this for 40 years. And every second rate management team has tried to buy business. How many times, historically, do you have to see that it doesn't work before you finally get it through your head that you can't buy business and survive in the gaming industry? But I guess that when new people come that have no sense of history, they have to go through the learning curve all by themselves, and, God bless them, we'll stand around and wait for them to be finished. 
Larry Klatzkin - Jefferies: All right. Second question, Steve, what keeps you up at night? What out there is concerning you in the market right now? 
Steve Wynn: If Elaine kicks me. Nothing keeps me up at night. I'm having a really good time, actually. This is one of the sweetest times of my life, seven grandchildren and two healthy businesses, and construction in two cities with healthy, full financing. We don't need any more licenses. We don't need any more jurisdictions. We can be busy for the next 10 years growing with just the stuff that we own now. But more importantly, by taking this rather conservative attitude, we build better projects. Bigger is not better. Better is better. And as we build better projects, we cement and reinforce our reputation for being consistent and dependable. And when new jurisdictions come online, when and if they do, if the business opportunity is right, we will be given an opportunity to participate without exception. The issue is, do we protect our reputation and our brand or do we grow over aggressively and haphazardly? That's a danger to -- especially in periods when there's a lot of money available. It's so easy for people to go off half baked and half cocked, over pay for property, bite off more than they can chew. And I've always been worried about that, because I thought, well, if we could do a good job on the things we're doing, then people will trust us, not just our employees, but our customers will trust us and if there's new jurisdiction, let's just assume that it's an important jurisdiction, for example, let's take Japan or Taiwan or some important place like that, or a new State in America. You have to assume that there'll be people in that process who really know what they're talking about. And, naturally, they'll go looking for the best operator. And you'll be known by the work that you've done. We've got a concession in Macau because the people who were making those selections had stayed at the Mirage and Bellagio. That's how we got our concession. We didn't do any political maneuvering. We didn't know anybody. We didn't have any connections. We just had nice hotels and people trusted that. That's our story and we're sticking to it. 
Larry Klatzkin - Jefferies: Okay. That makes good sense. As far as Japan goes, do you see any -- is that still probably two years away or is that --? 
Steve Wynn: I don't have a clue as to where Japan really is in what you'd call an arc to legalization if it's in one at all. These kinds of subjects, naturally, get lots of public conversation. At any given moment in any jurisdiction on Earth, there's a politician or a business group that is trying to promote the expansion of gaming as a source of employment or tax revenues or touristic development. It's a natural kind of thing, so there's always stories in some newspaper and, of course, half the gaming companies jump on their airplanes and run off hysterically to make sure that nobody gets ahead of them in the queue and basically it's not what happens in the end of the day. You look back at Great Britain. They issued the Budd Report and then a White Paper. And when the British government issues a White Paper that means they're really serious. And everybody said, they're going to change England and make it like Nevada. They're going to really open it up. And we said to ourselves here, that is such an inconsistent likelihood. It is so -- such a turnaround for the British personality. We don't, based upon history, and for some reason studying history and gaming executive thinking don't go together. But if you studied the history of Great Britain, you would have known that that was the opposite of their inclination. And so we didn't go to England and we didn't buy any property and we didn't do anything. And, of course, they didn't change anything in England. I'm not saying we're smarter than anybody else. But I am saying we can and do study history. And that's the best predictability of the future. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Steve Wieczynski with Stifel Nicolaus. 
Steve Wieczynski - Stifel Nicolaus: Yes. Good afternoon, guys. Hey, Steve, I know it's still kind of early, but can you give any insight in terms of how advanced bookings are going for Encore? 
Steve Wynn: Andy? 
Andrew Pascal: It's too early. 
Steve Wynn: Too early. You know what we did, which is sort of par for the course, you're never sure at the very beginning whether your opening date is perfect. You get a schedule from the builder. And I was in a construction update meeting with Andy and everybody this morning at 8 o'clock, and our builder, [Ron Tudor], and everything is looking fine. Naturally, there's a lot of things that have to happen. But what does happen at the end that is a very important factor? Out here in Nevada, we have a tremendous requirement for life safety. The standards imposed upon new construction since the fire at MGM in the late '70s are horrendous. You can't die in a fire in one of these buildings here. They can't burn. You might ruin your clothes or get soaking wet with the sprinkler system, but you won't die in a fire here. And they have a routine for inspection before you can get a certificate of occupancy in these buildings that is very, very convoluted and very long and arduous. We budget eight weeks. It's minimally six and we put in a 33% cushion, and we budget eight weeks of inspections. And during those inspections, depending on what section of the building we're talking about, the building has to be cleared of all workmen. And until those inspections have been approved and you have a certificate of occupancy, you may not occupy the space with your employees, which represents the final stage of the move in. So we get to the point we are now, five months out, and we say, inspections start next week or they may have started already, Andy?
Andrew Pascal: Start this week.
Steve Wynn: They started this week. The inspection process begins with the fire department and the building department for us to get signed off area by area. And let's say that one of our systems fails and instead of just taking a day or so to fix that particular system, it's more complicated and that could affect our opening date. So we set a date for December 1 turnover. It looks good to us. That means that we'd be open and running with the cash registers clinking away for Christmas/New Year's. But Marc Schorr, who is a conservative kid from Long Island says, "I'm not going to be embarrassed and have to move people from our hotel because we're two weeks late. So I'm not going to open up bookings for conventions or big time bookings until February." If everything goes according to Hoyle and we're in hunky-dory shape the first of November or the middle of October and all the big inspections are rolling out without a hitch, then we'll open reservations for December for the transients in November or October; by October, Andy is saying to me. If that's true, then we may not have full occupancy. But that's precisely the time when we don't really care about full occupancy. We'd rather have partial occupancy and ramp up. We're going to have our employees stay in the hotel for three weeks, eat in all the restaurants, stay in the rooms, call for room service. We take our time in pre-opening procedures so that we can make a good impression. But until October, we won't know. So we don't open up the booking machine until the last minute. We are taking reservations for next year and they are doing fine.
Andrew Pascal: We're taking transient calls.
Steve Wynn: Yeah. We took transient calls and we're booking February 6, forward. But what happens between December 1 and February 6, we'll be able to influence that rather powerlessly in October. But we are holding to our date, incidentally, as of this conference call. And as I say, I'm fresh from an 8 o'clock meeting this morning, so I can tell you that's how it looks and $2.3 billion includes a big, fat contingency. Maybe we'll roll that back when we're all done. But we prefer to put the bigger number up there and then scale back.
Steve Wieczynski - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay, great. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from Bill Lerner with Deutsche Bank.
Bill Lerner - Deutsche Bank: Thanks. Hi, guys. Hi, Steve. Two questions. One, Steve, could you just talk about, I guess, the rationale behind the hire of Tim and Tom and just generally what they're going to be doing? And then the follow-up is, in Macau, I guess you really obviously more than doubled or nearly tripled your slot count, but win per unit only sell about 30%. So, obviously there's mass market growth, but what else is going on there? Are you converting people in a big way from the tree at the corner of the property or is there something else?
Steve Wynn: For the people who are listening, the tree at the corner of the property is sort of a Wynn signature idea of public entertainment. You saw it with the volcano and pirate ships that sink and waters that dance to Italian singers, that sort of thing. More of that is on the way at our new properties. Our win per unit in the slot machines is primarily due to the fact that we took our time. And when we opened the pieces that we opened, they had the same kind of fanciful, integrated sex appeal that the original place had, and that just gave the opportunity for more people to enjoy the place. The other factor that's at work at Macau is Marc Schorr, who is the member of this family, that's the revenue hound, especially with the mass market. So Marc, as is his custom, took a look at the process as the construction was winding down, and said, "Okay, I only intend to fill this place." And then Marc Schorr relied upon his experience, starting in Laughlin and even earlier in Atlantic City and instituted programs to take advantage of the spaces that we were building and took personal control of that subject and knew exactly what to do. Now, as far as explaining what we did, this conference call is enlightening, but we aren't giving lessons. So I'll leave it at that. Let the other guys figure it out for themselves.
Bill Lerner - Deutsche Bank: Okay. Great.
Andrew Pascal: Tim and Tom.
Steve Wynn: You asked me about Tim Tom. That's the happy phrase we use here for Mr. Breitling and Mr. Poster, or Mr. Poster and Mr. Breitling, more accurately. And we have plans to grow in the future, both here and China and elsewhere. And the opportunity to get two men who are just barely getting into their prime was irresistible. We've known them for a long time, admired what they did in the travel business. But beyond the technical things that made them wealthy individuals and successful entrepreneurs, they have a sweetness of personality, a sensitivity to people and a passion for this business that made the two of them individually and as a team irresistible to us. So we scooped them up. We didn't want to see Tim and Tom out on the street where they might get in trouble. So we invited them to come in out of the bright sun and stick around here with us and try and figure out what to do next, which is what's fun about this business.
Bill Lerner - Deutsche Bank: That's all. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from shareholder, [David Tom].
David Tom: Good morning. Thank you for taking my call.
Steve Wynn: Got a lot of shares?
David Tom - Shareholder: Excuse me, Steve?
Steve Wynn: You've got a lot of shares?
David Tom: I have 800 shares, sir.
Andrew Pascal: Good.
Steve Wynn: Attaboy. Well, that makes you and I partners.
David Tom: Thanks so much. Than you for taking my call, first things first. But I'd like to ask you a little bit about Macau and are you positioning the property there to take advantage of the upcoming Olympic Games and --.
Steve Wynn: Not really, David. The Olympics are 1,000 miles away in Beijing. I think that the migration to Beijing for those games and for the equestrian events in Hong Kong are a significant event in each of those communities. I am not sure that we would say there would be any significant falloff in Macau.
David Tom: Okay.
Steve Wynn: So we didn't focus on that. And I don't think we've missed anything by not focusing on it.
David Tom: Okay. All right. That answers my question there. In last quarter's call, you kind of departed from the norm and gave us kind of a little update as to RevPAR and occupancy rates and stuff like that. Do you anticipate doing something like that again in the future in case the shorts need a wakeup call like they did this past couple weeks?
Steve Wynn: I don't know. Have we done enough damage to the shorts? You know, I don't know if you can ever kill them, and I mean that jokingly. They're nice because they represent demand for buying in the future. But, no, there's not a lot of lending in this company. And the stock is rather closely held. And I think being a naked short in the Wynn stock is a risky business and let them deal with that. That's what they do for a living. I don't particularly want to give guidance to the shorts. It's more fun to bounce them.
Operator: Our final question comes from Robin Farley with UBS.
Steve Wynn: Robin, we were afraid you weren't there today.
Robin Farley - UBS: Yeah. I was wondering when I was going to get through too. Three questions. One is just the Encore budget up about $100 million from last quarter. Is that scope changes or just higher construction costs, and at what point are all the costs locked in? And then I have two other questions.
Steve Wynn: Well, the increase in the Encore budget in Macau, here, scope changes, the project is bigger.
Robin Farley - UBS: Did it change in the last quarter?
Steve Wynn: Pardon me?
Robin Farley - UBS: Scope changes in the last quarter in Las Vegas?
Steve Wynn: Yeah. We added some more stuff.
Robin Farley - UBS: Okay. And then second question is, it sounds like the Macau market overall volumes are down in July since June and that's a little weaker than the usual seasonal uptick from June to July. Can you talk about is that something you are seeing or is that just the rest of the market because I think that would give us some insight into whether it's visa restrictions or if you're not seeing it maybe it's related to others and credit and liquidity issues or things like that?
Steve Wynn: Robin, at the moment it's related to others, not us. But we need also to pay attention to the visa restriction. It starts in August, not now.
Robin Farley - UBS: Well, there was some visa tightening in June and July, but you're saying that hasn't impacted you?
Steve Wynn: We didn't see it, Robin.
Robin Farley - UBS: Okay, great. And then last question is there's a lot of concern about the number of airline seats coming out of the Las Vegas market, starting in Q4, as probably the biggest reduction in airline seats in Las Vegas. Is there anything that you feel like you need to do or can do in response to that or in anticipation of that?
Steve Wynn: No. But it's a serious thing, Robin. You are right to mention it. I know that among your colleagues, you tend to be a little bit more conservative and pessimistic than others. And I think in this particular case, you put your finger on a big point, namely that the amount of lift into town is going to be constrained. That has to be an item. And we do get people on airplanes here. A lot of them are net jets, but, again, Robin, we're only one hotel and now two in '09 as opposed to some of our colleagues who have broad-based, very large, across the board operations like Harris and MGM in this city. Our neighbors next door have 11,000 rooms, 10,000 rooms, and we're at 4,800 even with Encore. So I'm thinking that it's a big deal. We're not sure what it will mean, but its part of the passing parade and the current short-term environment. I don't think as an operator there's a hell of a lot you do about it. You're not going to change your way of doing business. Let's assume that for the most part most of the operators on the strip, virtually all of them, I would say, at this point, are savvy, mature, and sophisticated. There's a certain amount of people that it takes to run one of these places properly. And those full time equivalents, those FTEs, in each hotel, there's a number. In our case it's 72, 72, 50. That's the people each 24-hour period that it takes to run the machine. And once you get to that number, you are efficient. Now, you can arbitrarily lop off other jobs. You can keep the building less clean. You could stop having flowers that are fresh. You could certainly lower the quality of your purchasing and lower the quality of the groceries. You can use cheaper linens and laundry. You can replace the carpet a year later. You can start to do the kind of things that compromise the property and its staff. You can begin to try and save money on your employees. Now, we think all of that, once you've achieved a balance and once the hotel's in equilibrium, which happens within two years after it opens, we think that cuts beyond that, cuts as opposed to tailoring, are a mistake, no matter what's going on outside. You've got to make a promise and keep it. The public has to be able to trust us. And if there's less traffic, then you make less money, period. Get a life. Live with it. But if you want to try and bend the organization every moment into some passing economic template, you will end up with a wrinkled and bent business plan and it will not serve your long-term interest very well. So I don't know what Las Vegas can really do about a major cutback in airline except make sure that Las Vegas keeps the promise and hopes that America gets healthier. But I am very resistant to the notion that all of a sudden management comes up with some earthshaking insight that lowers the cost of business or starts to spend money in new ways. You think about promoting and doing things. There's a certain kind of promotion that's appropriate, marketing initiatives, so to speak, for each type of hotel. And it's very important that management teams understand and get creative with the discipline of those marketing dynamics. But I don't think it's accurate to say that you can break the mold or change things or that you should. I think that's probably a mistake. So you get to the point where you just sort of say, "Well, we're in a slow time. Our EBITDA will be less, and long-term investors will understand that or they won't. And if they don't, they'll leave. If they do, they'll stay or they'll buy more of it, I guess." We're faced with these kinds of decisions, all of you in the investment business, every day. You have to ask yourself, if we own a company, do they know what they're doing, they understand the position they're in, are they mature and sensible people about how to deal with it? After all, this is not rocket science, this is just business, and you can't overreact to stuff. At least, we try not to here.
Operator: That is all the allotted time we have for questions. Mr. Wynn, are there any closing remarks?
Steve Wynn: No.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you so much for dialing in for today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q1  (2008-05-01 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Matt Maddox  Chief Financial Officer Stephen A. Wynn  Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Andrew Pascall  President and Chief Operating Officer, Wynn Las Vegas, LLC
Analysts: William Lerner  Deutsche Bank Securities Dan Gerry Wintergreen Advisors Celeste Brown  Morgan Stanley Steven Kent  Goldman Sachs Dennis Forst  Capital Markets Lawrence Haverty  Gamco Investors Inc. Lawrence Klatzkin  Jefferies & Co. Joseph Greff  Bear Stearns Jane Pedreira  Lehman Brothers  
Operator: Welcome to the Wynn Resorts, Limited first quarter conference call. Joining the call on behalf of the company today are Steve Wynn, Mark Schorr, John Strzemp, Matt Maddox, Andrew Pascall, President of Wynn Las Vegas, David Sisk, CFO of Wynn Las Vegas, and on the phone Ian Coughlan, President of Wynn Macau, and Scott Peterson, CFO of Wynn Macau. (Operator Instructions) Now I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Maddox.
Matt Maddox:  First I would like to remind everyone that this call contains forward-looking statements that may or may not materialize. They are predictions about the future and should not be relied upon as fact. For further clarification please read the full disclosure in our press release. Now, moving on to the results. In the first quarter of 2008 consolidated property EBITDA was $197.8 million, a 4% increase over the first quarter of 2007. In Macau we generated EBITDA of $129.4 million, an increase of $50 million for 64%. In Las Vegas EBITDA fell 38% to $68.4 million mainly due to table hold percentage of 19.9%, which was approximately eight points from our last years hold of 27.6%. In Macau we generated over $1.4 million EBITDA per day in the first quarter, a 31.2% increase from the fourth quarter of 2007 and 62% over the first quarter of last year. As the Macau market continued to grow at an accelerated rate of 60%+ during the quarter, Wynn Macau gained market share in the VIP mass and slot markets as our property continued to solidify its position as the destination of choice for high-end customers. Now more than ever we believe that quality products and customer experience are the key to our success in Macau. To that point, in December 2007 we opened the expansion at Wynn Macau, which was competitively designed not only to expand the facility but more importantly, enhance the overall experience. Thus far customer reaction to the expansion has been exceptional and that has translated into strong results. Let me give you a few examples. One, table gains mass market drop increased 19% over the last year and 17% compared to the fourth quarter. Two, VIP turnover doubled, to $163 million per day compared to the first quarter of last year, without increasing commissions. And three, our slot handle also doubled when compared to last year and was up over 18% compared to the first quarter. Comparing our results to the market in general, our win per table increased year-over-year to $16,200, which is 80% more than the market average in Macau of $9,000 per table per day. Our slots also continued to outperform the market as our win per unit of $310 is more than two times the market average of $140. In fact, we believe our 1,240 machines generated more revenues than any other slots in Macau in the first quarter. Our non-gaming revenues in Macau increased 42% driven by REVPAR growth of over 17% and retail revenues more than doubled with the additional of revenue outlets in the expansion. We believe the Macau results continue to affirm the strength of our customer focus business model and our brand in the region. Turning to Las Vegas, as we mentioned during our last earnings call the Las Vegas market is more resilient than other markets due in part to the international competitive revenue base. However, this market has been affected by overall economic trends in the United States and in the first quarter we experienced some softening in our domestic business volumes in both gaming and non-gaming, which results in more volatility in the whole percentage. In the casino our table games drops and slot handles both decreased around 3% during the quarter. In table games we held eight point flat on $533 million in drops equating to a $40 million revenue reduction based on last years hold percentage. And traditionally in Las Vegas the first quarter of hold percentage is one of the strongest of the year due to significant high-end credit play. In the hotels REVPAR decreased approximately 4% as we experienced the softening in the convention and transient segments. However, convention room rates did improve throughout the quarter and forward bookings in the convention segment appear to be in line with last year. In addition, we experienced an increase in our suite REVPAR, driven in part by a 26% increase in room nights from international customers. In short, in Las Vegas, were implementing cost savings initiatives from employee scheduling to purchasing to help offset the slow down in domestic business.  Along the lines of that, we firmly believe in our business model of focusing on the high-end segment and do not plan on sacrificing service levels or announcing any lay-offs to drive short term results. Finally, I want quickly address our balance sheet liquidity. Our net debt at the end of the quarter was $2.1 billion equating to leverage of 2.9x. In addition, our projects under construction, Encore Wynn Las Vegas and Encore Wynn Macau, are fully funded at the subsidiary level. The strength of our balance sheet provides us significant financial flexibility for the future of the company.  With that overview I will turn the call over to Steve Wynn for some additional color on the quarter.
Stephen A. Wynn: I am going to try and put some perspective on what is going on. This is about the sixth time Ive been through slow downs in Las Vegas in my 40-year career and I think it might be helpful just to put a little bit of depth and perspective on this. The thing to look at more than anything else, I think, is non-casino revenues, first of all. And for the year to date were at $270.7 million versus $264.3 million last year. So non-casino revenue is not down, its even or up slightly. Our occupancy is 96%, last year it was 96.5%. Our average rate this year is $301. Our average rate last year was $311, so were off $10.00. Not a big deal, in my opinion. And Im going to talk about April today. I dont usually like to get into the next quarter, but were going to do this because we just finished the month and I know everybody that invests in the company is interested in trends. So Im going to do something that Im not necessarily going to do every time we have a conference call, but Im going to discuss April. Both in China and the United States. In April our room rate was $309, last year it was $313. Our occupancy was 96.6% this year, it was 97.5% last year. You wouldnt exactly call that devastating by any means. I would add that we had more comp revenue in our occupancy because were pressuring the casino to make up what were missing in some of the normal transient business. In the casino the trend has been a little different. Weve lost some domestic business, which gives a slower, or a steady grind, to our hold percentage, so that when we deal with the bigger international customers that we enjoy here, weve seen more volatility.  That was especially obvious, because last year we had a very high hold percentage. Our average was 25% and change for the year. Last year on $2.25 billion in handle. I think we were the only company in the history of Nevada ever to break through $2 billion in handle. We went through $2.25 billion, I think we did $260 billion, and we held over 25%.  We have a higher hold percentage than our neighbors and other hotels because of our international component and statistical anomalies and statistical changes take place all the time and we were down just below 20% for the first quarter, which made about a $40 million difference. Handle was only slightly off for the first quarter. Our year to date numbers, in April, for example, non-casino revenue was $68.8 million this year and it was $68.9 million last year, so again, if you compare non-casino revenue $270 million versus $264 million last year, so non-casino revenue is in pretty good shape. Our occupancy, I told you was 96% and 96.5% last year.  In April, I gave you the room numbers, I was also looking at the expenses. In the first quarter it cost us $2,411,000, a day to run win in Las Vegas and last year it was $2,440,000, almost the same. And this year were carrying Spamalot, which is about $45,000 a day, and last year we werent, so the rest of our expenses have gone down. Our margin is around 27% and it jumps between 27% and it stays pretty much there to 30%. The slot machines have gone down from, in our year to date, from $60.4 million to $52.7 million. That decline is especially noticeable in the quarters, in the low-end. But its a few million dollars before gaming taxes.  And finally, doing these casinos, Im going to include April. Now, for four- months table win was $204 million out of $671 million in drop. And last year it was $250 million on $725 million in drop. So you can see that the table handle went from $725 million down to $671 million, about a $54 million change on $725 million. Its a number, but its not a huge number. The whole percentage, however, last year was 25.2% for four months and it was 20.3% this year, so theres a 5% difference in the hold. And on $670 million its a number. In April, however, we saw the win rebound. We just finished a month where last year we won $46.9 million, this year we won $50.8 million. So these things bounce around a little bit and volatility is part of the story of a casino that deals to top-end like we do.  The trend in Macau is a lot steadier because they dont have the same situation economically and our earnings have been increasing in Macau, even though were the lowest, the lowest, payer of commissions in the entire market. And again, in April, our earnings went from $32 million to $42 million, another 33% increase.  And table drop and VIP turnover, in spite of the fact that our competitors have increased their commissions, are the delta between us and the rest of them has continued to be very large. We get a lot of questions about the commissions and the commission war, the junket war, in Macau. We have a wonderful relationship with a group of junket operators who are terrific people that work awfully hard and hustle the business with tremendous energy. Were very mindful of the contribution they make and we want to take good care of them because they introduce us to all the nicest people, and its a very good thing for us. Our junket operators are concerned about irresponsible or desperate behavior by people raising their commissions and have come to me and said that theyre very glad that the government is taking an interest in this. Theres a larger context of this issue of junket commissions in Macau. The health of the businesses in Macau relates directly to how well they can pay their employees, how aggressively we take care of our properties, how active we are in the community. All the things that the government wanted to accomplish and the government of Macau wanted to accomplish, have to do with creating a healthy industry at Macau. And so in order for that to happen the government is quite right in saying they are going to take a look at the amount of tables or games, the amount of commissions paid, and I think that everybody who is involved with the scene over there is glad to hear it and is encouraging the government to exercise restraint on some of the operators that have inferior products and who think that maybe by raising the commissions or buying business theyll be able to improve their situation. In the short term, it works. But we know from years and years of experience in Nevada and elsewhere that when you try and buy business, you cant really do it. Because if your competitors copy, then lowering your price or increasing your commissions is worthless.  If for example, the Wynn Macau were to raise its commission rate from 40% of win to 45% of the win, we would be flooded with junket operators that are in other places, which would hurt the other places. And everything we do in Macau we try and be a good neighbor. And we try and fit into that neighborhood in such a way that we get along with the other people, especially in the community, and our competitors. So we have not raised our commissions. We would never do it unless it was a last resort, even though we could afford to do it. But we wont.  At least I dont see any reason to do it at the present moment. Were able to keep our market position handily and keep it growing without bending over and being the cheapest guy in town. As a matter fact, its inconsistent to be the cheapest guy in town and also have the highest quality product. We dont need to do that. Thats one of the safe harbors that we feel we have in designing these buildings and staffing them with people that are highly trained. That we dont have to make that kind of gesture. That people are willing to pay for value. And value can be defined at quality at a reasonable price, just as it can be defined at Wal-Mart as the lowest price. Always the lowest price. Were not Wal-Mart.  And I think that what was wanted, or what was desired, by the government of China, and Macau, was to have better properties. And I think thats what theyre going to try and do and thats where we fit in. And I think thats why we got our concession in the first place. So were going to try and behave in a consistent way. In my career Ive never had a lay-off, either in the Las Vegas or any where else. And we dont intend to do it. We consider the morale and the feeling of security that our employees have is the most important asset the company owns. More than our buildings, or even our concessions, is the morale of our employees. And when you do lay-offs, everybody thats left says, Whos next? And thats completely negative and counter-productive to what were trying to do. So no matter what the short-term fluctuations and the American economy are, I am telling anybody whos interested in our company, that under no circumstances, under no circumstances, will I give any consideration, even for a second, to changing our service levels or disrupting our work force. Now, well take questions. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Bill Lerner - Deutsche Bank.
William Lerner  Deutsche Bank Securities: Steve, I would just love to get your thoughts on Encore strategy. I know we talked about it in the past, but if this weak external environment extends into Christmas, how do you position the property, especially early OpEx are important and then I stand for follow up.
Stephen A. Wynn: Encores positioned slightly above Wynn. The rooms are bigger, the spaces are more intimate, the rooms are all suites, it has a bigger spa, even though it only has 2,000 rooms it has a bigger spa than Wynn. It has a beautiful convention and meeting space. A pool thats very reminiscent of St. Tropez and Sango Sanks, for those of you like the afternoon beach scene and dining and club scene.  Encore is a departure in many ways from everything that anybody has seen in Las Vegas before today. Its a casino, for example, and then on all sides its surrounded by glass. Its got natural light everywhere. It is designed with a floor plan and a physical, its very much like our Macau casino, that is unlike the rest of Nevada that has large, open casinos, Encore is chambered, very much like our Macau casino, which has been received wonderfully by the public. So the Encore project took 2.5 years to design, we always are slow in design; its a completely self-standing separate hotel. Its not an annex. And it is designed to be a Mobil 5-star hotel, hopefully. And a Michelin hotel, and a Triple A 5-diamond hotel. If we succeed in doing it, well have 60% of all the Mobil 5-star rooms in America in one building. So were positioning Encore that way. And if the market is soft in December, well, the market will be soft in December. I dont care. My organization, my colleagues and I, are paid to run hotels in good times and fair times. Were professionals. Thats what we do. I dont give a damn about the short-term market implications. This is not a company that gives a damn about short-term markets. And I have shareholders that own the vast majority of this company that are long-term investors and they agree with us that the best program is the one that takes the long view. So whatever December is, Las Vegas is going to get treated to a spanking, shiny, new, completely original hotel. And in the long-term it will take its place here and have more than its market share, just like every other building weve ever built. Whether its here or downtown or Macau or in Biloxi, Mississippi.
William Lerner  Deutsche Bank Securities: When do you start taking reservations for Encore?
Andrew Pascall: June 15.
Stephen A. Wynn: June 15 is the beginning. Weve opened our application process now, internally. We do our own people first, transfers within the company. This is a lot easier than opening Wynn. Weve got a culture now. Its never been stronger, actually, our feeling of family here is wonderful. And we are giving all of our inside people the first crack at everything. Thats our job, July 1 for everybody else.
Operator: Your next question comes from Dan Gerry - Wintergreen Advisors.
Dan Gerry - Wintergreen Advisors: You have done such an incredible job creating shareholder value by focusing solely on and dominating the super high end of the market. Taking a long-term perspective and looking out five, ten years, does this position become harder to maintain and how does your thinking change as you grow to a business operating five or more properties?
Stephen A. Wynn: In answering your question, the best view that we get of the future is through the rear-view mirror, I think. What we know about the destination resort business is clearly established. But its all about one thing, and one thing only. All of the razzmatazz and jazz we hear about facilities and everything else doesnt amount to a hill of beans. Its customer experience that determines the longevity and endurance of these enterprises. Look at Caesars palace. All these years. Look at Bellagios performance. These places that are built like the three little pigs, houses of brick. I once did an annual report that said, We build houses of brick. And they endure. And the only thing that we can hold to, in a world of extraordinary change is the simple fact that if we take very good care of employees who in turn take good care of our customers, we keep our facilities clean, then we will capture the business of people who want to go on vacation and get treated well, and eat good food and shop in the right shops. And have fun.  Thats the only thing we can hold on to. Everything else in the world turns upside down every 24 hours, if you pay attention to the media. And I dont trust that anyway. I trust these simple, long-term truths. And as we get bigger we will never, ever give up trying to be the best.  Were under construction in two buildings at the moment, both called Encore, that are next to our existing properties. And we have plans for things on the golf course, and we have things planned for Cotai that are consistent in every way to every thing weve stood for during my career, starting with the Mirage and Bellagio and all the way through to this point.
Operator: Your next question comes from Celeste Brown - Morgan Stanley.
Celeste Brown  Morgan Stanley: Steve, I was wondering if you could just discuss a little bit more about why youve been able to hold your position, youve been able to increase your share? Is it that youve had wind in that market for so much longer, is it something in particular you do for your customers? I dont want you to give everything away so your competitors can copy it, but if you could just help us understand that would be great.
Stephen A. Wynn: Celeste, when you say dont give anything away to our competitors, we talk to them all the time. Im in a business where if we get a good idea, we show everybody that good idea as quick as we can and we roll it out on the floor.  All youve got to understand Wynn is to check into our hotel and stay in it. Talk to our employees. I encourage anybody who wants to make a third-party investigation of whats going on in this industry, come to Las Vegas or go to Macau and without any executive being around, any suit, walk up to any employee, they all speak English over there, or walk into one of these places here up and down the strip, talk to an employee, ask them what its like to work there, look at the floor, see if the place is clean, see if its well lit, stay in a room, talk to a PBX operator, talk to a porter, eat a meal, act like a guest, and youll know everything there is to know about us. We dont have any secrets. And we dont even try to keep any secrets. I was at the Milken conference and talked about our human resource program yesterday, very candidly, publicly. This is not a business of secrets. As a matter of fact, thats a waste of time. When youre in a service business you take your best shot right out where everybody can see it. And, Celeste, youve spent time in our hotels. You know what we stand for. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Steve Kent - Goldman Sachs.
Steven Kent  Goldman Sachs: Steve, in previous press releases youve talked about other development opportunities and you said you had submitted an application to the government of Macau for concession of land in Cotai. Just that usual verbage. And I noticed it wasnt in this time. Is there something different thats happened? And also, given your history and given that youve lived through a couple of recessions in Vegas, what do you expect for REVPAR growth for the balance of the year?
Stephen A. Wynn: Well, with regard, Steve, to the first part. Cotai is proceeding. We didnt mention it because we dont have anything startling to reveal because were in design development very intensely now, on Cotai.  We made up our mind what were going to build there. Ive said it publicly and nothings changed. I say were going to build the fanciest hotel in the world in Cotai. It wont be very big; it will be 1,500 to 1,800 rooms, something like that. All suites. And were going to build the most beautiful hotel on Cotai, and now whats left if for me to turn that conversation into 3-dimensional reality with my colleagues. And Im not done yet. But Im dying to finish the job and get it to where Im ready to price it and break ground. Im hoping to break ground on Cotai before we open Encore, a year from this Christmas in Macau. Encore Wynn opens this Christmas, Encore Macau is next Christmas. And incidentally, the Encore Macau Tower is without any doubt the fancies thing, the most beautiful thing, that Im been involved with in my entire 40 year career. The smallest room is 1,000 s.f. Theres been talk about Four Seasons and other fine hotels that Sheldon is building on Cotai and Shangri La and Four Seasons are tremendous additions to the marketplace. I want to congratulate the Sands organization on getting such wonderful brands to come to Macau. Those are all really good things that are happening.  And weve picked up on that spirit in building the Encore project on our back corner of our peninsula property. And its 400 odd rooms, suites and villas. And spa. And new ideas. And that will be ready a year from Christmas. And its the fanciest thing weve ever done.  And on Cotai were going to take some of the things that weve developed that are new for Encore and were going to take them further on this wonderful 52 acres that weve got where we can do wonderful things with landscaping and the integration of interior and exterior environments that we cant do in a purely urban environment downtown. So much for the first part of your question. And so we didnt mention it because we didnt have anything really material to tell you. I am much further along, Steve. Ive got the room component in pretty good shape but it is iconic architecture. Its a building of rather extraordinary appearance, so we will do all that at once when were ready.
Steven Kent  Goldman Sachs: Because you have been in Vegas for a couple of recessions I think you have a unique perspective. So, given what youre seeing, youve seen the first few months of the year, youre reading the same papers were reading, whats your feel for REVPAR deceleration and business trends from here through the balance of the year?
Stephen A. Wynn: I dont know about REVPAR. Can we talk about profitability?
Steven Kent  Goldman Sachs: Sure.
Stephen A. Wynn: EBITDAs, we ought to say again and again, as Bill Widner has said, we report and talk about these EBITDA numbers with our chests puffed out as far as we can get it, as an industry. I suppose it tells you how much money you can afford to pay in interest, but the public needs to understand that the profitability, the real profitability of these businesses are much, much less than these puffy EBITDA numbers. Interest expense is very large. And depreciation, I know all shopping center guys and apartment guys, they get to spend part of depreciation. But believe me, in my 40-year history and in the history of every gaming company here, we spend depreciation. It is a real expense. And when you take the profitability of a hotel like the Venetian or Wynn or Bellagio or any of us, it is a much smaller number when you subtract depreciation and interest. And amortization. We have to pay back the people who lend us the money eventually. Its a much smaller number. But I know that the Wall Street folks, yall like to talk about EBITDA. And its bouncing around. It was a big bounce with whole percentage in the first quarter and we wont see that again. Because we were so high in the first quarter. We made more money in April than we did last year, this year, so EBITDA looks fine in April.  What will happen in May, June, July, I just dont know, Steve. I dont know how deep the market softening will be. I know that as long as the government and the campaigns, theyre worried about the decline value of the dollar against the Euro or the pound, and that helps us in one respect. The gaming industry is a huge exporting industry. We try to explain that to folks in Washington. Were an exporter. And when you make it tough for people to get into the country, when you inhibit, were like, we offset a lot of Toyotas. And so when the Euro is up a lot of guys from England come here and play and think theyre making bets in pesos. And when they lose they find out its not exactly pesos, but were benefiting on that sector, but were being damaged on the domestic side. I dont know how deep its going to be and I dont know how long, what this dollar delta is going to be against the Euro and the other European currencies. But it certainly helps our international business to a certain extent. Weve got a baccarat tournament here and I think this weekend weve got over $100 million in customers here. It just started today. To give you an idea of the swings that take place in this, the last day of the month in April, we won $7 million in Las Vegas. This is just a bouncy kind of business. So, Im willing to discuss trends, but Im not willing to make predictions. Especially in this environment.
Operator: Your next question comes from Dennis Forst  Capital Markets.
Dennis Forst  Capital Markets: Matt about the income tax, you had a benefit of $4.7 million. Where did that come from? And if you could walk us through where its going to go.
Matt Maddox: I think last year we were closer to a 20% effective tax rate. In this quarter it was a benefit and in a large part due to two things. We were able to deduct Encore pre-opening expenses estimated for the year, which we did not have last year.  And the second is the largest than expected contribution of foreign earnings, Macau earnings. Which are not taxable in the United States. So you take those two factors together, combined with a lower hold percentage, a lower domestic EBITDA, we actually had a tax benefit in this quarter.
Dennis Forst  Capital Markets: What is the tax rate going to look like through the year, more or less?
Matt Maddox: I would say its going to be somewhere in the neutral range, depending on what ends up happening, or no benefit, no provision, depending on what happens in the United States.
Dennis Forst  Capital Markets: How big is the Encore pre-opening going to be for the year?
Matt Maddox: $80 million.
Dennis Forst  Capital Markets: And it was what in the first quarter? It was only $5 million?
Matt Maddox: Around $5 million, but taxes are estimated based on full year. And then you have to go back and allocate them per quarter. We usually dont get into forecasting but I would say for this year we should just look at no benefit, no provision.
Dennis Forst  Capital Markets: And is it fair to say that the table sold was not out of line with long-term trends, and that last year was really more of an anomaly? 
Stephen A. Wynn: The only hotels in the history of Nevada that have ever been close to $2 billion have been Wynn and Bellagio. And I dont think anybody broke through $2 billion. We went through $2.25 billion. $2,260,000,000. At that point you have to say that statistical anomalies are off the table. How big a sample do you want? We held 25.2% and when you look at each month, they were all in the 20s except for one. So Im beginning to think that the mix we have here tends to be a little bit [inaudible] than our neighbors.  Now, I could be wrong, but Im schooled by our own experience. And when you do $2.25 billion at over 25%, I begin to wonder. A lot of it has to do with the way we structure our casino. We have distributed the money more evenly among the people that are at the tables serving the guests. Meaning the team leaders and the dealers.  There was a lot of publicity about the fact that the team leaders got a share of the tips. Well, thats because theyre serving the public exactly the way the dealers do, by standing there talking to our customers, paying attention to their needs, schmoozing with them, talking to them, giving them free drinks, keeping track of their play.  And these teams that we created at the table, our hold percentages jumped when we did that. From the day that we did it, on September 1, when we opened Macau, for the last quarter of the previous year and the entire year last year. I remember saying that we were holding 19.9% through August 30 and we ended up holding 21% for the year because September, October, November, December were so high. Now my dealers were a little short tempered about it because they thought it was a take-away. But we told the dealers that if they acted as a family at the table, as a team, a service team, that the tips would get back up to where they were before. And on most occasions this year, thats almost exactly whats happened. The dealer tips are back up to being terrific. By the way, theyre the most high paid people in the state of Nevada, our dealers.  And so when we look at hold percentage and we look at the team approach to our customers, I have to think that theres a relationship there. Theres no other explanation for it.
Dennis Forst  Capital Markets: Lastly, property charges and other, what puts [inaudible] at $24 million dollar number?
Matt Maddox: The main charge of about $29 million is related to Spamalot. We elected with to close Spamalot in July of this year and so we ended up writing off all the costs. There were some issues with that that we werent amortizing before. So out of the $24 million, $20 was related to Spamalot.
Operator: Your next question comes from Larry Haverty - Gamco.
Lawrence Haverty  Gamco Investors Inc.: A couple of days ago your significant investor Aruze put out a press release that they were considering doing something in the Philippines, about $2.5 billion and your name was in the press release in a kind of a strange way, the Wynn Corporation. Could you bring us up to date on what is or is not happening there?
Stephen A. Wynn: Well, first of all, I love Kazuo Okada as much as any man Ive ever met in my life. Hes my partner and my friend and theres hardly anything I wont do for him. Now, we are not at the present time an investor nor do we contemplate an investment in the Philippines.  This is something that Kazuo Okada and his company Aruze has done on its own initiative. He consults me and has discussed it with me extensively and I have given him my own personal thoughts on the subject and advise and to the extent that he comes to me for any more advice or input, all of here at the company will be glad to give him our opinions. But thats short of saying that this is a Wynn Resorts project. It is a Aruze project. Is that helpful, Larry?
Lawrence Haverty  Gamco Investors Inc.: Its just its a large amount of money here and Im wondering if he does it will he be taking some of his pretty substantial profits in your company, do you think?
Stephen A. Wynn: Larry, we filed an amended 13D over a year and a half ago in December that expressed and explained in detail the shareholder agreement between myself and Mr. Okada. We have what is commonly referred to as a lock-up. Neither one of us can sell any shares to anybody without the others permission. Thats in addition to a right of first of refusal that we share and a vote for the Board of Directors that I hold on behalf of Mr. Okada.  So, we dont anticipate, and we have said so publicly with a Hart-Scott-Rodino filing and with an amended 13D, that our stock is for sale at any price but that we would purchase this company on price weakness up to 100%. So thats not a new public statement Im making. We filed Hart-Scott-Rodino in 2006. And I think that anybody who is short selling this company ought to keep that in mind. We would love to see a buying opportunity in this stock. Love to see a buying opportunity in this stock.
Operator: Your next question comes from Larry Klatzkin - Jefferies & Co.
Lawrence Klatzkin  Jefferies & Co.: You had a little bit of bad hold in Vegas. Can you quantify what the assessment might have been?
Stephen A. Wynn: $40 million before the gaming tax of 7.75%. That would be casino revenue and since we dont change the overhead it would probably most of it go to the bottom line. 90% of it. Thats pretty much the delta on the earnings.
Lawrence Klatzkin  Jefferies & Co.: The delta for last year. But if youre using normal hold I come up with a much lower number. I come about $11 million.
Stephen A. Wynn: Well, you can use what you call normal. I tried to explain that on numerous occasions, whats normal around here and whats normal to you might not be the same thing.
Lawrence Klatzkin  Jefferies & Co.: On corporate expense pace, should we use the $11 you did use last quarter?
Matt Maddox: Yes. It will grow, I think its a pretty good number for now.
Lawrence Klatzkin  Jefferies & Co.: Steve, you now have a bit block of rooms when you open up the Encore in Vegas. Youve had limited ability to really extend who you target with a small block of rooms. Now that youre going to have a real block of rooms, any chance youre going to expand who you go after? Maybe go after some convention customers or any other segment of the market?
Andrew Pascall: The way we fill these rooms. Were going after segment of the market. You speak of the high-end convention and group business. Thats who weve gone out in the field. This is the place for the course of the year, with seasonality, we targeted all kinds of customers and weve been successful getting them. So, as Steve alluded to, Encore is an entire new resort. Its going to stimulate more interest in this market for new customers and appeal to the ones we have.
Stephen A. Wynn: One thing our customers have in common is more money.
Lawrence Klatzkin  Jefferies & Co.: Any hints on what youre planning on the golf course, long-term?
Stephen A. Wynn: Yes, weve coalesced our thinking on the golf course. And its one thing to coalesce our thinking, its another to execute the blue print. But weve decided that were finally prepared to leverage this unique, incredible physical location weve got where we straddle two of the most dynamic exhibit centers on Earth, the Las Vegas Visitors Convention Bureau to our immediate east, on the adjacent property, and the Sands Expo Center on the adjacent property to the south.  We have 4,800 to 4,900 rooms here in a few months and we want to go to 10,000. So were planning two new hotels of approximately 2,600 rooms a piece that will straddle 1.6 to1.8 million thousand feet, it depends on how you count it, of exhibit space that is extraordinary in the sense that its surrounded by lush landscaping and water because all of the back of the house is below it so that it can be infinitely divided from below because there are elevators and lifts that come up all the way from underneath.  And its on a large water feature thats part of our, were going to reallocate our water, our wells that our water company that we use for the golf course to a more broad-based use for the hotels and the water that will be used in our fantasizing, the meeting and convention space that were going to build. But that exhibit and meeting and convention space will resemble no other meeting and convention space anywhere else on Earth that we know of, in the sense that it will be very glamorous and it will also offer our clients an environment that has heretofore been unavailable to them.  Both of the new hotels will be completely integrated with the exhibit space, and when I say completely integrated, you will walk out of the lobby down a 150-foot corridor into the exhibit space. The layout of our property lends itself to such a beautiful arrangement. We intend for the exhibit space to move down our property some 2,000 feet, to Paradise Road, from an area approximately 550 feet east of our villas so that there will be a large lake with fountains like Bellagio that will entertain both hotels and the convention and meeting space and were going to do the fountains in a new way, for the golf course development.  And I think when were done, we will have this wonderful non-urban environment of 10,000 that people will be able to enjoy when they come for conventions and meeting space. And of course, well be an adjunct facility to our neighbors on the south at the Venetian and the Palazzo and our neighbors at the Las Vegas Convention and Visitors Bureau to the east. And were thinking that well fit in very nicely. Theres a big problem here in Las Vegas. When folks go to the Convention Bureau, they stand in long lines to get taxicabs to fight their way back to the other hotels and this tremendous crush of infrastructure logjam that we have here.  And it happens when the shows open every morning at the Convention Center and when they close every afternoon at five oclock. Well, now everybody will be able to go from their 10,000 rooms into the exhibit space or to Sands or to the Las Vegas Convention and Visitors Bureau, without having to get a taxi cab. Just get in one of our underground trams that will shoot the, free of charge, right to the door.  So, were going to take the convention business to another level, Im hoping. And in the process, join hands with our wonderful neighbors, the Venetian folks and the Las Vegas Conventions Bureau to make this just irresistible for all the conventions and folks that come from around the world to Las Vegas. And well get some new ones. Were going to put a little pressure on Orange County and Orlando and the Javits Center in New York and McCormick in Chicago. Were going to flex a little Las Vegas muscle at the convention business.
Lawrence Klatzkin  Jefferies & Co.: Do you have an idea of timing or budget, when that might happen?
Stephen A. Wynn: Not yet. We just started doing the drawings about two months ago. We were provoked into doing that when we heard that our neighbors next door were going to build a new facility on some property they own next door to us and expand their own inventories. That gave us the encouragement and their leadership showed us the way in which we could play a more relevant role in this process.
Operator: Your next question comes from Joe Greff - Bear Stearns.
Joseph Greff  Bear Stearns: Steve, you hammered home the point that your property is very international and thats giving you a buffer. What percentage of your business [inaudible] in terms of room nights sold or overall revenues or casino volumes are foreign or outside of the U.S.?
Stephen A. Wynn: If you talk about non-casino, thats one thing. If you talk about the casino, mainly the table games, then its quite something else. But I remember a number from the first 12 months of this hotel. I remember when we first opened this place, we were the first company ever to win over $600 million, the first year of Wynn. And it was $200 million in slots, $200 million in table games, and $200 million in baccarat. It was 1/3, 1/3, 1/3. And then I think it grew. Matt, Andy, do you know what it was in 2007? International is 50% of tables. And slots, $500,000 a day or something.
Andrew Pascall: Its fairly close to a third of our gaming revenue. And I think an interesting statistic is the international business accounts for about 27%-28% of our occupancy.
Stephen A. Wynn: If you take 28% of 2,600 rooms, its the same as having a 500-600 room hotel thats 100% filled every day with people with foreign passports.
Andrew Pascall: And thats up from about 19% last year.
Stephen A. Wynn: And its increased from 19%. Im repeating what Andy said because I dont know if you can hear him. But I think thats a reflection of the value of the dollar. Wouldnt you think?
Joseph Greff  Bear Stearns: Did you buy back stock during the first quarter?
Stephen A. Wynn: The answer is yes.
Matt Maddox: We repurchased 2.4 million shares.
Stephen A. Wynn: Look, we issued 4.4 million shares for $660 million and promptly distributed it, which was really nice for us shareholders. And a return of capital. We have now bought back, at $50 or $60 a share every one of those shares that we issued. For $50 or $60 less money we bought it all back, thanks to the volatility of the stock market.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jane Pedreira - Lehman Brothers.
Jane Pedreira  Lehman Brothers:  I know youre in the early planning stages of the golf course but at this juncture can you give us any preliminary thoughts on how you might look to finance it? Would it be in connection with the existing bonds or would it be a separate financing?
Stephen A. Wynn: I dont know how much fingertip information youve got on our structure, but Ron Cramer, when he was President of the company, and Matt Maddox, everybody worked very diligently to give us a lot of flexibility in the future, and this coming year the golf course gets released from our collateral package.
Matt Maddox: In 2009.
Stephen A. Wynn: In seven or eight months we get to take back the golf course free and clear. Now, I know most of you have some sense of real estate values in Las Vegas. Everythings paid for. It was all laid off on the original cost of Wynn Las Vegas. Our land costs are zero. And so weve got this 150 acres back there, maybe 170 acres, were not using. We own all this property in fee simple absolute at no cost and it comes out of the collateral package next year in 6-8 months. What do you think its worth? $1 billion, $1.5 billion, $2 billion?
Jane Pedreira  Lehman Brothers:  I was going to say maybe $1.5 billion.
Stephen A. Wynn: Well, thats equity isnt it, in a way? Plus weve got a tax close.
Matt Maddox: We also have $1.5 billion of excess on hand right now and you take Wynn Las Vegas, youre projected cash flows, when you run your models youll see that from a financial standpoint, were in very, very good shape.
Stephen A. Wynn: We dont need to borrow any money if thats what youre thinking. Were in really good shape. Nice feeling. Sometimes I wish I had been a little more courageous like Sheldon. He did a better job than I did. I was more conservative when I was putting the company together and we went public at a quiet time in 2002 and if we had gone public a year or two later we would have gotten 5 or 10 times as much money.
Jane Pedreira  Lehman Brothers: Its only money.
Stephen A. Wynn: Anyway, the net result is the companys footings are in a mile deep, a mile wide. Weve got all kinds of flexibility. But developing some rooms on the golf course and convention center is way within our reach. Thats not a stretch at all for us.
Jane Pedreira  Lehman Brothers:  It sounds like you could do it with existing bonds in place or you release the collateral and try to get it done separately.
Matt Maddox: Youre right. If you look at our indenture you can either leave the collateral in place and then youll need to revisit the issue with the bond holders or it can be released and separately project-financed with cash flow and cash on hand. That is not a conversation that is happening in 2008, given where we are with the design. And we are in a very fortunate position of having lots of excess capacity on the leverage side and lots of excess cash.
Stephen A. Wynn: The strategy is for us to get our plans in order by Christmas, when we open Encore, so that when we hit 2009 we are ready to dig in, both on Cotai and the golf course. I dont know what order that will be, but thats my job for the rest of the year, is those two things.  The work on Encore Las Vegas and Encore Macau is complete. Now its just a question of execution. Every fabric has been selected, every piece of furniture, every things is done. All the department heads are selected. Were on target. So the design part of the company that I am very active in is into Cotai and the golf course.
Jane Pedreira  Lehman Brothers:  And so would you expect the golf course to take another year or two to finish the design and then you would break ground?
Stephen A. Wynn: Yes.
Operator: We have reached the allotted time for questions. 
Stephen A. Wynn: These conversations take a long time. We try not to be long winded about it. I hope its constructive. And well look forward to the next one.

===== 2007 Q4  (2008-02-12 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Ron Kramer - President Steve Wynn - Chairman and CEO
Analysts: Steven Kent - Goldman Sachs Bill Lerner - Deutsche Bank Celeste Brown - Morgan Stanley Larry Klatzkin - Jefferies Robin Farley - UBS
Operator: Good afternoon and welcome to theWynn Resorts Limited fourth quarter conference call. Joining the call, onbehalf of the company today are Steve Wynn; Ron Kramer; Marc Schorr; JohnStrzemp; Andrew Pascal, President of Wynn Las Vegas; David Sisk, CFO of WynnLas Vegas; and on the phone, Ian Coughlan, President of Wynn Macau; and ScottPeterson, CFO of Wynn Macau. (Operator Instructions) Thank you. Now, I would like toturn the call over to Mr. Kramer. Please go ahead, sir.
Ron Kramer: Thank you, Heather. Goodafternoon, everyone. Before we begin, I need to remindyou that today's conference call contains forward-looking statements that weare making under the Safe Harbor provision of FederalSecurities Laws. I would also like to caution you that the company's actualresults could differ materially from the anticipated results in theseforward-looking statements. Please see today's press release under the caption,"Forward-looking Statements," for the discussion of risks that mayaffect our results. In addition, we will discussadjusted property EBITDA, which is a non-GAAP measure -- a reconciliation ofthose practices for the most comparable GAAP measures is included in the pressrelease. We're broadcasting thisconference call live on www.wynnresorts.com, where you can also find theearnings release that we circulated earlier today. I'm going to give you abrief overview, and then we'll open up and take your questions. Simply, 2007 was a great year. Weare extremely proud of our results in Macau and in Las Vegas. Fourth quarter, we generatedconsolidated property EBITDA of $197 million for the two property. That's a 23%improvement versus the same quarter in 2006. The Wynn brand has becomesynonymous with quality. Our loyal customers enjoy theintimacy of our design and appreciate the extraordinary level of service weprovide. We believe we have the top properties in each of the markets where weoperate, and our results reflect that preeminence. In Macau,our EBITDA on the fourth quarter was $99.6 million, a 70% increase over thesame period of the prior year, despite significant growth in supply during thethird and fourth quarters. In our first full year, Wynn Macau generated $364.1million of EBITDA. On December 24, 2007, we openedthe Wynn Macau expansion, which increased our table offerings by approximately40% and nearly doubled our slot capacity. We continue to perform well in Macau. We believe that the opening of MGM next door has helpeddraw additional traffic to our neighborhood. In 2007, gaming revenues for themarket were up 47% and gaming revenue per visitor grew sequentially every month,an incredible testament to the depth of this market. Trends remained strong,and the year ahead looks very promising as demand continues to grow with noappreciable additional supply entering the market in the next 12 months. In Las Vegas, The Tower Suites at Wynn Las Vegasis the only casino resort in the world to receive both the Mobil Five Star andthe AAA Five Diamond award and we have done it two consecutive years. We'realso very proud to be the only resort in Las Vegas to be honored with the prestigious MichelinGuide's Five Red Pavilion award. In the fourth quarter, Wynn LasVegas generated $97.3 million in EBITDA, which represents a $3.8 million decreaseversus fourth quarter '06 due mostly to the decline in hold percentage from26.3% to 23.5%. During the quarter, our slot business was down modestly versusthe fourth quarter of '06 due to the lower traffic resulting from the closuresof the Stardust and Frontier. We expect the late Decemberopening of the Palazzo to drive improved walk-in traffic to Wynn Las Vegas, benefitingboth our slots as well as other businesses. Our food and beverage, retail andother department showed solid quarter-over-quarter growth, and for the fullyear, Wynn Las Vegas EBITDA grew over 25% reaching $417 million. Finally, our balance sheet is strong.At yearend, we had net debt of approximately $1.7 billion and our net leveragestood at 2.2 times, providing us with excellent financial flexibility forfuture developments and shareholder value-enhancing opportunities. With that, we're going to open upand take your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes fromthe line of Steven Kent with Goldman Sachs.
Steven Kent - Goldman Sachs.: Hi. Could you just give us alittle bit more color on what you experienced so far in January in Las Vegas? MGM gave someinformation that things were softer in the first few weeks. I just wanted tosee what your experience was. And also, just a little bit more color on theexpansion at Wynn Macau, how that's ramping up and if it's meeting yourexpectations?
Steve Wynn: This is Steve, answering thatquestion. I don't think we want to get too forward in the quarter. I think thatit's probably a good idea to be cautious about Las Vegas market, in general. It has beensaid that Las Vegas is somehow impervious toeconomic trends in the United States of America. That isn't quite anaccurate way of expressing it. Las Vegas is resistant because so much of ourbusiness is booked far in advance, conventions for example and other things ofthat sort. And so what happens in Las Vegas isif there is a general economic softening in the United States and surrounding territory, Las Vegas reacts to it a little later. Thereis sort of a delay built in. But it would be unsophisticated to think that Las Vegas is somehow amagical island on to itself, immune or isolated from the effects of the citiesand the communities that serve it with its visitors. So I would be cautious, dependingon your particular view, each of you, about the general economic conditions inthe United Statesas we go forward into the year. Then, I think that you probably turn on theyellow light about how the Las Vegasmarket will respond. I don't think that we see any significant moment this year,so far, in terms of our non-casino revenue or drop in the casino, and that sortof thing. So I'm not sure than I have an intelligent answer. The folks at MGM, of course, havea much bigger sampling. We have just one hotel, and after all, we are sort of inan elitist place. But again, whether we're elitist or not, in spite of all theawards and the clear superiority of our product here in Las Vegas, again, I would say that -- and thenature of our clientele tends to be very upscale. I still think that we are notan island on to ourselves, nor will we ever be here in Las Vegas in any hotel. Having said that, the second partof your question, I don't want to be too wordy about this, had to do with Macau? We did open the part of our expansion on December24 and marched into January with a larger facility, both in VIP and in generalcasino. And we are thrilled and delighted with the results. Let's hope that itcontinues as we go forward. But I don't have anything else intelligent tooffer.
Steven Kent - Goldman Sachs.: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from theline of Bill Lerner with Deutsche.
Bill Lerner - Deutsche Bank: One for you. I hadn't heard you [wayyou] hit on the Nevadagaming tax proposals. I would love to hear you generally talk to those and Ithink that's probably it for me after that.
Steve Wynn: That's another item that we haveto watch and try and understand. If it moves along, its impact would be in 2011if it ever comes about. And it's the kind of thing that we're seeing around thecountry in every state, where the needs of the citizens, demands of thecitizens, and the ability of the government to supply them are stressed. Las Vegas and Nevadais no different than any place else, and we've got a long way to go before weunderstand the full impact of that. I don't think there is much more to say onthat subject. I just want to remind everybodythat there is a little asterisk on last years Las Vegas EBITDA. Being a grandfather and understanding howimportant Christmas is, both to parents and to children, we decided here in ourfamily way, that in the fourth quarter we took $5 million out of our [Swansea] earningsfor the year and gave $1,000 tax paid to all of our employees, who made $40,000or less as a Christmas present, and we paid the tax. And I think the gross upcost is about $5 million. And when you are looking at ourEBITDA, you might take that into account, because it would have been more money-- instead of 97, we would have been at (inaudible). So, we did something sortof unusual, which I was delighted to do, and all of management thought it was aright thing to do, to make sure that so many of our employees, who havefamilies, would have a merry Christmas. So, we did something unusual this year.And I just wanted to -- for those of you who were running out of numberscomparing to last year, I should tell you that that was a special event. We'lltake the next question. 
Operator: Your next question comes from theline of Celeste Brown with Morgan Stanley.
Celeste Brown - Morgan Stanley: Hi guys, good afternoon. First, Iknow you guys don't like to talk about the [corner] end, but there has been alot of press about weather impacting the ability of the people to travel in China, and I would guess outside of China.Is that impacting the market at all for Chinese New Year?
Steve Wynn: It did, Celeste. It always, mostdefinitely put up a bump in the first week of February. We have people sleepingin the train station at Guangzhou, and that type of good luck was extraordinaryand have reached into Southern China in the Guangdong province to Shenzhen,Dongguan and Guangzhou and those kind of places, and it affected everybody'sbusiness, I am sure, for about five or six days. But Chinese New Year has beenrobust. And it's over now, I think the snow melted and the things are back ontrack.
Celeste Brown - Morgan Stanley: Steve I'm not sure I understoodwhat you were saying about how you don't expect a significant momentum inVegas. Can you explain that a little further?
Steve Wynn: I said that we had not yetobserved any significant moment in terms of the impact. Somebody mentioned inthe question, I think it was Steve Kent that MGM had said that they saw a softening?Well, you know MGM looks across what 10 casinos or something, their sampling isenormous, and they see every part of the market, we don't. We're dealing with, well,for lack of a better term, rich folks.
Celeste Brown - Morgan Stanley: So you're saying generally yourtrends would be better than theirs? 
Steve Wynn: Well, again, I don't want to makestatements about trends. I'm responding to whether we feel a softening in themarket. I'm not sure that we can analyze that and that we are prepared to makethat statement. Yeah it's too short, too quick. And Super Bowl was exiting, theFebruary calendar is terrific. Forgetting for a moment the whole percentage andluck as it impacts a place like this, general levels of business, we don't seea trend yet. But again I remind you that, I don't think that we are immune fromsuch things. If they're strong enough around us, we'll feel them sooner orlater, I would guess.
Celeste Brown - Morgan Stanley: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from theline of Larry Klatzkin with Jefferies.
Larry Klatzkin - Jefferies: Hey guys, a couple things. One,the Diamond Suites was more like -- the end of first quarter, beginning ofsecond quarter 2010 at this point?
Ron Kramer: I think that's what it's alwaysbeen.
Steve Wynn: I think Diamond -- the Tower, youmean?
Larry Klatzkin - Jefferies: Yeah I thought it was always alittle earlier in the year than that. Okay.
Steve Wynn: Tower's probably about 22 or 23months out, and I just came down the hall for this phone call from a finalapproval of some of the stuff in Diamond tower lobby, and I must say that thebuilding itself and the things that are in it, is by any measurement of my 40years the most beautiful thing that Roger Thomas and Hirsch Bedner and ourstaff acting together have ever done. I came into the conference room where we'reall sitting for this call and I brought with me a carpet sample and a piece offabric from the barroom off the lobby of Diamond. I'm very excited. We've neverdone anything quite like this. It's sort of taking a Four Seasons idea andputting on steroids or at warp speed or any other vernacular metaphor you wantto use. But it's a statement of luxury and these 405 rooms and villas that arebeyond whatever we've done in the past. And I am fascinated to see how theChinese culture will receive it, but we've definitely swung for the fences withthe Diamond.
Larry Klatzkin - Jefferies: Alright.
Steve Wynn: I mean that in our own WynnResort's terms, which are pretty swollen already.
Larry Klatzkin - Jefferies: Alright, cool, cool. And then, amI doing this right, Ron, in Vegas you hit about compared to last year, about a$17 million of worse luck and in Macau, youdid a little over $50 million of better luck compared to last year's result.
Ron Kramer: Well, as we said in our priorcall, we are not going to get caught in normalizing numbers.
Larry Klatzkin - Jefferies: Okay, that's fine, and then
Steve Wynn: Actually I don't think we cannormalize the numbers. Around here, it's fascinating. We can't do it. We don'tknow now how they are.
Larry Klatzkin - Jefferies: Okay. As far as the project onthe acres on Cotai, you made some pretty amazing sounding projects on the lastcall. Do you have any more details on that you can talk to us about?
Steve Wynn: Well, we've got Encore coming upin Christmas here in Las Vegas.We've got Diamond coming up shortly thereafter. So, we are in the middle ofexpansion of the company, and that is almost doubled before we are done. AndCotai and the Golf Course are obviously our next move, notwithstanding orexcluding the notion of the new jurisdiction. And as we look at the performanceof our colleagues and our competitors, we adjust the size and the scope of theproject. What I have said is that we arebuilding an extraordinarily luxurious all-suite hotel and that is true. What isadjustable in my mind is the amount of rooms. And I've been trying to analyzethe Venetian, for example, in the fourth quarter to see, what was their realoccupancy, how many rooms they really had opened, what the real average rateis.  In a new property, as you know,as you open these places, we've been in the same spot as them, on occasions youopen in phases. And until you get to the second full quarter of operations, it'sa little tricky to try and get your arms around what's going on. But we'rewatching this with great interest and hoping that all of the good newscontinues, so that we can lay on some more size on our property in Cotai. So,as we plan it and work on it, we're watching the Venetian and the otherprojects that are underway, and looking at the performance of MGM, and tryingto learn something.
Larry Klatzkin - Jefferies: Okay. And what you guys see forsome of the improvements in access for Macau, do you think some of the thingsgoing on are going to be a big improvement and the market should continue togrow in the kind of pace we saw in the last month?
Steve Wynn: Your question is basically at theroot, asking us, do we believe that the government will be able to reactefficiently and effectively to the changes and demand and touristic developmentof that market. My experience, the past six years, almost seven years in Macau,that's how long I've been there, since we've got the concession. And evenperiod before the concession, while we were competing for it, has been that theGovernment of Macau and the People's Republic of China has a way of handling theirbusiness in a manner remarkably efficient and they get there very quickly. Thespeed at which government reacts in China compared to our wonderfuldemocracy here at home is extraordinary. And I think that the market willnot be constrained because of infrastructure problems. I think the governmentis terrific in that regard. They've done things when we were getting ready toopen. There was a period of about two weeks before we opened when Jack Binionand I said we'll never make it. They had no street on the east side of ourbuilding. And five days later, it was finished. It was 24 June, Avenue 24thJune didn't exist and within five to sixdays it was finished, incredible. That could never happen in the United States.So, I have tremendous confidence in the ability of the government to do almostanything they think is necessary, in terms of infrastructure. And you know thatthey are behind this growth in Macaucompletely. It never would have happened were it not for the centralgovernment's support and encouragement.
Larry Klatzkin  Jefferies: All right, thanks guys.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Yournext question comes from the line of Robin Farley with UBS.
Robin Farley - UBS: Thanks. I had a couple ofquestions. First in Macau, just looking atyour mass dropping down year-over-year, did you reconfigure the tables? Did youtake some tables out of the math designation and make them VIP; just trying tounderstand that change.
Steve Wynn: We added to the mass market andwe added to VIP. The expansion included two new VIP rooms and a general casino.And there are yet three more VIP casinos that are quite extraordinary, two ofthem will be coming this year, at the end of the year, and then another one inthe base of the Diamond Tower. And there is aMembers Only general casino in the base of the Diamond Tower.There is quite a bit of additional capacity that comes on at the higher end ofthe spectrum at the end of this year, in the fall. And then as the tower itselfopens up, we have a brand new and quite exciting entrance that is on the cornerof our building that faces MGM directly, within 150 feet, and the new L'Arcde Triomphe Hotel being built by Stanley Ho's wife and Angela. And both ofthose casinos are right at our door in our new Diamond members' only facility.So, we did not take anything off the floor.
Robin Farley - UBS: Okay.
Ron Kramer: And just to comment Robin, themass market business were flat, that's after absorbing the significant increaseand just to point out to you the drop is down, but the Wynn is actually up fromfourth quarter last year.
Robin Farley - UBS: Right now we are just looking atthe drop as kind of normalized without any hold impact. Okay. And then therehave been changes in the market in terms of VIP, commission structures, andways that competitors are quoting VIP business. And I wondered if you couldtalk about, to what extent you are providing credit to junkets, even if it'sjust using their commission just to the extent that their commissions arecollateral, or I guess, to any degree that you are doing that?
Steve Wynn: That's proprietary information. Iam not going to discuss it.
Robin Farley - UBS: Okay. And then my last questionis. There were two transactions in the fourth quarter with the equity offeringand the large dividend that, you know, for the larger shareholders that didn'tparticipate in the offering, I guess is kind of equivalent of selling shares,and given that you have plans for a major Cotai property, we don't have thebudget yet, but you've indicated it's going to be big. How does that dividendkind of fit? How does that fit in to your capital plans for Cotai and kind oftiming and capital?
Ron Kramer: I think you've got it a littleconfused. Let me
Steve Wynn: You certainly confused me. Couldyou try and give that question, Robin, one more time, so that we can deal withit?
Robin Farley - UBS: Sure. So you raised equity in the$154 range and then you paid a large dividend. Given that you have plans forsignificant capital spending in Cotai, just curious as to why the largedividend, when that capital would probably have fitted to your plans for Cotai? 
Steve Wynn: We don't feel that we have anyproblem raising capital and the large dividend was to give shareholders money.
Ron Kramer: And the piece you missed inbetween was that we did a $400 million bond deal for Wynn Las Vegas level, andat the end of the year we looked at what our aggregate cash needs wereincluding the undrawn facilities, which is over $1billion at the Wynn Macaulevel, which theoretically would be the equity for our Cotai project on astandalone financing. So we have unmatched financingcapability in terms of both our cash and our leverage and we've always donethings that are shareholder friendly in terms of returning capital to ourshareholders. We did it in '06 and we have the ability to do it based on aseries of transactions.
Steve Wynn: There are various advantageoustax rates for the shareholders, all of them. I think thats something we needat the moment. There was a 3% tax rate there.  
Ron Kramer: We'll put up the final number inMarch.
Robin Farley - UBS: All right. I guess --.
Steve Wynn: And so, that's a nice thing to dofor shareholders.
Robin Farley - UBS: I guess, I am trying tounderstand what the time the share issuance was, if you didn't need it forcapital raising?
Steve Wynn: It is the job, and you could takethis as a final statement on the subject going forward. It is the job of Boardof Directors and especially of a CEO to take advantage of the market. And thatmarket movement is extreme. Now when a company increases its value by 50% in 60days, that's unnatural movement of value and the market also goes the other waysometimes. These unnatural movements in value -- no company gets to be worthtwice as much in 60 days, as it was before to any intelligent person. So, whenthat happens, we take advantage of it, and if everybody is so hungry forshares, we let them have some. And if the shares go down, we buy them, and thatpolicy is a statement of policy of this company.
Robin Farley - UBS: Okay. Great, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We have reached theend of allotted questions for today. Are there any closing remarks?
Steve Wynn: No, it's just that it would benice -- we always seem to get questions every quarter from the same five or sixpeople and you mentioned there were 200 people on the call and I was hopefulthat somebody new might have a question that attacked our business from adifferent angle, for example. And if that's not the case, we will say thank youand good bye to everybody. But we're always anxious to hear from new people ifthey are on the call, besides our competitors.
Ron Kramer: Thanks everyone.
Steve Wynn: Bye, bye.
Operator: Thank you for participating intoday's Wynn Resorts Limited fourth quarter conference call. You may nowdisconnect.

===== 2007 Q2  (2007-08-06 17:00:00) =====
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Executives: Steve Wynn - CEO   Ron Kramer - President   Marc Schorr - COO   John Strzemp - CFO of Wynn Resorts   Andrew Pascal - President of Wynn Las Vegas   David Sisk - CFO of Wynn Las Vegas   Ian Coughlan - President of Wynn Macau   Scott Peterson - CFO of Wynn Macau 
Analysts: Celeste Brown - Morgan Stanley   Steven Kent - Goldman Sachs   Joe Greff - Bear Sterns   David Katz - CIBC World Markets   Robin Farley - UBS   Will Lerner - Deutsche Bank   Larry Haverty - Gamco   Mathew Frakas - Paradigm Capitals 
Operator: Good afternoon and welcome to the Wynn Resorts Limited, Second Quarter Conference Call. Joining the call on behalf of the company today are Steve Wynn, Ron Kramer, Marc Schorr, John Strzemp, CFO of Wynn Resorts, Andrew Pascal, President of Wynn Las Vegas, David Sisk, CFO of Wynn Las Vegas and on the phone Ian Coughlan, President of Wynn Macau and Scott Peterson, CFO of Wynn Macau.  All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. Following the speaker's remark there will be a question and answer session. (Operator Instructions)  Now, I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Kramer, please go ahead sir. 
Ron Kramer: Thank you Libo and good afternoon everyone. Before we begin, I need to remind you that today's conference call contains forward-looking statements that we are making under the Safe Harbor Provision of Federal Securities Laws. I would also like to caution you that the Company's actual results could differ materially from the anticipated results in these forward-looking statements. Please see today's press release under the caption forward-looking statements for the discussions of risks that may affect our results.  In addition we might discuss adjusted property EBITDA, which is a non-GAAP measure. A reconciliation of those measures for the most comparable GAAP measure is included in the press release.  We are broadcasting this conference call live on www.wynnresorts.com where you can also find the earnings release, which we circulated earlier today. We're going to keep our prepared remarks to a minimum.  Let me start by saying that we're incredibly proud of the achievements this quarter. The second quarter of 2007 was a record quarter for both Wynn Las Vegas and Wynn Macau. We've generated over $1 million in EBITDA per day in each of our properties, which we believe exceeds all expectations and highlights the strength of the Wynn Brand.  In Las Vegas we generated EBITDA of about $115.2 million, a 57.6% improvement over the second quarter of 2006, as every segment including gaming, hotel, food and beverage, retail and others outperformed last years results.  In Macau, we continue to experience strong sequential growth. EBITDA in the second quarter was $92.7 million, 17% above the first quarter and 58% higher than the fourth quarter of last year.  We believe that our product and service are the best in each of the markets where we operate and that our numbers reflect that. And with that we're going to open it up for your questions. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from the line of Celeste Brown with Morgan Stanley. Celeste your line is open. 
Celeste Brown - Morgan Stanley: Hi guys good afternoon, can you hear me? 
Ron Kramer: Yes. 
Celeste Brown - Morgan Stanley: Alright. The results that Wynn Vegas which I guess we all forget about sometimes because we're so focused on Macau, are just absolutely extra-ordinary, because in terms of volumes and the EBITDA produced. Is the $115 level something that's sustainable from hereon in, is that something we should think about is a run rate for that property particularly given this was a seasonally weak quarter? 
Ron Kramer: Look as you know we never give guidance and we've always said that we worry about growing the top line of our business and that overtime that the brand Macau can create increasing levels of profitability. We had a high whole percentage in this quarter, which contributed to those results and we continue to believe that our ability to grow the business and to extend the value of the brand is ongoing. 
Celeste Brown - Morgan Stanley: In terms of your whole there is only couple of hundred, 20 or 30 basis points above your normal range. How much do you think the higher whole contributed to the bottom line for that property? 
Scott Peterson: Approximate $7 million. 
Ron Kramer: Yeah, approximately $7 million and just also want to point out to you that this is the third quarter where we have been able to achieve over a $100 million in EBITDA. 
Celeste Brown - Morgan Stanley: Thank you and how much was higher whole that Wynn Macau, how much did that contribute? 
Ron Kramer: Approximately, $8 million to $9 million for the quarter. 
Celeste Brown - Morgan Stanley: Okay. Thank you so much. 
Ron Kramer: Sure. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven Kent with Goldman Sachs. Steve your line is open. 
Ron Kramer: Hi Steve. 
Steven Kent - Goldman Sachs: Hey Ron, hey could you just talk a little bit about any impact at all from the visa restrictions. Certainly the numbers dont seem to be showing it in Macau, even though [mass] market was roughly flat with the previous quarter, just not seeing any slowdown in it. At least a few months ago it sounds like you were more concerned about that. Could you just address that? 
Ron Kramer: Well look, we continue to be concerned about it, it's too early to really say what the impact is going to be. What's clear is that we had very little impact in the current quarter. The real story I am looking at, what's going to happen is these restrictions take hold, as again increasing capacities come on in the end of August, and then later in the year. So, we still are looking at the outlook in the market, but clearly there has been no immediate impact from those restrictions. 
Steven Kent - Goldman Sachs: And also, I noticed that you changed sort of the mix of the expansion a little bit in Macau. Is that based on anything you are seeing in the market or anticipating? 
Ron Kramer: Well, I think the premise in, where we were last time, was that the expansion that we were going to look at, to add additional retail space, to reconfigure the mix of both VIP and Mass, weve clearly landed on what we believed to be the right formula going forward. Well open up an additional 20,000 square feet in the third quarter, and then the ability to master plan the entire project and now we will be able to say that we will land 380 tables and 1,200 slots by Chinese New Year. So we still are looking at the increase in capacity. We still see that there is things going on competitively in the market, but we have a very clear plan about how we plan to position ourselves, relative to our competition. 
Steven Kent - Goldman Sachs: Okay Ron. Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from line of Joe Greff with Bear Sterns. Joe, your line is open. 
Joe Greff - Bear Sterns: Good afternoon, everyone, nice results. Ron, can you just help clarify or quantify the second phase in the third quarter, the additional table games and slot machines. Is that consistent with the press release from June? 
Ron Kramer: Yeah. Just to put it in perspective, we think that we will be adding in the third quarter, seven VIP tables and approximately 25 main floor tables and an additional 220 slot machines. 
Joe Greff - Bear Sterns: Okay, that's helpful. And then with the Wynn Diamond Suites expansion, am I right in assuming that there is going to be additional gaming space beyond VIP there? 
Ron Kramer: We're still in the design of the Diamond Suites, obviously, we spent a lot of time over the last quarter, getting to the point where we are now comfortable to put out those broad project budgets of $550 million to $600 million in a timeline of opening in early 2010. 
Joe Greff - Bear Sterns: Okay. And then one final question, I know you referenced Cotai in the press release, is there anything else you want to talk there in terms of timing, I think, I know the answer there though? 
Ron Kramer: We still, obviously, we have committed to both Encore and to the further expansion of Wynn Macau, we have the 52 acres of land, we are moving forward and as our plans become more concrete, we'll be able to give you more detail. The one other comment I want to make related to Macau is just as well as the property has been doing in this quarter, remember that we are still carrying 500 dealers and all the expenses for that planned expansion. So that probably impacted us to the $2 million, $3 million to $4 million something expenses in the quarter. 
Joe Greff - Bear Sterns: Great, excellent. Thanks. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Katz with CIBC World Markets. David your line is open. 
David Katz - CIBC World Markets: Hi, good afternoon. 
Ron Kramer: Hi. 
David Katz - CIBC World Markets: Congrats on your quarter. 
Ron Kramer: Thanks. 
David Katz - CIBC World Markets: You're welcome. A couple of questions, firstly in Las Vegas, the margin expansion obviously is exceeded most expectations, anything you've done on the cost side there in terms of cost cutting to drive that kind of margin expansion or are we to understand that that was all kind of volume driven and then I have one follow-up? 
Ron Kramer: Yeah, I think, as we've talked about previously it's always been about growing the top line and that this has never been about trying to target margins and trying to take costs out to make the business more profitable, that part of the investment in the brand is being able to deliver a level of customer service that clearly is resonated with the higher spending clientele and the results in the volumes is being quite substantial. 
David Katz - CIBC World Markets: Right. And then just one question on Macau, the announcements here about the expansion and I guess, and just looking at the press release that came out in June relative to this one to follow-up, I guess, Joe's question what change, what have we learned if and some of your earlier comments with respect to the -- these are restrictions we have yet to sort of see impact or learn about what the impact will be. I thought there was some commentary back in June about competition coming on. What change and what have we learned since then that gives us this confidence? 
Steve Wynn: Steve Wynn answering this question. We didn't actually learn anything, I may have inadvertently due to sloppy communication given a wrong impression in the last quarter about our delay. Some people thought that we have stopped, quite the contrary, we were scheduled to open the full stretch of the expansion on the 5th or 10th of September in the next few weeks.  And when I was there the last season, I am one of my trips I decided that there wasn't enough balance and the final configuration of the Diamond Casino, and I thought that we needed more retail, some additional food and beverage capacity and some more meeting rooms stuff upstairs and some other things that we had learned would be more responsive to the type of trade that we've attracted there, which can pretty much be described as the top-end. And that meant that I had to hold opening the rest of the space until later in this season in order to make those adjustments.  And I made that point that we were delaying the full opening from September forward and it's now going to be January, because I want to make those changes to balance the facility much in the way the current facility is balanced. And it meant a few less tables but more powerfully positioned tables and the creation of new VIP rooms. And some other things of that sort and more retail, some very fancy retailers. We had such a wonderful response with our very exclusive top-end retail, that more of the top-end retail people wanted to come in and that sort of niche that we have established.  At the same time, I talked about the rather breathtaking amount of capacity that was about to hit the market. And when those two things were said at the same breath, I made it sound like we were backing off, when hardly, when exactly the opposite was the case. So, allow me to correct that impression. We are not backing off at all. As a matter of fact we are pressing ahead, and we've come a great deal of the way down the road to completing our thinking and our planning on Cotai as well.  But as to Wynn Macau, the existing facility, we've finished the planning of the current casino and it is underway and will be finished in January. The only thing that won't be opened for Chinese New Year will be the space directly under the Diamond Suites villas and Diamond Suites suites. And there are over 400 of the villas and suites, there are no typical rooms in that building, they are all exclusive and luxurious. And there are two VIP casinos there, two very luxurious junket rooms that have about 14 or 15 tables each. There are two new restaurants and some more retail underneath that tower and that won't be ready for quite sometime while we do the deep foundation work in landfill. But all the rest of the expansion that we have already built will be opened and fully operational with the staff that we have been carrying since last winter by Chinese New Year. We will open it in January, we are right on schedule, and there are no more questions about that that we are answering. We are setting sale with that program against all competition in the market and we are feeling very good about it. 
David Katz - CIBC World Markets: Thank you for that. And if I could just ask one more quick one. With respect to Macau and whole percentage, I would say one of the challenges we have in forecasting is getting our table whole percentage dialed in just right. What have we I guess learned in a short time that Macau is opened about table whole percentage and do we have the right normal range out there or should there be some adjustment to that normal? 
Steve Wynn: Repeating your observation that you are having a hard time getting a handle on that, welcome to the club. 
Ron Kramer: Yeah, 2.7 to 3 is what we continue to put out as our range and we continue to exceed our range. 
Steve Wynn: Look. 
Ron Kramer: I am not with it. 
Steve Wynn: I would only add one think to this discussion of whole percentage. To the investment community that's joined our call and our competitors as well, something that's been known to all of us for quite sometime. The house advantage in a given mathematical sense on a hand of baccarat, or a passing dice is well understood. But what determines the growth revenue of a casino is the length of play. And casinos that appeal in a special way to customers, and make them sit for a longer period of time, enjoy a different range of response than those that do not. Similarly, and that's true of black jack or craps or roulette, it is also true that casinos that cater to high-end Baccarat players, who tend to have much longer playing periods and bigger bank roles, have a higher range of response in terms of casino potential revenue than those that do not.  And that's why the Golden Nugget when we operated it, didnt hold as much money as the Mirage or the Wynn Las Vegas, it would be different than a place like the Sahara. So when you talk about Macau you are on exactly the same position again. The General Casino was one thing, and the VIP rooms were another, they differ structurally in the way we pay the junket operators and the promotional allowances we dispense to customers and credit and all the rest and people in the General Casino play for a shorter period of time. And so whole percentage is a murky subject at best, and it has to be considered in the total context of the resort and the clientele the resort enjoys.  And I think that as you evaluate all of us in this business that you are going to have to come your own conclusions about that and of course you can look at history. We dont publish our whole percentages by the month. It's probably well passed the point of too much information for anybody to bother with. But you should certainly take note of the kinds of hotels that the various companies operate or the kinds of operations today a particular hotel represents. I am done with the answer, 
David Katz - CIBC World Markets: Thank you very much. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robin Farley with UBS. Robin your line is open. 
Robin Farley - UBS: Great, I have got three questions first one on Encore, it looks like the budget went up slightly since last time and you made a comment in the release about refining the final design, so I guess is that, should we interpret that as the potential for that budget to go up a little further? And then the other two are Macau questions, one is do you anticipate any changes to commission levels in the market after capacity in Cotai opens?  And then, secondly in terms of your comments just a moment ago on whole percentage are there others in the market saying they are comfortable with VIP win levels instead of being 2.7% to 3%, are little higher or I guess at 3% and based on the commentary you just made about the kind of the more upscale the property, the more the propriety offers, more likely the whole percentages to be higher, I am curious why you wouldn't have a whole percentage? Why you would have a whole percentage I guess below what others are saying as a normal hold? 
Steve Wynn: Robin its Steve I don't know what others are saying, but I responded to the other question by saying that, its a moving thing and we are new in the market, not as Sands has the most experience. We are relative new comers we are just getting ready to finish our first year and I am learning along with my colleagues about Macau and sharing that information with all of you as quickly as we are able to discern any pattern. And we have no secrets, the comments I just made about the whole percentage are based upon my experience here in Las Vegas for the past 40 years.  As far as the budget of Encore, Encore is done the apartment on the 41st floor this week. 
Ron Kramer: And the increase is mostly rounding as we have finalized design so this is not the $100 million increase this was a $21 million increase which took us 2.15 though we've rounded. So there is a very small increase that's included in the Encore budget. 
Steve Wynn: Encore will be open next year, its 2039 suites. The whole thing is all suites just like diamond. We won't be building regular rooms much any more in this company. Did I miss and answer to your question Robin? 
Robin Farley - UBS: The other question was just in Macau if you anticipate any changes to commission level in the market. 
Ron Kramer: I remember now Robin we don't know what to anticipate. The enterprise that's about to be launched in a few weeks is the massive groundbreaking enterprise by our neighbors, good neighbors to the south and they have an enormous amount of VIP space, over twice as much as our self at the moment. And we would not lead any change in the market. We would only be forced perhaps to follow it but I'd really think that question would be better addressed to other companies that are in the market, we don't have any plan whatsoever to change our programs that we have.  Our junket operators the three of them are very happy with us and have expressed that they are very happy and claim that their clientele find the hotel to be the hotel of choice of all the hotels that are in Macau at the moment and hopefully they'll continue to feel that way. Even though they may patronize another or newer hotel they'll still find us as a nice place to be and so we are not planning any changes. 
Robin Farley - UBS: Okay great. Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Will Lerner with Deutsche Bank. Will your line is open. 
Will Lerner - Deutsche Bank: Yeah thanks a lot you guys. Two questions, one Steve can you just make remark of what Okada is saying about Japan if you are willing to share that with us now that we've seen some changes with the LDP, then I have got a Macau follow up. 
Steve Wynn: I dont feel qualified in giving any leadership to this subject at the present time. Sorry. 
Will Lerner - Deutsche Bank: Okay. Well the follow up is just on the structure of your VIP business. I guess we seem now and obviously some of this has to do with whole this offer to be seen margins improve sequentially in Macau can you just talked about if not absolute numbers just directional help here on the percentage of your VIP business that's direct versus junket? And I would suspect that that's a big benefit from margin perspective. 
Steve Wynn: Matt you are -- John Strzemp is going to answer the question. 
John Strzemp: In Macau approximately 75% of our VIP business comes from junket operators, approximately 20% to 25% is run in-house programs. 
Will Lerner - Deutsche Bank: In house okay. 
John Strzemp: Basically [75.2] 
Will Lerner - Deutsche Bank: Okay, can the in-house stuff that you just think about as typically slightly lower margin than mass market margins, its still structurally little different. 
Ron Kramer: Well I think that's again under the category with a little bit more information than we need to share with everybody at this moment on a conference call. 
Will Lerner - Deutsche Bank: Okay. Right let me ask you one more then if I can, just on the when you talked about the golf course development in a while and obviously there is a tremendous amount of supply in the Vegas pipeline, you guys have talked about maybe punching a hole in the ground there in 2010 or so. Given the infrastructure needs of Vegas and given the amount of supplies or premium proposed supply anyway, coming in 2011 and 2012 and so forth. Did that change your view on timing and scope? 
Steve Wynn: No. Listen, we got a $2 billion hotel under construction next door, that's over 2,000 suites. Now based upon the information that you see available to you about the one that we are sitting in today, and how it performs, imagine if we hold or improve these levels, you don't need too many other hotels. Now, if we were operating with a different kind of company, we might need five or six of these puppies, but at our level one or two is enough.  The property holds its value. The golf course, we are talking about our real estate, only gets worth more each day. And we have had a very exciting development in our neighborhood with the arrival of Mr. [Schuba] and his colleagues from the Plaza Hotel from Israel. They are going to be spending billions of dollars across the street, right next to the folks of the Boyd Gaming who are spending billions of dollars on Echelon Place. The whole high-end neighborhood of Las Vegas is about to take place, slightly north of Spring Mountain Road in Treasure Island. And then Caddy Corner is Barney's and Palazzo, in the middle of this little cross wire is our property.  I am feeling wonderfully encouraged by the improvement in the neighborhood, I mean, we were across the street in a Frontier Hotel and I built that when I was 25 years old with some other guys and it was a mean looking place by the time it got closed, nobody really went there anymore and Phil Rothman did a fabulous deal by selling it to Isaac Schuba. And Isaac has got plans that he shared with us verbally because he stays here to look down on his property. We picked up our occupancy from the Schuba Group. And they have plans that are really quite dramatic, not to mentioned Donald Trump's, Condo Hotel, which is opening in a few months.  And the second however underway, but there is a 1000 rooms and 3000 rooms of Palazzo that are very fancy not to mention Barney's and all those stores and all those restaurants that the folks at the Sands are opening. We don't have any walk-in business, this quarter that you are looking at is, where Island here, and a nice Island perhaps, but we are in Island and we are about to become the cross section of the Fancy's neighborhood on the Las Vegas trip.  To take Echelon and the Palazzo developments, as an entry, coupled with the Palazzo and Encore and the Sands' rooms -- but looks are even going as far as the Flamengo just stay with the adjacent property. The Fancy's new hotels in the history of Las Vegas were all here. And I think that's a very notable migration of the center of gravity of our town in terms of quality at least to the North. And we are mighty proud of our neighbors and what they are doing, we can't wait for Mr. Adellson's Group to commence their operations later this year, hopefully because that will make it another big jump in our retail walk-in traffic.  I don't when Barney's is going to be open, its right on the corner adjacent to us our store is Barney's which is wonderful, we are very excited about all that and so of course we are going to keep studying in and take advantage, the first thing we'll do on the Golf Course is build directly across in the Las Vegas Convention Center on the corner of Paradise Road and Desert Inn, that will be the first shot that we fired and we are working on that idea and the concept of that now. I hope that answers your question. 
Will Lerner - Deutsche Bank: That's great. Thanks Steve. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Larry Haverty with Gamco. Larry, your line is open. 
Larry Haverty - Gamco: Yeah, two questions related about Macau. The first is, do you expect ever the non-gaming revenues to move up below the low level that they are currently at? And then the companion question is that the slot win was pretty impressive in the quarter, does this mean that the locals are changing their behavior to slots and does that affect your thought processes? 
Ron Kramer: Larry, Macau is an evolutionary market and when you look at the history in Las Vegas and you look at how the market has grown as you develop non-gaming assets, the gaming market improved. In Macau, you are starting with a run rate market that's already beyond Las Vegas. The infrastructure to the market is still the story about what's going to happen in the years to come, the road, the bridges, the rails, increased air transportation. So, the visitation to the market will only go up over the next few years, and as a result of that, the gaming revenue will grow, but the non-gaming revenue will grow to get to the mix of where Las Vegas is currently operating, looking at us it approximately 45%, gaming, 55%, non-gaming is going to happen in Macau over a much shorter period time. 
Steve Wynn: I think I would like to add little something to that. It's in a different tag, think of Las Vegas versus Atlantic City for a moment. Atlantic City have a lot of day trippers, a lot of repeat visitations, multiple visits. If there are 35 million people out just and then the number it's probably a 1 million people 35 times. In Las Vegas of the 35 million people, it may be 17 million people twice a year. Okay, those are of course exaggerations. But my point is obvious, that when people go on vacation as they do here, then their shopping and they are taking longer trips and the non-casino options are very important to them.  In Atlantic City which is now become something of mature market, we see a trend or a profile that's much closer to Macau and there is tremendous similarity between the two places actually. And the proximity, the big population areas, the fact that people can reach it easily for an evening or a day, their average stay is much shorter. So Las Vegas was out in the middle of desert. People had to come here and make a journey, they still do. And so they don't make the journey for a night, they make it for two or three. I think that Macau will change the profile.  But to Larry if I understand your question, we get to the point where we have 50-50 mix like we do here. No, I don't think so not right away, but we will get our fabulous demonstration of how close the idea is if you have [build and they will come], we will see how close that may be as we watch the results of the wonderful new Venetian hotel when it opens, because here is the case where there is huge shopping center and all other things that we see in Las Vegas brought to an enormous level. The Sands folks did a good job of describing all of that, and if there is ever a chance we'll see it first at The Venetian because in our current facility we can never match the non gaming offerings that are being presented at The Venetian, but incidentally I am impressed with The Venetians approach and that is why I reconfigured the Diamond Casino to add more retail and other attractions, entertainment attractions all of which would unveiled in January. Because, I am trying to get that other number up, I dont know what comes first though. You built, you have the facilities and you are using them, or is it something inherently structural about the nature of the visitation.  You know we have got a very big airport here, and so there is a nice airport in Macau, the flights are being increased each season from Taipei and another places, but I would look for a fifty-fifty breakout in the near future. And as far as the slot machines go, same comment I made before. Slot revenue goes up when people stay at the machines longer. When people stay at the machines longer thats what happens in our place, which is why the slot revenue is as high in both Las Vegas and Macau compared to the rest of the market per machine. 
Larry Haverty - Gamco: Okay, great, good job Steve. 
Operator: And your final question comes from the line of Mathew Farkas with Paradigm Capital. Mathew your line is open. 
Mathew Frakas - Paradigm Capitals: Thanks so much, congratulations. I have one question thats kind of a two part. Would you think that your sensational results in Las Vegas is the result of taking market share from some of your competitors in that town or is it more based on people from Asia, who may be hadnt come to Las Vegas, but now that you know your name is establishing a brand in Macau, they are now coming to Vegas or in fact more often. 
Steve Wynn: Both 
Mathew Frakas - Paradigm Capitals: Both? 
Steve Wynn: Yes. 
Mathew Frakas - Paradigm Capitals: Okay, I guess that's that. Thank you. 
Operator: And there are no further questions at this time. Gentlemen, do you have any closing comments? 
Ron Kramer: No. Thank you all for joining us and we look forward to speaking to you again after our next quarter. 
Operator: This concludes today's conference, you may now disconnect.
