===== 2025 Q1  (2025-04-29 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the First Quarter 2025 Zebra Technologies Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. Should you need assistance, please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mike Steele, Vice President, Investor Relations.
Mike Steele: Good morning, and welcome to Zebra's first quarter earnings conference call. This presentation is being simulcast on our website at investors.zebra.com and will be archived there for at least one year. Our forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and assumptions and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially, and we refer you to the factors discussed in our SEC filings. During this call, we will reference non-GAAP financial measures as we describe our business performance. You can find reconciliations at the end of this slide presentation and in today's earnings press release. Throughout this presentation, unless otherwise indicated, our references to sales performance are year-on-year on a constant currency basis and exclude results from recently acquired businesses for twelve months. This presentation will include prepared remarks from Bill Burns, our Chief Executive Officer, and Nathan Winters, our Chief Financial Officer. We will begin with a discussion of our first quarter results. Nathan will then provide additional detail and discuss our outlook. Bill will conclude with progress on advancing our strategic priorities. Following the prepared remarks, Bill and Nathan will take your questions. Now let's turn to Slide four as I hand it over to Bill.
Bill Burns: Thank you, Mike. Good morning, and thank you for joining us. Our teams executed well in the first quarter, delivering results above our outlook. As we enter, customers navigate through an unpredictable environment. I want to begin by highlighting a few points before we cover our results in greater detail. We have made significant progress over the past eighteen months in returning to profitable growth, extending our market leadership, and advancing our portfolio of solutions. While there is macroeconomic uncertainty, our first quarter results were strong, and the demand environment has remained positive into the second quarter. We are well equipped to navigate the current landscape. Our solutions are critical in any economic environment, and we continue to expand our market reach and opportunity. We have made substantial progress diversifying our supply chain beyond China over the past several years, and we have a capital-light business model which enables us to remain agile. We have a track record of preserving key investments in our business to accelerate long-term growth in challenging times while protecting profitability. And remain well-positioned to benefit from secular trends to digitize and automate workflows with our portfolio of innovative solutions. Now turning to Q1 results. As we discussed in our last earnings call, strong retail year-end project spending carried over into January. Demand in the quarter remained strong, driving sales growth above our guidance range. For the quarter, we realized sales exceeding $1.3 billion, a 12% increase compared to the prior year, and an adjusted EBITDA margin of 22.3%, a 240 basis point increase, and non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $4.02, which was 42% higher than the prior year. We realized strong broad-based growth across all major product categories and regions. We also saw double-digit growth across most of our vertical end markets, with high single-digit growth in manufacturing. From a profitability perspective, we achieved the highest quarterly gross margin in more than a decade and significant operating leverage resulting in strong improvement in profitability. As we enter the second quarter, we continue to see solid demand, and the businesses continue to perform well. However, we remain agile to changes in this dynamic environment and continue to take actions to mitigate tariffs. I will now turn the call over to Nathan to review our Q1 financial results, tariff considerations, and outlook.
Nathan Winters: Thank you, Bill. Let's start with the P&L on Slide six. In Q1, total company sales increased approximately 12%, reflecting continued recovery in demand across our major product categories and unfavorable prior year comparisons, particularly for printing. In our services and software recurring revenue businesses, grew slightly in the quarter. Our asset intelligence and tracking segment sales increased 18%, and enterprise visibility and mobility segment sales grew 9%. We realized strong sales growth across our regions. In North America, sales grew 7% with growth in all product categories, in particular strength in data capture, print, and RFID. EMEA sales grew 18% with strength in Northern Europe. Asia Pacific sales increased 13%, led by Australia and New Zealand, and sales grew 18% in Latin America with particular strength in Mexico. Adjusted gross margin increased 150 basis points to 49.6%, primarily due to favorable business mix and volume leverage. Adjusted operating expenses as a percent of sales improved by 100 basis points. This resulted in a first-quarter adjusted EBITDA margin of 22.3%, a 240 basis point increase versus the prior year. Non-GAAP diluted earnings per share were $4.02, a 42% year-over-year increase, and above the high end of our outlook. Turning now to the balance sheet and cash flow on slide seven. For the first quarter, we generated $158 million of free cash flow as we drove improvements in EBITDA, working capital, and inventory levels. We ended Q1 at a 1.2 net debt to adjusted EBITDA levered ratio. As our cash flow has recovered, net debt levels have moderated, and we have increased flexibility to deploy capital consistent with our allocation priorities. We repurchased $125 million of stock in Q1 and another $75 million in April. And as a part of our continued efforts to scale our expansion in adjacent markets, on February 28, we acquired FotoNeuf, a leading 3D machine vision company based in Eastern Europe, for $62 million. This profitable business will contribute approximately 30 basis points to Zebra's overall sales growth in 2025. Now turning to slide eight, as Bill outlined, we are well equipped to navigate the global environment. We deliver solutions that are critical to our customers in diverse end markets. Our capital-light business model has a flexible cost structure given that we outsource most manufacturing and the vast majority of our products are fulfilled through third-party distribution. We have a strong free cash flow profile with more than $1 billion generated over the trailing four quarters. And as I just mentioned, our balance sheet is in excellent shape with nearly $900 million of cash, modest debt levels, and $1.5 billion credit capacity. We will continue to take appropriate actions to preserve profitability and prioritize business investments that improve our competitive position and create long-term value for shareholders. Due to the global nature of our supply chain, like many other electronic manufacturing companies, we are subject to recently enacted US import tariffs. On slide nine, we provide an update on the anticipated impacts from tariffs on our products imported to the United States and our efforts to mitigate them. We are now assuming an $80 million to $90 million annualized gross profit impact after mitigating actions. This assumes the current effective rates, including the electronics and USMCA exemptions. Our mitigating actions have included shifting additional North America production out of China and approximately $80 million of recently announced annualized pricing adjustments. For the full year 2025, we are now assuming approximately $70 million gross profit impact after mitigation, with a $25 million to $30 million impact in the second quarter following the $3 million impact in Q1. We will continue to evaluate additional opportunities to mitigate US import tariffs as we monitor global trade policy. These potential actions will include additional shifting of global production, product portfolio optimization, and additional price adjustments. Let's now turn to our outlook. We entered the second quarter with a solid backlog and pipeline to support our sales guide and expect Q2 growth between 4% and 7%, with a net neutral impact from our most recent acquisition in FX. The weaker U.S. Dollar since our last earnings call. Our second quarter adjusted EBITDA margin is expected to be approximately 19%, which assumes impacts from US import tariffs exceeding 200 basis points, and non-GAAP diluted earnings per share expected to be in the range of $3.00 to $3.50. For the full year, we are leaving our guidance unchanged, with the exception of the direct cost of tariffs. Full-year sales guidance remains between 3% and 7% and assumes a net neutral impact from FX and recent acquisitions. Given our solid Q1 results and Q2 guidance, we would typically raise the outlook. That said, while we have not seen any meaningful shift in customers' purchasing behavior to date, the fluid global trade policies and related impacts on our customers remain on our radar. We are now modeling a $70 million gross profit impact from tariffs for the full year, which is $50 million higher than our prior guidance. Consequently, we are reducing our full-year adjusted EBITDA margin outlook by 100 basis points to between 20% and 21% to reflect the increased direct cost of tariffs, and non-GAAP diluted earnings per share to the range of $13.75 to $14.75. Free cash flow for the year is expected to be at least $700 million, which reflects the impact of tariffs, and applies free cash flow conversion in excess of 90%. As we continue to monitor and navigate the evolving landscape, we will remain agile and continue to work on further optimizing our working capital levels balanced with our supply chain resiliency initiatives. Please reference additional modeling assumptions shown on Slide ten. With that, I will turn the call back to Bill.
Bill Burns: Thank you, Nathan. Turning to Slide twelve. As we navigate the near-term uncertainty, Zebra remains well-positioned to benefit from secular trends to digitize and automate workflows with their portfolio of innovative solutions, including purpose-built hardware, software, and services. We optimize the frontline with solutions that intelligently connect people, assets, and data to help our customers make business-critical decisions. Innovation remains central to our industry leadership, and we have consistently reinvested approximately 10% of our sales in research and development to advance our portfolio of solutions. We augment our organic efforts with strategic acquisitions that advance our vision, as evidenced by our recent closing of FotoNeo, which will expand our 3D machine vision solution into manufacturing, logistics, and other key markets. As you will see on Slide thirteen, Zebra's solutions enable our customers across a broad range of end markets to drive revenue, boost productivity and efficiency, and optimize the frontline, delivering improved service to shoppers and patients. The challenges of an on-demand economy, e-commerce growth, evolving regulations, and labor constraints require increased adoption of automation. Here are some recent examples of customers transforming their workflows. A large transportation logistics provider increased throughput and real-time asset visibility for hands-free package handling by upgrading to our new compact all-in-one wearable mobile computing solution. A North American auto parts retailer is improving inventory accuracy through real-time cycle counts and increasing operational productivity as they deploy our new mobile computers to their store associates and drivers. A large government agency is improving their supply chain efficiency by modernizing their warehouse and tracking of high-value cargo with Zebra's fixed and mobile RFID solution. These projects demonstrate how customers rely on us to navigate their technology journey through our workflow expertise and commitment to innovation. At the ProMat manufacturing and supply chain change show in March, Zebra, along with our partners, showcased our expanding portfolio of solutions to enable customers to accelerate warehouse modernization with faster cycle times, improved quality, and increased visibility. We also launched the Aurora Velocity Scan tunnel, which integrates our machine vision smart cameras, RFID readers, and our Aurora software for vertical-specific use cases. Slide fourteen highlights how Zebra addresses manufacturers' biggest challenges. Operators are faced with increased demand for speed and accuracy while ensuring product quality. To address these challenges, decision-makers are investing in Zebra solutions to provide actionable visibility, optimize quality, and a technology-augmented workforce. Zebra is helping customers like Perris Wright, Kynae Robotics, and Bimbo Bakeries deploy and integrate our technology into their manufacturing environments, enabling work-in-progress tracking, communication and collaboration, quality control, and improved forecasting. Additionally, as manufacturing customers look to diversify their supply chains and make global production moves, Zebra can partner with them to equip their operations. In closing, as we navigate through the near-term environment, our confidence in sustainable long-term growth is underpinned by several key themes, including labor and resource constraints, track and trace mandates, increased consumer expectations, advancements in artificial intelligence, and the need for real-time supply chain visibility. As we move forward, we remain focused on advancing our industry leadership with our innovative solutions, serving our customers well, and driving profitable growth. I will now hand it back to Mike.
Mike Steele: Thanks, Bill. We'll now open the call to Q&A. I ask that you limit yourself to one question and one follow-up to give everyone a chance to participate.
Operator: We will now begin the question and answer session. Our first question comes from Jamie Cook with Truist. Please go ahead.
Jamie Cook: Hi, good morning. I guess my first question just is on the demand picture. It doesn't sound like it, but did you see a change in demand throughout the quarter or going into April? And what are your clients sort of saying customers are saying about demand trends? And then I guess my second question is just around tariffs. It does sound like you're contemplating, you know, making changes to new manufacturing footprints and how to mitigate the risk of tariffs. Can you just go into a little more detail about what actions you're planning on taking? Thank you.
Bill Burns: Sure, Jamie. This is Bill. We entered 2025 supported really by strong retail year-end spending, you know, in the fourth quarter that really carried into the first quarter. And that demand has remained strong through April. So we've seen, despite the global trade, you know, uncertainty overall, customers have remained positive, capital budgets remained intact, and projects continue to move forward. And, you know, but at the same time, our customers are navigating what the global trade environment really means to their businesses. But, you know, so far, to date, we haven't seen any real change in behavior by our customers. You know, overall, many of our customers, I would say, overall, are still digesting what this really means. And I think, for us, that's the reason why we decided that holding our sales outlook for the full year was the best decision, you know, for us. I'd say from a tariff perspective and global supply chains move, certainly it's a dynamic environment. You know, we've engaged, you know, certainly our network of resources, industry experts, what's happening across government affairs, and to really understand trade policy and all the uncertainty around that. We've got a dedicated team established that, you know, my the potential impact and then ultimately designs mitigation strategies. I'd say we continually assess our manufacturing footprint and have done that over the last several years to consider factors such as geopolitical stability, operational capabilities, cost overall. And we've made, you know, significant changes to diversify our supply chain over the last several years to make sure that ultimately we can serve our customers with the highest quality and lowest cost we can. So we continue to monitor the situation and make changes as necessary.
Jamie Cook: Just one follow-up. Sorry.
Operator: Our next question comes from Piyush Avasthy with Citi. Please go ahead.
Piyush Avasthy: Good morning, guys. Thanks for taking my questions.
Bill Burns: Good morning.
Piyush Avasthy: I think you guys highlighted strong broad-based growth across your verticals. Can you elaborate on your manufacturing market? That vertical has lagged versus other verticals. So as we think of 2025 guidance based on your conversations with your customers, do you have good visibility to signal a more sustained improvement in the underlying demand across this vertical?
Bill Burns: Yeah. I'd say that, you know, if we look at the first quarter overall and year to date, you know, through April, we saw broad-based recovery continue across most of our vertical markets. You know, manufacturing is still somewhat lagging, but still up, you know, high single digits. And I would say continued, you know, improving sales trends, but, you know, of course, the global trade environment is weighing on manufacturing. But we continue to see year-on-year growth. You know, as I set up high single digits in the first quarter. But overall lagging the other sectors. You know, from a manufacturing perspective. I'd say, you know, if you look at the other verticals, retail and e-commerce were up double digits. Transportation logistics saw strong growth. You know, healthcare continues to be a strength for us. But, you know, manufacturing grew just not as fast as the other verticals.
Piyush Avasthy: Got it. And I think following up on Jamie's question, like, on your mitigation actions related to tariffs, like, you talked about shifting production from China to other global locations. Can you comment on the typical timeline and the cost that it would take to implement this? You modestly raised your CapEx expectation for this year, so maybe that explains some of it. But any additional color would be helpful.
Bill Burns: Yes. So if you look historically, just again depending on the location, it could take twelve to eighteen months depending on, you know, what location? Is there an existing location or is it a, you know, greenfield in terms of opportunity? So it depends on where the move is happening. We actually bear little of the capital expenditures. So, typically, it's in some of the tooling costs. The large portion of that is with our manufacturing partners that we pay for over time in the bill of materials. So it's not relatively high in terms of CapEx. I think right now, the weighing factor is we've had a series of actions ongoing as we entered the year. Those are all gonna be complete here, you know, within this quarter. So production moves are done and incorporated in the overall guide. I think what we're waiting for next is certainty around the overall policy so that we can make the best decision for the business in terms of where is, you know, the right place to move production for the long term. But we do need some clarity around, you know, where the policies land in terms of tariff impact so we can make the best decision.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brad Hewitt with Wolfe Research.
Brad Hewitt: It sounds like you guys are embedding a gross tariff headwind of about $150 million for the year before any mitigation actions. Is that correct? And then can you clarify the tariff rates you're assuming for the various countries as well as the impact and duration of the exemptions on the mobile computers and scanners? And then also curious what you're assuming in terms of potential factorial tariffs on electronics. Thank you.
Nathan Winters: Yes. If you look at our guide, it includes, say, you know, probably most of the boys say, what is effective as of today? It doesn't assume any changes in the rates or exclusions to the balance of the year. So what that includes is the incremental 140% tariff on US imports from China, 10% from other Asian countries. But I think it's important to note that most of our mobile computing portfolio includes about two-thirds of our China-sourced imports are currently exempt. With the electronics exemption from the reciprocal tariffs. But not the original 20% increase in China. And we also continue to receive USMCA free trade exemption out of our Mexico production. So it's, you know, kinda depends on which of the portfolios in terms of where it's produced, but that's what's incorporated into the guide. So the incremental $70 million is again net of all the ongoing actions that we expect to be complete by the middle of the year as well as the increased pricing which is about $50 million in and overall, that's $70 million to $50 million increase from our prior. So again, I think we're, you know, that's the best estimate we have of today, and we'll adjust accordingly as the rates are finalized here over the coming months. But, again, it seems what's effective today with no changes to the balance of the year?
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Buscaglia with BNP Paribas. Please go ahead.
Andrew Buscaglia: Morning. So for the guidance, the top line, you held that at up three to seven, but you now have changing presumably, pricing. Can you elaborate on the magnitude of the increases you expect to implement? And then any impact of volume you're assuming for the year?
Nathan Winters: So, yeah, as you said, we're leaving our full-year outlook unchanged with the exception of the direct cost of tariff. As Bill mentioned, the demand trends we've continued to be positive here into the second quarter. We haven't seen a pullback on projects to date despite the tariff uncertainty. I think it's also important to note we're not assuming a material step down in demand due to any economic downturn here over the coming months. But I'd say overall, I think a cautious view of second-half sales growth given the environment and I think the other thing is, you know, the year is playing out to date as expected. We've had several new tailwinds but again, we just overall didn't think it was appropriate to raise the full-year sales guide given the uncertainty. So if you look at some of those tailwinds, I mean, obviously, the Q1 beat is a bit favorable. FX is about 100 basis points favorable from the prior guide. Pricing would have been an incremental 70, you know, 70 bps. So they all stack up. In terms of what would have been, let's say, you know, upside to our original guidance. And effectively taken those to the bank and offset, you know, demand pressure or potential demand pressure in the second half. So you know, where our previous guide for the second half assumed mid-single-digit growth, that's now down to low single-digit growth in the second half. Again, we just think that's overall appropriate given the overall uncertainty in the environment.
Andrew Buscaglia: Okay. Okay. And then you commented on manufacturing. Can you comment on transportation and logistics? You're saying you see strong growth there, although some of the headlines from the bigger transport names are pretty negative. Even UPS this morning, pulling their guidance. So yeah, can you talk a little bit more on seeing and why you're not seeing what those headlines are implying?
Nathan Winters: Yeah. I would say that, you know, we saw double-digit growth in transportation logistics really in the first quarter. I think, you know, some of it's explained by being a truly global business, right, inside transportation logistics. We also have postal and other carriers in there beyond just parcel delivery. I would say globally e-commerce demand continues to be positive and grow. I think there's, you know, certain aspects of different business where there's a shift of demand across different carriers and others and I think in your example there was clearly some business that they decided not to move forward with which is impacting their demand for parcel delivery, but then that, you know, shifts to other carriers or to, you know, e-commerce providers themselves, so then we benefit, you know, somewhere else. So I'd say, you know, we're seeing, you know, up double digits. Certainly, depending on what happens with the broader trade environment could impact transportation logistics moving forward. But to date, we haven't seen, you know, any change. There's an opportunity there as well with RFID. So beyond our core products, RFID deployments continue to grow within transportation logistics to create, you know, more efficiencies within their business and across the supply chain. So that remains another opportunity for us. So I'd say overall globally we've seen transportation logistics grow at double digits in the first quarter and continue to be strong as we enter the second quarter.
Operator: Our next question comes from Damian Karas with UBS. Please go ahead.
Damian Karas: Hey, good morning, everyone.
Bill Burns: Good morning, Damian.
Damian Karas: Just a follow-up question on the demand strength that you're seeing. Just curious if you think that any of that might be related to, you know, some pull forward of demand, you know, maybe customers trying to tie up some loose ends and just get some work done before cost inflation starts ramping or, you know, your distributor partners stocking up on inventory. Maybe you can just kinda talk to that and give us a sense for, you know, where you think channel inventories are at the moment.
Bill Burns: Yeah. Maybe I'll start and then Nate can jump in. I would say that we have not seen pull-forward behavior by our customers. Our price increases go in effect at the end of April here. Overall and we haven't seen any change in behavior of end customers or our partners or distributors due to tariffs. I think ultimately it's certainly weighing on sentiment and is in, you know, a lot of conversations we're having with them or all conversations but they really haven't changed their behavior. And I would say, inventory levels around the world that we've been working closely with our distributors to make sure they've got the right level of inventory overall as we've seen market recovery and we feel good about inventory levels to date.
Nathan Winters: I think Damian, the other thing that's important to note with our distributors when the price effect goes into place, we also adjust anything they're holding in inventory. So there's no advantage to a distributor, you know, stocking ahead of the price increase. It's really, you know, the market price to the end user. So, again, there's no risk of, you know, distributors stocking up ahead of the pricing phase. It's and again, as Bill mentioned, I think the Q1 as well as Q2 is, you know, playing out as, you know, can be expected. The beginning of the year, which again just doesn't lead us to see any material movements in full ends.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tommy Moll with Stephens.
Tommy Moll: Good morning and thanks for taking my questions.
Bill Burns: Good morning, Tommy.
Tommy Moll: Follow-up question on the price increase. They're effective end of April. Can you quantify or give us any detail in any other detail on conviction level and being able to stick the full amount of the increase, does it feel like as a market leader in many cases, you're on the more aggressive side and pushing price here, or do you feel like what you've outlined is pretty consistent with others? Thanks.
Bill Burns: I think that we feel good about the price increases and the analytics we do around our pricing in the markets. It's important that we have competitive pricing in the US market specifically and we've done a lot of work and a lot of thought around price increases and we obviously prefer not to increase price, but in this case, we have no choice. I believe it's consistent with what our competitors are doing and what we're seeing from them in the marketplace. Overall and I think we continue to monitor and we'll continue to monitor where we stand from a competitive pricing perspective moving forward. They have no reason to believe they won't stick. Certainly, our largest customers get the best pricing right in the high volumes than others and I think that we'll continue to work with them and then be agile when it comes to pricing as we need to continue to sell value and make sure that we're winning the opportunities out there. But I think we feel okay about the price increases, we'd rather not have increased price. We just don't have a choice. In this case to offset the tariffs, but we've been very thoughtful about it. We feel good about where we're at. The reason we picked the end of April was to give this some time to play out and, you know, there's been significant changes along the way is the unpredictable nature of this. So we think we've made the right decision. And we'll see hopefully, quite honestly get better and in that case, we'd pull back some of the price increases if we can. Ultimately from an end market perspective that will be the right thing to go do.
Tommy Moll: Thanks, Bill. And as a follow-up, I wanted to talk about your visibility in terms of demand. Going back to last quarter, if I recall correctly, the visibility into this year was less than typical and there was some commentary you offered just around customers delaying, finalized budget decisions, etcetera. Today, has that visibility improved at all or would you characterize it in a similar fashion? Thanks.
Bill Burns: Yes. I would say it's not as much about visibility that, you know, visibility actually has gotten better, it's really about uncertainty at this point. So I would say that, you know, when I'm having conversations with, you know, our executives, our customers, CIOs, and others, it's, you know, the beginning of the conversation is really around, you know, from fifteen minutes or so on just tariffs, impacts on their business, our business, the impacts on a global economy generically. And then, you know, ultimately it moves on to, you know, the projects that we're working together on but no mention of pass cuts or pulling back. It's really about hey, we've got these projects going, how are they progressing and the appreciation of them as a customer and us as a partner delivering for them. And then ultimately, you know, the conversation switches to the future. How do we continue to talk about future technology deployments? And move ahead with them? So visibility actually had gotten better and what's ramped up is really uncertainty from a global perspective around tariffs more than anything else and the conversations are clearly dominated by tariff, but really it's not about pulling back or changing behavior. It's more about just the concern and the uncertainty that's out there today and it's weighing on certainly their sentiment.
Operator: Our next question comes from Guy Hardwick with Freedom Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Guy Hardwick: Hi. Good morning. Congratulations on excellent results.
Bill Burns: Thanks, Guy. Appreciate that.
Guy Hardwick: Zebra delivered double-digit organic growth. But it looks like seasonality Q1 was better than normal seasonality. Like, on a sequential basis. Perhaps you could maybe expand a little bit on which end markets or businesses did better than perhaps you would expect it given seasonality?
Bill Burns: Yeah. I'd say that, you know, we saw broad-based recovery really in Q1 overall and we delivered certainly as you said high end of our outlook. And I think we saw it when I say broad-based growth, it really was across all product categories, across all of our regions, and across all of our verticals. I would say that retail and e-commerce continued to outperform in the quarter and continues to do that through April as we continue to see strong demand. E-commerce and omnichannel continue to drive the need for inventory visibility. Enhanced productivity within retail stores and things like communication collaboration, you know, driving our mobile computing, and then ultimately, you know, us continue to win in that environment with the breadth and depth of our portfolio and our expertise in customer relationships. I'd say transportation logistics, you know, we talked a little bit about we saw growth year on year. Manufacturing, we've talked a bit about already creates an opportunity. For Zebra. So we had high single digits in manufacturing, some challenging areas still within manufacturing, but represents a longer-term certainly opportunity for Zebra as we're less penetrated inside core manufacturing in areas like machine vision and others create an opportunity for us. And then let's say healthcare up double-digit continues to be a strength vertical market for us. Clinical mobility really driving that market, you know, improve patient safety, staff communication, collaboration, efficiency, across healthcare freight is an opportunity for us. So I would say, you know, all the verticals strong double-digit growth across each high single digits in manufacturing. The growth was pretty broad-based so far this year and again I think is what is weighing on our customers today is all around really tariffs. I think that otherwise the business is going really, really well but we know that ultimately as this plays out in the unpredictability, you know, we'll see what happens, but it is certainly weighing on our customer sentiment.
Guy Hardwick: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Meta Marshall with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Karanjit Vakar: Thanks for the question. This is Karanjit Vakar on for Meta. Congrats on the quarter. Just a quick question. I know there's a lot of uncertainties and a lot of changing scenarios in terms of tariffs and macro. So just wondering how you guys are thinking about being maybe a little bit more opportunistic around gaining share? How are you thinking about potential share gains given the uncertainties?
Bill Burns: I think we continue to work closely with our customers across each of our vertical markets. As I said, we saw broad-based growth across all regions, across all products, and across all vertical markets in Q1 and through April which we feel good about. I'd say the competitive landscape hasn't really changed and that our strength of ultimately our customer relationships, the deep vertical market expertise we have across the verticals we serve, the breadth and depth of our portfolio overall differentiates us from the competition and gives us a competitive advantage. So we believe that ultimately, you know, we're taking share, you know, in the marketplace. Technologies such as AI create a longer-term opportunity for us competitively. So, you know, at NRF in the first quarter, National Retail, show we launched our AI suite for mobile computing allowing our partners and development partners to and Zebra itself to build AI solutions on top of our mobile computing platforms. We announced the Zebra companion the Gen AI assistant for our mobile devices. So we're excited about the near term where we're winning and our competitive advantage we have there. But also in the longer term, you know, the idea of embracing as the market leader new technologies such as AI and leveraging those on our devices gives us a competitive differentiation in the market and allows us to continue to take share as we've been doing. So we feel good about the breadth and depth of the portfolio and current state as well as future investments we're making in areas like AI.
Karanjit Vakar: Appreciate that. And then just a quick follow-up. I know you've mentioned seeing some manufacturing recovery. Just more specifically on the machine vision business, generally how does that track? How are the diversification efforts tracking? And is that being benefited at all by the manufacturing recovery that you're seeing?
Bill Burns: Yeah. And so we say we're, you know, excited about the FotoNeo acquisition, which was focused on 3D vision capabilities that we closed in the first quarter. They're really a leading developer and manufacturer in 3D vision systems. They were an OEM partner of ours prior, and we're excited about that acquisition and entering, you know, that space. I'd say, you know, machine vision declined in the quarter. That's the one area of weakness I would say we saw, you know, driven by manufacturing. Again, manufacturing up high single digits versus double digits across the other areas. I would say that their diversification efforts continue to progress. We've seen, you know, better traction within North America. We've seen growth in our pipeline and active proof of concepts across multiple verticals, so manufacturing, retail, transportation, logistics. So some of the other vertical markets in areas like scan tunnel, which we released a new version of it at ProMat, trade show just over the last month or so. Creates an opportunity for us beyond manufacturing as manufacturers have been lagging a bit. But I think we remain excited about the long-term opportunities. I think it's a challenging market at the moment. So you marry, you know, less strength in manufacturing, but also just a machine vision market overall. But I think as the end market recovers, and we expand our market presence and our focus, as you said, on diversification of it, we feel good about this market medium and long term for us.
Operator: Our next question comes from Keith Housum with Northcoast Research. Please go ahead.
Keith Housum: Good morning, guys. Two questions for you. I guess, Nathan, first off with the price increases, obviously, what passing through here effective April 28th, you know, is pretty significant, especially in the mobile computing space. Compared to historical times, do you expect your ability to realize those pricing increases is better than it has been in the past? And then is there a potential, I guess, tailwind for you here and, you know, next year in 2026 assuming the price changes, you know, are staying in effect and no sooner than the changes needed after that. And then second, from a geographical basis, you know, it is surprisingly North America was actually your worst performer at 7% growth. Perhaps can you talk a little bit about how's your strength especially in EMEA? I mean, 18% growth is pretty impressive, you know, in the current environment. Thanks.
Nathan Winters: Hey, Keith. On the first one from a price realization, you know, as Bill mentioned earlier, there's a lot of factors that go into play, including the competitive consideration, the cost tariffs, etcetera. I think we never assume a hundred percent realization due to existing contracts, projects, or just competitive positioning. So think, you know, we've seen historically whether that goes back to, you know, the price increasing we did, you know, in 19 with the original tariffs or what we did during the supply chain. You know, I think we've been pretty consistent in terms of being able to get, you know, good realization across our run rate business. I mean, selectively, positioning it with some of our larger customers. So I think we've taken that all into account in the assumption. And if we can do better and get a little bit better realization, that's a good upside to what we embedded in the guidance and then the full-year annualized impact. And I think that the tailwind for next year quite frankly will play out as Bill mentioned, you know, depending on what changes or where the tariff landscape finally lands, we'll adjust the pricing accordingly. So I'd say if you know, it may roll some of that back or it may have to increase just depending on where it goes. So I think it's tough to say it'd be a tailwind. As much as we'll continue to do what we need to offset as much of the mitigate tariff impact as possible. Whether that's through pricing or some of the other operational actions.
Bill Burns: Maybe I'll jump in on the markets. I would say EMEA, you know, still have to be a little careful of the percentages favorable prior year compare certainly in EMEA drove some of that growth. So I think that while all vertical, oh, sorry, all regions had strong growth in the quarter, it was oversized in EMEA really because of prior year compare. I would say, you know, growth there, the highest growth in EMEA was really Northern Europe, but, you know, large projects continue, especially in retail there. And we saw double-digit growth across, you know, most of the end markets again, manufacturing high single digits, same thing we saw globally. North America I think we felt good about North America. Strong retail deal activity, you know, strength a year ago. So I think that, you know, year-on-year compare not as easy there. Double-digit growth across all end markets, again, except for manufacturing. I think we feel good about scanning and printing and RFID had a strong quarter in North America. So think we feel good about the growth across all regions and the percentage difference in EMEA being strong really was about prior year compare.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ken Newman with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Ken Newman: Hey, good morning guys. Thanks for squeezing me in.
Bill Burns: Good morning.
Ken Newman: So I did want to ask about the net impact impacts on tariffs this quarter. It looks like it did come in a little bit lower than you were expecting if I remember correctly. I think you were looking for a $7 million headwind, and it came in around $3 million. Can you start a little bit about the moving pieces of what drove that better performance? Was that just better price realization in the quarter? Was it some timing of action? And then just how to think about, you know, the conservatism maybe baked into the guide relative to that $25, $30 million you expect in Q2?
Nathan Winters: Again, I think it's a couple of things at play. You know, one was, you know, the team did a phenomenal job of buying as much product as possible before the effective dates, you know, so really trying to front-end load our demands to get product in. So that definitely played a part. In terms of the actions the team has taken to front-load purchasing ahead of the increase. I think that played a portion of it. As well as just what we ultimately capitalized a bit of that on our balance sheet just from a, you know, just from a timing and inventory valuation perspective. So like, I'd say I wouldn't call it any conservatism or intentional conservatism built into what we've had for Q2. Or the full year. There's just a it's pretty complex in terms of you look at the timing of shipments, the timing of the effective dates, and when things land on port that creates the variability. So I think it's our best estimate based on all those specs. What the team's trying to do every day is mitigate as much as possible with the operational actions we have at our disposal. Very little price impact Q1. I mean, negligible in Q1 and we'll have a little bit in Q2, but really ramp up into Q3. So really the variability in Q2 is again, just what can we realize with pulling in inventory early adjusting some of those shipment schedules to mitigate as much as possible here in the short term.
Ken Newman: That's helpful, Nathan. And then just for my follow-up, maybe just the quick modeling question. There a way to think about how to quantify that $70 million full-year impact between the two segments? I'm guessing one segment might be a little bit heavier than the others in terms of the margin impact.
Nathan Winters: Yeah. It's a, you know, I think from a modeling assumption here out of the gate, it's pretty balanced. Maybe a little bit heavier weighted towards AI. The tariff rates are fully in effect for print. Where mobile computing has some of the exemptions. So a little bit more weighted towards AIT here for the year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Joe Giordano with TD Cohen. Please go ahead.
Joe Giordano: So first question just on the semiconductor and electronics exclusions. I guess it's all fluid for sure. But at least the administration frame this as a temporary exclusion as they figure out, like, specific tariffs on that. So, like, it seems like that's a number that at least given current commentary goes up, at some point in the future. So, like, what are you kinda teeing up to offset that if that's the outcome?
Nathan Winters: Yeah. You're absolutely right. So we, you know, the scope of the semiconductor tariff and I would say that, first, it's pretty unclear of how that will be administered, you know, how that will, you know, play out from the administration. So really tough to model what the potential impact would be. But we do have semiconductor content. No different, you know, from, you know, all the other electronic companies. So there is a potential exposure. But we work with the largest semiconductor companies in the world and continue to assess their country of origin options across their supply chain to see where we have options to mitigate how we quantify, make sure we can quantify the content within our products making it under content. So that whenever ruling is applied, we can react as quickly as possible, not only on mitigating the impact out of the gate, but also then what options do we have to mitigate over time based on those rulings. So again, yeah, it's absolutely one that's out there, but, you know, the team's all over it in terms of planning as best we can. And executing whatever we can ahead of any final decision.
Joe Giordano: And then just a follow-up on the kinda like the pre-buy stuff. And we're getting this commentary from a lot of companies, and I'm not sure how to think about it because a lot of companies we go on their earnings calls, they say that they're buying inventory of their own stuff ahead of tariffs. But that none of their customers are doing that. Now, like, I and the behavior hasn't changed. So, like, it just doesn't make a ton of sense to me that all the companies are buying their own stuff to have an inventory, but none of the customers are doing the same behavior. Is there a risk that just, you know, what we think is a lack of a behavior change is just, like, weaker than expected demand is being, like, off is being, like, replenished by some pre-buy, but it doesn't really look like pre-buy. I'm struggling with this dynamic across multiple companies right now.
Bill Burns: Yeah, Joe. I would say that, you know, you're talking about very short amounts of time. Right? The, you know, in the past when tariffs are implemented, you had ninety or a hundred and twenty days to change inventory in the places that, you know, if you took actions, you had to get stuff, you know, on ocean very quickly. So the tariffs have been inflated very quickly. So despite us, you know, doing that, it's minimal overall in the scheme of things. So I think you're reading more into it just because the timing has been such that, you know, ultimately, there hasn't been time to truly react. Things that were on the ocean already, ultimately are being exempt, but that's, you know, very little bit. You know, you heard, you know, other companies fly, you know, Jetson and others from, you know, into the country with shipments of devices and others. But it's ultimately minimum.
Nathan Winters: And the other one we look at is the underlying demand we've seen is pretty much in line, obviously, with what we expected. We know we knew our Q1 guide was a bit cautious given the uncertainty, but the quarter kinda played out where we didn't see the surge of demand that was, you know, unexpected or out of the blue or orders, you know, large orders coming in. So, you know, could there be some of that in the run rate? But again, the year is playing out year to date kind of as we had planned, which again just supports that we're not seeing some volatile shift in demand here just to get ahead of the tariff rates.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rob Mason with Baird. Please go ahead.
Rob Mason: Yes, good morning. Jacqueline, several calls, so I may have missed you addressing this, but when you quantify the $80 million to $90 million residual impact after your pricing actions, just assuming, you know, final decision around tariffs is the current status quo. What levers, you know, do you have to pull, would you plan to pull, to address that? Does that, you know, would you take incremental pricing or just, you know, speak to that residual amount if that's maybe what the go-forward looks like?
Nathan Winters: Yeah. I think, Rob, I think that's kind of we put that number out just so we can have a baseline of what the, I guess, you know, the run rate would be again, under the current tariffs scenario. But ultimately, our objective is to mitigate. Right? So I wouldn't say that's the perpetual number or the we don't have other options to mitigate. It's really waiting for policy certainty so we know which actions are the best actions to execute. So that's, you know, again, we have a plethora of options with our manufacturing partners, around, you know, where they have capabilities around the world, to ship production and the teams are working those. We'll obviously look at additional pricing as well as the other cost levers we have across the portfolio to fully mitigate. So I think, again, once we have that certainty around where the rates shake out, then we can start to execute those plans and see what the timing is in terms of fully mitigating the exposure. So think that timing of when and how it plays out is the uncertainty. That annualized number we provide, which I think just to give context for what kind of run rate would be, but knowing that the ultimate goal is to fully mitigate but we just wanna make sure we make the right decisions and have clarity around that before pulling the trigger.
Rob Mason: Makes sense. Just as a quick follow-up. You know, you talked about good demand in the quarter. But your service and software revenue was kinda flattish. Is that was that anything going on there? Whether that's a comp issue or how that compared versus your product, tangible products?
Nathan Winters: Yeah. So your our service and software has had slight organic growth. Really some part, you know, impacted by the lower mobile computing volume in 23s. We're starting to see that play out in our service business as you would expect. But the other thing in the quarter there was just a lower number of days versus prior year, so it's more of an order on, you know, year-on-year dynamic. So we'd expect that, you know, the growth rate to improve as we get into Q2 and the balance of the year. So some of it just, I think, timing and the nuance of the quarter, but I think a bit lower than what we've seen in the last couple of years is just you see now the overall install base, you know, the impact on the install base from the sales decline back in 23 mobile.
Operator: Our next question comes from James Ricchiuti with Needham and Co. Please go ahead.
Chris Grenga: Hi, good morning. This is Chris Grenga on for Jim. The deployment of Zebra companion with AI features at the anchor customer that showcased the NRF progressing in line with your expectations. And are you seeing traction with additional retailers for this offering?
Bill Burns: Yeah. I mean, I would say that, you know, we closely with announced it in our app and showed demos of it. We're continuing to work our lighthouse customers to, you know, deploy along with them in early proof of concepts and the development continues to be on track. What we have released is our Gen AI digital assistant from the I or sorry, from that perspective was more a launch and then our proof of concepts. The AI suite for mobile computing, we did launch and is available to, you know, our own software developers and that of our partners. So that allows, you know, AI applications to be built on top of the device in the device software to be able to manage on the device. So that is released. And then, again, the companion with the assistant is in proof of concepts now working with, you know, customers to get to full deployment. So on track.
Chris Grenga: Great. And in your view, are the shifts that are impacting your customers' global production footprint and the disruption that's being caused by the near-term uncertainty, could those translate into tailwinds for Zebra as customers adopt more of Zebra's technologies to enhance their tariff compliance, reduce friction, certify country of origin, things of that nature?
Bill Burns: Yes. So the production moves by our customers create so certainly an opportunity for us. We've seen this in Southeast Asia through the China tariffs were first implemented a number of years ago and the benefit it I do see that again, this idea of visibility throughout the supply chain and digitizing and automating the supply chain overall creates an opportunity for us in as you said track and trace and other mandates around that. So yes, it's an opportunity when production moves take place, no matter where they are in the world, we benefit and then ultimately the long-term trend of digitizing and automating environment, supply chain visibility, across those environments. And that also plays into AI, the idea that ultimately what we fundamentally do is give assets and inventory a digital voice and circling back to your first question you know collecting ultimately real-time data that feeds AI models and then ultimately allows you to kinda sense, analyze, and then take action within your environment. So collecting data that feeds AI models that ultimately drives action, which then would take place with things like mobile devices, you know, driving task management with employees and frontline workers, creates an opportunity for us.
Operator: The last question comes from Brad Hewitt with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Brad Hewitt: Hey, thanks for fitting me back in.
Nathan Winters: No problem.
Brad Hewitt: Just in terms of capital allocation, so you stepped up the buyback in Q1. One hundred and twenty-five million. You mentioned another seventy-five million in April. Should we expect that you may look to maintain or maybe even accelerate the pace of buybacks throughout the rest of the year if the valuation remains where it is today?
Nathan Winters: Yes. As you know, we've been tracking, you know, higher than normal year to date at the two hundred million to take advantage of the volatility. I'd say right now, we expect we definitely expect to remain active with some level of activity for the remainder of the year, and we'll see how to your point, the market plays out here over the next couple of months to say whether we adjust the rate of return, but we wanted to, again, take advantage of the volatility here early in the year. And as we said, wanted to commit to some level of buyback this and so we're, you know, on pace to that. But I think a little bit higher than we would expect out of the gate with the volatile some to continue to remain active in the market for the balance of the year.
Operator: This concludes our question and answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Burns for any closing remarks.
Bill Burns: I'd like to thank our employees and partners as they work to solve our customers' biggest challenges. You know, we have strong conviction in the opportunities ahead for our business. Thank you, and have a great day, everyone.
Operator: Goodbye. This is now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q4  (2025-02-13 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day. And welcome to the Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2024 Zebra Technologies Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions]. After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mike Steele, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Mike Steele: Good morning. And welcome to Zebra's fourth quarter earnings conference call. This presentation is being simulcast on our website at investors.zebra.com and will be archived there for at least one year. Our forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and assumptions and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially, and we refer you to the factors discussed on our SEC filings. During this call, we will reference non-GAAP financial measures as we describe our business performance. You can find reconciliations at the end of the slide presentation and in today's earnings press release. Throughout this presentation, unless otherwise indicated, our references to sales performance are year-on-year and on a constant currency basis. This presentation will include prepared remarks from Bill Burns, our Chief Executive Officer; and Nathan Winters, our Chief Financial Officer. Bill will begin with a discussion of our fourth quarter results. Nathan will then provide additional detail on the financials and discuss our 2025 outlook. Bill will conclude with progress on advancing our strategic priorities. Following the prepared remarks, Bill and Nathan will take your questions. Now, let's turn to Slide 4, as I hand it over to Bill.
Bill Burns: Thank you, Mike. Good morning and thank you for joining us. Out team executed well in the fourth quarter, delivering results above our outlook. For the fourth quarter, the realized sales greater than $1.3 billion, a 32% increase compared to the prior year. Adjusted EBITDA margin of 22.1%, a nearly 7% increase. Non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $4, which is more than double the prior year and strong free cash flow. As we discussed on our last earnings call, in the third quarter, we saw demand recovery broaden with data capture and print returning to growth, following mobile computing returning to growth in Q2. Demand trends continue to improve in most end markets throughout the fourth quarter with the manufacturing sector lagging. North America retail was a bright spot with stronger customer yearend spending than we had anticipated. These factors along with significant distributor destocking in the second half of last year resulted in strong double digit sales growth in Q4. From a profitability perspective, the operating leverage from our strong sales growth drove significant margin expansion supporting our earnings and cash flow. As we enter 2025, our order backlog supports a solid Q1. However, we remain cautious in our outlook as our customers navigate an uncertain environment, including a dynamic global trade, geopolitical, and macroeconomic backdrop. I will now turn the call over to Nathan to review our Q4 financial results and discuss our 2025 outlook.
Nathan Winters: Thank you, Bill. Let's start with the P&L on slide 6. In Q4, total company sales grew approximately 32%, reflecting continued recovery in demand across our major product categories. Mobile computing strength in retail drove growth above our outlook. Our Enterprise Visibility & Mobility segment sales increased 33%, and Asset Intelligence & Tracking segment grew 29%. Our services and software recurring revenue businesses had solid growth in the quarter. We realized double-digit sales growth across our regions. In North America, sales grew 36% with a significant improvement in large retail mobile computing works. EMEA sales grew 24% with strength in northern Europe. Asia-Pacific sales increased 30%, led by Australia, New Zealand, and India, along with modest improvement in China. And sales grew 40% in Latin America, with particular strength in Brazil. Adjusted gross margin increased 410 basis points to 48.7%, primarily due to volume leverage. And adjusted operating expenses as a percent of sales improved by 290 basis points. This resulted in fourth quarter adjusted EBITDA margin of 22.1%, a 670 basis point increase versus the prior year, and a 70 basis point sequential improvement from Q3. Non-GAAP diluted earnings per share was $4. It went 134% year-over-year increase, and at the high end of our outlook. Turning now to the balance sheet and cash flow on slide 7. For the full year, we generated $954 million of free cash flow as EBITDA increased, and we drove significant improvements in working capital and inventory levels. We achieved 136% free cash flow conversion and ended the year at a 1.2x net debt to adjusted EBITDA leverage ratio. As our cash flows recovered and debt levels have moderated, we have increased flexibility to deploy capital consistent with our allocation priorities. We repurchased $47 million of shares for the full year with most of the activity in Q4. As part of our continued efforts to scale our expansion in adjacent markets, we recently agreed to purchase Photoneo, a leading 3D machine vision company based in Eastern Europe, for approximately EUR 60 million, which is expected to close in the first quarter. Let's now turn to our outlook. We entered 2025 with a solid backlog supported by strong retail yearend project spending that carried into our first quarter. Our first quarter sales growth guidance range of 8% to 11% reflects favorable comparisons and assumes a one-point unfavorable impact from FX due to a significantly stronger dollar over the past several months. Our first quarter adjusted EBITDA margin is expected to be approximately 21%, and non-GAAP diluted earnings per share are expected to be in the range of $3.50 to $3.70. This sales and profitability expectation is a sequential decline from Q4, reflective of normal seasonality. For the year, we expect sales growth between 3% and 7%, inclusive of 130 basis points unfavorable impact from FX. Demand trends have been positive across most of our end markets with manufacturing lagging. That said, we remain cautious in our outlook as our customers navigate an uncertain environment, and as a result, our visibility to customer spending beyond Q1 is lower than usual. Our full year adjusted EBITDA margin is expected to be between 21% and 22%, and non-GAAP diluted earnings per share are expected to be in the range of $14.75 to $15.25. We will continue to remain agile to ensure we deliver solid, profitable growth. Free cash flow for the year is expected to be at least $750 million, which reflects free cash flow conversion of greater than 90%. We will continue to work on further optimizing our working capital levels, balanced with our supply chain resiliency initiatives. We've made substantial progress diversifying our supply chain sourcing beyond China over the past several years. We continue to work closely with our manufacturing and trade partners to optimize our footprint, which puts us in an improved position to navigate the impacts of recently announced import tariffs. Based on the incremental 10% China tariffs that became effective in early February, and the 25% Mexico tariffs that become effective in early March, we anticipate a net impact to gross profit of approximately $20 million in 2025, peaking in Q2. The impact is roughly split between China and Mexico. We expect to substantially mitigate these tariffs as we exit 2025 through supply chain initiatives and targeted price increases. Left unmitigated, the annualized impact would have been more than $60 million. Please reference additional modeling assumptions shown on slide 8. With that, I will turn the call back to Bill.
Bill Burns: Thank you, Nathan. Turning to slide 10. As we look at the long-term opportunities for our business, Zebra remains well-positioned to benefit from secular trends to digitize and automate workflows with our portfolio of innovative solutions, including purpose-built hardware, software, and services. We empower frontline workers to execute tasks more effectively by helping them navigate constant change in real time. Innovation remains central to our industry leadership and we have consistently reinvested approximately 10% of our sales into research and development to advance our portfolio of solutions. Recent progress includes AI-based machine vision offerings, expansion into self-service kiosks, embedded RFID capabilities within our mobile computing portfolio, and eco-friendly printing supply. We augment our organic efforts with strategic acquisitions that advance our vision. This includes our pending acquisition of Photoneo, which will expand our 3D machine vision solutions into automotive manufacturing, logistics, and other key markets. We look forward to welcoming the team once the acquisition closes. As you will see on slide 11, our customers leverage our solutions to optimize workloads across a broad range of end markets, which drives productivity and better service to their customers, shoppers, and patients. The performance bar continues to rise in an increasingly on-demand economy. Zebra works closely with our customers on their technology journey to address their biggest challenges. I would like to highlight some of the wins that transform customer workloads. A large North American retailer is being deployed Zebra RFID fixed readers to optimize shelf availability for fresh food and apparel. This initial investment lays the groundwork for expansion into additional RFID solutions such as loss prevention. A leading auto manufacturer recently launched a mobile computing refresh and expansion project spanning multiple U.S. sites to provide real-time visibility and streamline final quality inspections. An online retailer in South America replaced the competitor's devices and expanded their relationship with us, selecting Zebra mobile computers, scanners, kiosk, printers, and RFID readers to optimize their inbound and outbound warehouse operations. Our reliable device performance and ability to improve operational efficiency are particularly important to this customer. Additionally, a leading retail pharmacy is deploying Zebra tablets, enabling their staff to provide improved patient care and scheduling, whether in-store or off-site. This customer replaced the competitor's solution with our Zebra tablets due to the breadth of Zebra's capabilities along with our comprehensive support and maintenance services. These projects demonstrate how customers rely on us to navigate their technology journey through our workflow expertise, commitment to innovation, and product lifecycle support. Slide 12 highlights Zebra value proposition that we showcased at the National Retail Federation trade show in January. We highlighted Zebra's AI-powered modern store, demonstrating how our innovative solutions help retailers drive improved performance through optimized inventory, engaged associates, and an elevated customer experience. Zebra and our partners help to deliver these outcomes through improved omni-channel execution, loss prevention, worker collaboration, and more. We have partnered with Qualcomm, Google, and strategic independent software vendors to help our retail customers begin to leverage the power of AI across their frontline operations. At the show, a prominent retail customer demonstrated our Zebra companion with AI agents that assist store associates with edge intelligence such as operating procedures, sales product information, merchandising guidance, and device operation. These agents act as digital assistants tailored to our customers' unique operating environment while leveraging generative AI to respond to queries and perform tasks without the need for extensive training. Additionally, as our customers and partners accelerate their use of AI within business-critical mobile applications, Zebra's AI suite enables quick and cost-effective development of new solutions that take advantage of the continual advancement of our mobile computing platform. While we don't expect our new AI solutions to have a material impact on near-term results, we believe they play an integral part of driving our connected frontline worker strategy. In closing, we retain strong conviction in the opportunities ahead as we address our customers' evolving needs with our innovative portfolio of solutions. Our confidence in sustainable long-term growth is underpinned by several themes reflected on slide 13. These include labor and resource constraints, track and trace mandates, increased consumer expectations, and a need for real-time supply chain visibility. I will now hand it back to Mike.
Mike Steele : Thanks, Bill. We'll now open the call to Q&A. We ask that you limit yourself to one question and one follow-up to give everyone the chance to participate.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Damian Karas with UBS.
Srikar Venjamuri: Hi, good morning. This is Srikar Venjamuri on for Damien. Hey, morning. I had a couple of quick questions on what you're seeing in terms of larger project activity in 4Q, if you saw any larger projects return and how that's factoring into the 1Q guidance.
Bill Burns: Yes, I would say that in Q4, the team delivered well at the high end of our outlook, really driven by stronger-than-expected yearend spending from our retail customers. So, yes, we did see some larger projects take place in Q4. That was the broader backdrop, I would say, was a double-digit growth across really all major categories, kind of all regions, all end markets, and order sizes of all types, meaning run rate mid-tier and large deals in the quarter. And that was certainly helped by easier compares from last year, which included distributor de-stocking. We see that that flow through of not just the retail activity, but a broader-based growth drove stronger sales growth in Q4, and then earnings above the high end of our outlook.
Srikar Venjamuri: Yes, that makes sense. And as a follow-up, I just want to quickly touch on tariffs and just get a sense for what you're planning there, if you've already executed some pricing actions, what the timing around those pricing actions would be, and more broadly, what would be a trigger decision to move manufacturing to other regions?
Bill Burns: Yes, so I think the question started about just our broader tariff response. Obviously, it's a dynamic environment. We have a dedicated team to establish and monitor the changes, what are the potential impact, design mitigation strategies. And if you look at our, and obviously, now we just want to provide transparency around what has been announced to date. We do expect to announce price increases shortly to respond to the announced tariffs, which is part of the mitigation strategy that's embedded in the current guide.
Operator: The next question comes from Tommy Moll with Stephens.
Tommy Moll: Good morning, and thank you for taking my questions. You mentioned that the visibility beyond the first quarter is lower than usual for this time of year. My question is, as you rolled up your full year sales outlook, what kinds of assumptions were you making on large deals there? I know in the past you look at the funnel and the pipeline and make some assumptions about conversion. What kind of assumptions are we making this year? Thank you.
Bill Burns: Yes, I'd say, Tommy, maybe a broader view of that, and then I'll cover kind of large deals. I'd say that as we entered 2025, certainly with solid backlog, driven by the stronger retail spending, so larger orders, as you talked about, that carried into first quarter from fourth quarter. And we're expecting solid broad-based organic growth in 2025. But while we haven't seen customers really pull back spending to date, we clearly are seeing some impacts from the market uncertainty playing out with our customers. And in a couple of examples, budget's still being finalized, right. And that impacts our visibility, kind of, and tempers our expectations beyond Q1. We're seeing, specific to large orders, some customers stage deployments over longer periods of time. So that's something we are actually seeing some customers do. Clearly, we're seeing strong U.S. dollar is a headwind to us, right the FX impact. And that's causing a little bit of concern from some international customers and their plans with the strong U.S. dollar. Not as much large deal oriented, but still some impact. And I think that our customers are really focused on, hey, what's the potential impact on their business of the overall global trade policy and thinking about how do they mitigate it. And it just adds to the uncertainty of their projects and visibility small and large moving forward and our visibility around it. So while we feel good about our business and that we're confident in our business, our guide really reflects solid organic growth despite all these uncertainties. But visibility is pretty tough, both especially on large orders and deployments.
Tommy Moll: Thank you, Bill. So as you look at the inventory levels with some of your key channel partners, what context can you provide there? And if it feels like the bias is up or down or that you think the sell through and the sell in are roughly balanced at this point, any insight would be helpful. Thank you.
Nathan Winters : Yes, Tommy, this is Nathan. I'd say it's very balanced. It stayed fairly balanced throughout the year. So we're looking at days on hand in the channel. We're in a good place as we exited the year with our distribution partners around the globe. And obviously that's a daily activity with our teams, making sure they have the right inventory at the SKU level. But, again, I think we feel good about the overall inventory position here at the beginning of the year. And, again, it was pretty balanced throughout the year in terms of what we saw from a sales in, sales out perspective if you exclude the dynamics from 2023.
Operator: The next question comes from Joe Giordano with TD Cowen.
Joe Giordano: Hey, good morning, guys. Hey, yes, so on the full year, like, I guess we've touched on this a bit, but to me, like, given the 1Q, it feels a little conservative. But I understand why you're framing it the way you are given the uncertainty. I'm just curious, like, if you were to compare the full year framework and, like, what you're baking in compared to, like, where we were a year ago, how would you categorize that? It seemed like last year you were only putting in what's, like, highly visible to you. And if there was, like, project flows, it was all kind of upside. Is it a similar idea right now?
Bill Burns: I would say that the year is playing out a little bit like last year for very different reasons, right. I think last year we came off a year that was much different in 2023 with really our customers absorbing the capacity that they built out in the pandemic. And then we saw broader-based recovery throughout 2024. I would say the lack of visibility today and the commitment to the budgets and projects is really driven by visibility. It's the idea that they're still kind of absorbing what is the global trade policy and what's happened geopolitically going to impact their business. And ultimately then it reflects back on our guide. So while we clearly see solid organic growth in the year and could it play out a bit differently where we see more confidence throughout the year. The visibility today is kind of where it's at and that's reflected in our guide. So I think that we feel like all the uncertainty out there at the moment is causing us ultimately to be conservative and impacts the guide we're providing today. That's the visibility we have today.
Joe Giordano: Yes, fair enough. Just sort of follow up. The free cash flow in the quarter was excellent. I see the guide is at least $750 million. I mean, I guess there's infinite above that. Definitionally, what are the puts and takes on 25 versus 24 that we should consider and why wouldn't it kind of build from the strength that you had here?
Bill Burns: Yes, no, so as you mentioned great year last year from a free cash flow perspective coming off of 23. And at 136% cash conversion, just repeating that, committing to repeat that on an annual basis is a challenge. So if you look at the full year guide of $750 million, I mean, the real difference between the two is we do expect continued working capital improvements, but just not to the degree we saw in 2024. It also does imply that as we look at our inventory position, you saw a little bit of this in Q4 as inventory ticked up a bit to support Q, January demand, but also our teams are doing everything they can to pull volume in from a purchasing perspective and get that inventory into the U.S. as early as possible ahead of potential tariff impacts. So I think giving us some flexibility to help manage that as we go through the year and try to mitigate tariffs, use our balance sheet as much as we can to help mitigate the short-term impact from tariffs. So I'd say the big difference, again, working capital improvements, but this still implies over 90% free cash flow conversion for 2025, and we think that's just a good baseline to work from.
Operator: The next question comes from Andrew Buscaglia with BNP Paribas.
Unidentified Analyst : Hey, guys. Good morning. This is Ed on for Andrew. Thanks for taking my question. Following the developments with DeepSeek a few weeks ago, I wanted to ask about AI. You guys have long discussed the power of AI in the platform. Following the recent events, do you find that more efficient AI presents an opportunity from a product development standpoint or a net risk due to the probability or possibility of enhanced competition? Thanks.
Bill Burns: Yes, we would see clearly AI as an opportunity for Zebra really empowering the frontline workers. So I think if we look at what Zebra's role is today in AI, first and foremost, we collect data at the frontline of business, which really gives assets and visibility in real time and gives assets and workers a digital voice, right, that really feed AI models first and foremost. So it's kind of the heart of what we do around data collection at the frontline of business. The second opportunity for AI is that traditional AI is used today across many of our solutions across the portfolio. So whether it's machine vision inspection or optical character recognition, product recognition, package dimensioning, we use traditional AI throughout the portfolio. And at the National Retail Show in January, what we demonstrated was really generative AI capabilities. So an AI suite for a mobile computing portfolio that really allows ourselves and other software developers, independent software developers to build AI applications on our devices. We've also launched Zebra Companions. So think of it as being a generative AI digital assistant that has multiple agents to it. One around knowledge within the specific customer base from their own standard operating procedures, let's say. Sales information and merchandising information, device management. So, and there'll be multiple agents as we continue to develop these agents or our partners, software partners do. So think of these agents as a way to the frontline worker to really be empowered with additional information and capabilities, leveraging gen AI as the way to gather information from standard operating procedures, from the way customers operate, from making your newest employee as good as your best employee. And we see this as really an opportunity for us to drive premium hardware sales, gain market share because we see ourselves as the innovator in this area on enterprise mobile devices. Additional software as a service revenue and recurring revenues associated with the AI capabilities from our work cloud software and our software offerings. So we see this as an opportunity for Zebra and leveraging AI in true real-world applications at the frontline that help our customers improve their efficiency each and every day of their frontline workers.
Unidentified Analyst : Thanks for that. It was great to see that all in action at NRF. Pivoting over to M&A, you guys are entering 2025 with 1.2x leverage, fair amount of capacity to tap into. I guess if you can expand on the recent acquisition, maybe offer any other plans into capital allocation that we could think about in 2025, that'd be helpful. Thanks.
Bill Burns: Yes, we're excited about the Photoneo acquisition and getting that closed ultimately. We feel good about that from a 3D vision perspective. So certainly, the 3D market is the fastest growing segment within machine vision. And we, again, have leveraged M&A to really continue to enter adjacent or synergistic opportunities beyond our organic investments in the business. And this is just another example of that. We were partnered with Photoneo already with an OEM partnership. So we know the business well and the leadership team. So we feel good about that. We've certainly, as you said, have a strong balance sheet and that enables us to have flexibility. I think we'll use M&A to advance our vision and strategy. That's what we've done in closely adjacent markets. And I'd say today, the near term, given the macro uncertainty and the visibility, we're kind of experienced in the market. There's a bit of a higher bar and certainly with higher interest rates, but we continue to be inquisitive about M&A and continue to use it as a tool to advance our vision.
Operator: The next question comes from Piyush Avasthy with Citi.
Piyush Avasthy: Hey, good morning, guys. Thanks for taking my questions. From a regional perspective, can you elaborate on the trends you are seeing in Europe and China based on your conversations with your customers? Like what's your outlook, overall outlook for these regions as we think of your 1Q guidance and 25 in general? Like we have heard some mixed signals from other companies, so we'd appreciate what you're seeing at your end.
Bill Burns: The two geographies, Europe and China, is that what you said?
Piyush Avasthy: Yes.
Bill Burns: Yes, I'd say that, okay, great. I maybe started North America, strong growth across all the product categories and end markets in North America, return to yearend spend within retail, strong growth in healthcare, manufacturing lagging, I guess, in North America. EMEA, I'd say the highest growth rates really came from Northern Europe. Overall, we saw momentum in larger projects continue to build throughout 2024. We're continuing to see competitive wins and strength in retail in our mobile computing business in Europe. And manufacturing still remains challenging, particularly in Germany and Europe. I'd say China represents about 3% of our business overall, and we've seen modest sales growth in China as the business has stabilized. But I think in Asia, the real strength has come from more like Australia, New Zealand, India, some markets outside of China, but clearly the opportunity exists, continue to see modest growth in China. I think that's the story around manufacturing as well in China, right. We're seeing clearly a move to outside of China from a manufacturing perspective. And the opportunity for us is not just in China, but also to capture the manufacturing opportunities outside of China as people move supply chains to other geographies.
Piyush Avasthy: Yes, helpful. Quickly following up on what you just said, like manufacturing lagging versus your other verticals, like the current US administration appears to be more pro-US. So based on your conversations with your customers, I know it's still early, but have you at least begun to see a step up in conversations where your customers are talking about reshaping their supply chain and maybe adopting more automation, robotics and machine vision?
Bill Burns: Yes, I mean, we're seeing clearly that around the world, manufacturing represents an opportunity for us. We see it as a short-term lagging the other markets, right. But we see longer term it's an opportunity as we're less penetrated in manufacturing than our other vertical markets. And we see the investment in automation around machine vision, the move from fixed screens to tablets with production, workers are monitoring production. RFID opportunities throughout the entire supply chain, all are opportunities for us.
Operator: The next question comes from Brian Drab with William Blair.
Brian Drab: Good morning, just a couple of quick questions. So on the difference between AIT and EVM in the 2025 outlook. In 2024, AIT was essentially if I'm rounding a little bit, but flat. First quarter, second quarter, third quarter, kind of around $400 million, and then you have the seasonal strength in the fourth quarter. EVM, of course, kind of improving sequentially building. Is that similar dynamic to what you expect in 2025?
Bill Burns: Yes, I'd say I would expect similar growth rates if we look out for the balance of the year. Obviously, there's timing-wise in terms of growth rates could look a little distorted just based on obviously Q1 last year, we were down 16%. So, from an easier comp, obviously, that's playing into the higher growth rate in the first quarter across the portfolio. But I think on the balance of the year, again, as we talk about the visibility, we'd expect fairly consistent growth across the two segments. And we see that really across even back to the previous question, we're not seeing a huge bifurcation, whether it's geography or vertical market, or if we'll get run rate large deals, we're seeing kind of, again, consistent growth across each one of those dimensions here as we enter the year. Now, again, on a quarterly basis, you might see some variation just based on comps or timing of some deals, but I think on the year, you'll see fairly balanced growth.
Brian Drab: Okay, thanks, Bill. And then just one other question, could you elaborate on how you're thinking about moving production potentially? I think last time with the China tariffs and trade war; the playbook was a little bit more simple where you move production out of China. But are you at this point considering even potentially moving some production back to the United States, I guess, which is one of the intentions of the administration?
Bill Burns: Yes, I'd say, look, we continuously assess the manufacturing footprint and take in multiple factors from geopolitical stability to capability within the regions, which I think is a really important dynamic, as well as cost, overall cost from a full production capability. And we have made significant progress to diversify our supply base, which gives us a lot more flexibility today to respond than we did several years ago. I mean, if you look back historically, 85% of our imports into North America were from China. And with the actions we have in place right now, and that are executing, we'll end the year with about a third of our exposure from China. So again, a lot of great work over the past several years to diversify. And then if you look today outside of China, it's primarily through Southeast Asia, and kind of high single digit exposure to Mexico. So like, I think we'll continue to evolve based on where things land from a trade perspective to have a diverse supply chain that gives us the most competitive position we can. So again, a lot of great activity, I think to put us in a place, I think one advantage we have is our partnership with global manufacturing partners that have footprints around the world really gives us that flexibility to leverage their footprint and where they're expanding as they react with their other customers, gives us a lot of scale and capability that we wouldn't have on our own. And we're taking full advantage of that.
Operator: The next question comes from Meta Marshall with Morgan Stanley.
Meta Marshall: Great, thanks. Just given that we're kind of hitting four or five years since COVID and kind of some of the demand surges that you saw, I know in the past you've talked about kind of consider a large deal activity more indicative of refresh activity. But just is that still the same way to think about it and just kind of what you're seeing on that refresh pipeline, maybe build. And then I don't think that I caught anything in terms of kind of RFID performance during the quarter and just kind of where that was versus kind of overall growth trends. Thanks.
Bill Burns: Yes, great. I'll take both of those. I would say that from a refresh perspective, we continually have refresh activity. And I think that you look at, for instance, the fourth quarter retail spend was refresh plus additional opportunities in those retailers. Because remember refresh comes with multiple years of continuing to add additional devices, add applications. And then when a refresh time comes, they typically even more broad applications. I would say given the install base of mobile computers and the expansion of that since pre-COVID, they certainly believe that creates an opportunity for us. We're not seeing any acceleration of refreshes like into 2025 or anything like that. But we think the timeframes, every customer is on a different timeframe, meaning how long they use their devices, depending on how hard they are on the devices, how many applications they use, do they need more processing power, or are they just damaging the devices because it's a hard environment. I'd say there's clearly an opportunity over the coming years here to refresh the devices we sold as you came out of COVID into 21 and 22. And that opportunity is still ahead of us and absolutely there. I'd say from an RFID perspective, we're pretty happy with RFID. We had a strong Q4 sales growth in RFID. We've got a pipeline of opportunities across supply chain, not just in retail, but T&L, manufacturing, even government. We've seen some opportunities most recently. Our adoptions beyond retail really have retail general merchandise, right, which has always been the primary use case into things like fresh food, right. We saw the first North America grocer really move ahead with a rollout associated with bakery and fresh foods. We've seen another large retailer in North America look at apparel as well as fresh foods. So, we've seen the U.S. military move ahead with one of their branches with visibility across the supply chain. So, we're continuing to see broader adoption of RFID. We've got probably the broadest portfolio of RFID of anybody from fixed handle readers to printers to services to specialty labels. So, I think we feel good about the opportunity and the broadening of that across supply chain into grocery, into government applications, and we feel pretty good.
Operator: The next question comes from Keith Housum with Northcoast Research.
Keith Housum: Good morning, guys. We appreciate it. In terms of, and I hate to keep on being the drum here with the full year guide, but just trying to understand that a little bit better about perhaps how that changed just over the past several weeks in terms of has the lack of visibility increased because it seems like visibility was increasing over the past several quarters? And in a second, can you perhaps touch about the visibility based on the end market here? Just trying to understand the dynamics there.
Nathan Winters : Keith, I think part of it is visibility, but I think that is somewhat of an outcome of the uncertainty that we've, I think everyone's experienced here over the last couple months. So, if you look at our full year guide of 3% to 7%, and so over 6% on an organic basis. Obviously, the FX has become a significant headwind to sales growth since our last business update in terms of the strength of the U.S. dollar, and it's been fairly volatile even over the last coming week. So, that FX headwind increases through the year as we roll over the hedges we've had in place, particularly here the first half of the year. And as Bill mentioned while demand has stabilized again, there's the -- we have the wider range reflects that higher uncertainty. So, again, it's not, we're not predicting a fall-off from a trade war nor an acceleration, as Bill mentioned, from the refresh cycle. But we think outside of Q1, steady mid-single digit organic growth for the balance of the year is appropriate, again, given the visibility and the uncertainty around the macroeconomy today.
Keith Housum: Got it. Appreciate it. And then, just trying to understand, like, the trends in the overall industry, and we're seeing more and more of your devices, I guess, we reach more toward the consumer end of the market. Can you talk about how, like, your average sales price has evolved over the past several years, and where should we think about where it's going in the future?
Bill Burns: Yes, I would say that Keith, I'd say that there hasn't been a lot of change in ASP over the time frame. There's, I would say that we've tiered the portfolio across mobile computing, scanning, printing, to really protect the ASPs at the high end. So, if you want to buy a value-tier device at the lower end of the market, I have that for you. Because in the past, I would, if I didn't have that device, I'd have to bring my mid-tier pricing to go compete at the low end of the market. So, tiering of the portfolio of kind of premium, mid, and value-tier has really helped us kind of protect ASPs. I think that we continue to look at opportunities for mobile computing that drive the device in the hands of more associates. That clearly is a theme we've talked about for the last several years, and, but we are seeing it more. We're seeing it in mobile computing, and we're seeing it in tablet. I mentioned it kind of before, and let's use manufacturing as an example. The move from fixed screens to control production to tablets is a real opportunity, right. The idea that AI and ultimately the idea of having an assistant, a digital assistant, the idea of communication and collaboration, the idea of task management, more and more enterprises are realizing without having connectivity to the frontline worker, it's very difficult to communicate to them. Think of even a big box retailer. The only way for a manager to meet with everybody is to get them all in the break room and have a conversation. If you have no communication collaboration vehicle throughout the store. So, I think that we'll see in mobile computing, ASPs are what they are. Tiering the portfolio helps, but I think there's an opportunity here to put the device in the hands of more associates. We've got new devices out to go do that. So, some of our new devices are instead of scan engine-based or camera-based, but they have RFID technology on them. That's another opportunity for us. So, I think we feel good about the price points we're selling mobile computing, but we're more excited about generating more demand with devices in the hands of more workers.
Operator: The next question comes from Guy Hardwick with Freedom Capital Markets.
Guy Hardwick: Hi, Good morning. Bill, I just want to follow up on that last point. Those of us who were at the NRF show in January saw the Zebra Companion demonstration. I know you mentioned earlier that you saw the opportunity as premium hardware sales and SaaS revenues, but maybe -- could you talk maybe what you think the business model could look like for Zebra Companion three to four years out? A mixture of, say, hardware sales versus what percentages of that could be in terms of recurring revenues in either the Zebra Companion itself or, as you mentioned, some of the other software products?
Bill Burns: Yes, I mean, I think it's still early in the launch to kind of predict where all the revenues come from. We've thought a lot about multiple areas to generate additional either volume of business or us to win more or others. So, I'll give you a couple of examples maybe there, and then we can go further. But I think clearly monetizing the premium device hardware, right, working closely with Qualcomm and Google and to make sure that we've got devices that'll support AI for our customers, not only in the cloud but on the device itself, which could drive ultimately premium hardware revenue and margin. Market share gains. We continue to lead in the innovation front, and we believe we'll do that here with AI as well, with our AI suite as well as our own companions, but also working with our partners. So, anytime I can drive additional value to my end customer, either with our own software or third party software and make it easy for our customers to either write the software or third party vendors or Zebra, that's an opportunity for me to gain share. Higher recurring revenues come really from things like our agents, right, the idea that Zebra is going to create AI agents on top of this AI suite that allows our customers to leverage our portfolio of software, including adding AI capabilities to our Work Cloud suite that we talked about at NRF around the modern store. So, there's opportunities for recurring revenue there as well. So, I think both in our software business as well as with these agents. So, I think overall we're still working through what those projections look like. They're not near-term revenue, but they certainly are critical to our future, and we believe we're on the forefront of this. We feel really good about where we're at, and the business models represent lots of different opportunities to drive increased revenue and increased profit.
Guy Hardwick: Great. Thanks. Just as a quick follow-up, I'm just wondering whether you saw any pre-buy activity in Q4 or early Q1 in getting ahead of tariffs by customers?
Bill Burns: Yes, no, not really. I mean, we've seen some customers we've seen larger retail orders with yearend spending, but not really driven by tariffs. So, I would say really no.
Operator: The next question comes from Brad Hewitt with Wolf Research.
Brad Hewitt: Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. So, it appears that you're embedding about 30% organic incremental margins in 2025. I know the long-term framework is 30% incrementals or better, but I would have thought the incrementals could have been a bit stronger in the early stages of volume recovery. So, can you just walk through the puts and takes for 2025 on the margin side of things?
Nathan Winters : Yes, Brad, I think probably the first one I would point to is with the guide including $20 million of profit headwind from the incremental tariffs. And again, that's predominantly in the first half of the year. So, peaking in Q2, then we'd see a pretty substantial sequential improvement from Q2 to Q3, and then fully mitigated in Q4. So obviously that's if you remove that, you'd have probably a different, you come to a different conclusion around the sequential improvement in margin. So, I think that's one to consider. And again, where we've been focused at least on what's been announced to date, ensuring we mitigate those as soon as possible so that we can, again, exit the year, end the year, and exit the year kind of fully recouped and get those back as we head into 2026. So, I think that's probably the first and most important dynamic from on the margin standpoint. And then if you look from the full year EBITDA guide of 21 to 22, and obviously the higher end of the range would reflect removing those tariffs and get back to kind of where we'd expect full profitability to be on a standalone basis or a pre-tariff, or at least pre-incremental tariff basis. And that's where you really see the volume leverage, along with about 0.5 point of FX headwind as we mentioned earlier. So, I think those are some of the puts and takes.
Brad Hewitt: Okay. That's helpful. And then it looks like your gross margin on the service and software side of the business stepped down sequentially, and has been in a bit of a downtrend since the start of 2024. So, can you just talk about what's going on there and how you think about the services and software gross margin going into 2025?
Nathan Winters : Yes. So, Q4 was down a bit. Some of that was just timing. We had pretty high demand from a repair volume. Part of that was internally driven just as we recouped some of the supply chain on some of those component parts and be able to get the repairs complete into Q4. And I'd still expect both that service and software line to be accretive and drive margin expansion. And as we've said before, just not to the same degree we've seen over the last five years. I mean, the team has done an incredible job on both of the portfolio service and software, expanding margins over the last three to four years to get us to where we are today. And I'd still expect margin expansion, but just not to the same degree we've seen over the last four years.
Operator: The next question comes from Melissa Shreve with Barclays.
Melissa Shreve: Hi. Good morning. Just a quick question. You guys noticed that there was strength in healthcare in Q4. Just thinking about moving into 2025. I know healthcare is the smallest vertical, but it was pretty strong all last year. How should we kind of think about that moving into 2025? Is this a vertical where we should see continued kind of outside strength? Thank you.
Bill Burns: Yes. I would say that in Q4, we saw broad-based demand across all the vertical markets. But as we commented, we feel good about where we're at in healthcare. We've got a portfolio product specific to healthcare. Prior to the pandemic, healthcare was our fastest growing vertical for some time. And it's reemerged to that in Q2, Q3, and Q4 in 2024. And we would see that continuing into 2025. I would say the improved productivity that healthcare workers get and providers get from the use of devices. I would say that the opportunities exist in clinical mobility. It's in-home healthcare, patient engagement, virtual care. So, I think all of that bodes well for our portfolio of solutions. We have the HIMSS show coming up, which is the largest trade show in healthcare that we're excited about. We talked about the retail show, but we're at that show in the next coming weeks, and we'll spend more time with our customers there. But I think the healthcare team, our sales team's done a great job. And I think that we've got a great portfolio of products and solutions in healthcare. So, I'd see continued strength there, yes.
Operator: The next question comes from Jim Radushi with Needham & Company.
Chris Grenga: Hi. Good morning. This is Chris Grenga on for Jim. Just a couple quick ones. Do you anticipate the feature set for Companion being exclusive to the customer that was showcased in our effort for any period of time? And could you talk about potentially the opportunity for these types of features to be expanded beyond, like, a retail setting into the manufacturing and perhaps transportation logistics verticals? Thank you.
Bill Burns: Yes. So, I think that, no, it's not exclusive to any one customer. It's a solution, and it's in two ways. One is that our AI suite for mobile computing allows our independent software vendors and our partners to be able to leverage AI on our devices for their own applications. So, that way, they can broaden it, whether it's our customers specifically, and in the case of the customer that presented with us at NRF, or it's independent software vendors building on top of the devices, and then we're going to build agents on our own as well from that perspective. So, both. Nothing there. What was the second part of the question? [Multiple Speakers]
Chris Grenga: Sorry.
Nathan Winters : I can jump on the AI companion being used in other verticals. One good example is we're using it within our own distribution center from a knowledge management. Think of, again, language transfer, being able to translate documents and standard operating procedures into different languages to support the workforce to, again, same thing that they're trying to do in retail, which is how do you quickly train new frontline workers to get up to speed as quickly as possible, and we're using that functionality in our own distribution center. So, yes, I'd say different parts of the functionality are absolutely applicable to other vertical markets.
Bill Burns: Yes, the idea is what you train the model on, right. So, ultimately, it would be standard operating procedures within, as Nate said, a warehouse or picking environment. It could be standard operating procedures inside manufacturing. So, those are all opportunities to leverage the base software, and it's all about training the model for your specific application. So, yes.
Operator: Our last question comes from Rob Jamieson with Cowen & Company.
Rob Jamieson: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my questions. Just the first one, I know you've given a lot of color and appreciated around the full year guidance, but just wanted to make sure I had this right. So, basically, I haven't seen really any indication of delays or pushouts, just more of kind of hesitance from your customers, and maybe just taking it a little bit longer to understand the ramifications of tariffs and everything. I guess in a normal year, when would you expect to get a little bit more visibility? And then, if some of this policy does come through and we get some clarity from the Trump administration, would you expect to see a little bit more of an understanding of how the rest of the year might play out, and when might that happen? Like, would that be later this quarter and the second quarter?
Bill Burns: Yes. I would say that there's always customers budgets and visibility. I would say, typically, by this time, we'd have more conviction by our customers of the projects they're going to move ahead with. And I think it's just this visibility and uncertainty out there across the environment. There's no specific date. Customers are all different. The retail customers now are still wrapping up their year, right, as we're continuing to ship in Q1 here to finalize last year's budgets from their perspective. Other T&L customers have budgets yearend, or sorry, mid-year so it differs by customer. I think that the lack of visibility is really driven by this uncertainty, right. And as you said, if there becomes more clarity around trade and what's going to happen from a policy perspective, but even yesterday and today, there were discussions of reciprocal tariffs in other countries. So this uncertainty is not helping because our customers are focused, as we are, on things like, hey, what happens if, and how do I go mitigate tariffs and others as opposed to finalizing projects specifically with us. So you're right. We haven't seen anything be moved out or customers delaying things yet. We just don't have the visibility we'd normally have at this point in time. FX certainly is a headwind on the growth that's real today. The China tariffs are real today. But could the Mexico tariffs go away? That's why we try to characterize it about 50% of what Nate talked about is Mexico, 50% is China, if it does go away. So more clarity certainly would help and give our customers more confidence in their year, and then give us more clarity. So the problem is, even as of yesterday and today, there's less clarity than more on tariffs.
Rob Jamieson: No, and thank you for that. And then just one last one, just on the Photoneo acquisition, I know you said it's not included in your full year guidance. Is there anything you can give us in the way of potential expectations from revenue profitability for a full year as that acquisition gets completed?
Nathan Winters : Yes, and obviously, based on the purchase price, it's relatively small in that relative to the total portfolio. But assuming closing later this quarter, it'd be around 30 bps of incremental revenue for the year. So again, we'd include that in our guide as we move into second quarter once the deal is closed.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Burns for any closing remarks.
Bill Burns: Yes, I'd like to thank our employees and partners for their support as we continue to work together to solve our customers' biggest challenges. Our relentless focus on innovation will continue to transform our customer workflows. We feel good about our business. Have a great day, everyone.
Operator: The conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-10-29 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Third Quarter 2024 Zebra Technologies Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions]. After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mike Steele, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Mike Steele: Good morning, and welcome to Zebra's third quarter earnings conference call. This presentation is being simulcast on our website at investors.zebra.com and will be archived there for at least one year. Our forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and assumptions and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially, and we refer you to the factors discussed on our SEC filings. During this call, we will reference non-GAAP financial measures as we describe our business performance. You can find reconciliations at the end of the slide presentation and in today's earnings press release. Throughout this presentation, unless otherwise indicated, our references to sales performance are year-on-year and on a constant currency basis. This presentation will include prepared remarks from Bill Burns, our Chief Executive Officer; and Nathan Winters, our Chief Financial Officer. Bill will begin with a discussion of our third quarter results. Nathan will then provide additional detail on the financials and discuss our fourth quarter and revised full year outlook. Bill will conclude with progress on advancing our strategic priorities. Following the prepared remarks, Bill and Nathan will take your questions. Now, let's turn to Slide 4, as I hand it over to Bill.
Bill Burns: Thank you, Mike. Good morning and thank you for joining us. Our teams executed well in the third quarter delivering sales and earnings results above the high end of our outlook. For the quarter, we realized sales of almost $1.3 billion, a 31% increase compared to the prior year, and adjusted EBITDA margin of 21.4%, a 980 basis point increase. Non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $3.49, which was 4x the prior year and delivered strong free cash flow. As we discussed on our last earnings call, during the second quarter, we began to see early signs of recovery across our end markets with mobile computing returning to growth. In the third quarter, we were encouraged to see the recovery broadened with data capture and printing also returning to growth. We realized double-digit growth across all our primary end markets and broad-based growth to customers of all sizes as began to cycle significant destocking activity in the second half of last year. We are seeing indications of customer spend generally improving in the second half, including expectations for higher year-end spending in North America and EMEA across most end markets. That said the manufacturing sector is still lagging as the goods economy continues to recover. Additionally, as we look ahead to 2025, visibility remains limited regarding the timing of large deployments. Another highlight was our improved profitability, primarily due to improved gross margin driven by volume, leverage, and business mix. With the recent consolidation of our North American distribution centers into a single Chicago area facility, we have successfully completed our restructuring actions to deliver $120 million of net annualized operating savings. Given our third quarter performance, improved momentum in demand recovery, and our focus on profitable growth, we are raising our full year outlook for sales, profitability, and free cash flow. I will now turn the call over to Nathan to review our Q3 financial results and discuss our revised 2024 outlook.
Nathan Winters: Thank you, Bill. Let's start with the P&L on Slide 6. In Q3, total company sales grew 30.6% reflecting continued recovery in demand across our major product categories. Our Asset Intelligence & Tracking segment grew 25.8%, primarily driven by printing and RFID. Enterprise Visibility & Mobility segment sales increased 33% with strong growth in mobile computing and data capture solutions. Our services and software recurring revenue businesses grew 4% in the quarter. We realized double-digit sales growth across our regions. In North America, sales grew 22%, led by mobile computing and printing. EMEA sales grew 47% with strength in Northern Europe. Asia-Pacific sales grew 24% led by momentum in Southeast Asia and India along with stabilization in China. And sales grew 42% in Latin America with particular strength in Mexico and Brazil. Adjusted gross margin increased 430 basis points to 49.1% due to volume leverage and favorable business mix and adjusted operating expenses as a percent of sales improved by 580 basis points. This resulted in third quarter adjusted EBITDA margin of 21.4%, a 980 basis point increase versus the prior year and a 90 basis point sequential improvement from Q2. Non-GAAP diluted earnings per share was $3.49, a greater than 300% year-over-year increase. Turning now to the balance sheet and cash flow on Slide 7. In the first nine months of 2024, we generated more than $650 million of free cash flow as EBITDA improved and we continue to drive significant improvements in working capital. We ended the quarter at a 1.6x net debt to adjusted EBITDA leverage ratio, which is within our target range. We resumed share repurchase activity in Q3 and now have increased flexibility given our improved cash flow, lower net debt, and $1.5 billion of capacity on our revolving credit facility. Let's now turn to our outlook. We entered the fourth quarter with a solid backlog and pipeline of opportunities and expect sales growth between 28% and 31%. This outlook assumes continued recovery across our major product categories with an improved level of year-end spending by our customers including several large North American retail projects. We continue to cycle easier comparisons across the business due in part to significant destocking activity by our distributors during the second half of last year. Q4 adjusted EBITDA margin is expected to be approximately 22% and non-GAAP diluted earnings per share are expected to be in the range of $3.80 to $4. Our fourth quarter outlook translates to full year sales growth of approximately 8%. Our full year adjusted EBITDA margin is expected to be approximately 21% and non-GAAP diluted earnings per share is expected to be in the range of approximately $13.30 to $13.50 based on our Q4 guide. This represents stronger profitable growth than our prior outlook supported by increased momentum and demand recovery and continued focus on our cost structure. Free cash flow for the year is now expected to be at least $850 million. We continue to drive profitable growth while improving our working capital levels including rightsizing our inventory. Please reference additional modeling assumptions shown on Slide 8. With that, I will turn the call back to Bill.
Bill Burns: Thank you, Nathan. Turning to Slide 10. We remained well-positioned to benefit from secular trends to digitize and automate workflows with their comprehensive portfolio of innovative solutions including purpose-built hardware, software, and services. We empower frontline workers to execute tasks more effectively by navigating constant change in real time to advance capabilities including automation, prescriptive analytics, machine learning and artificial intelligence. Zebra continues to demonstrate market leadership through innovation. We have consistently reinvested approximately 10% of our revenues into research and development to advance our vibrant core and bring new innovative solutions to market. At recent customer events we hosted in North America and EMEA, we unveiled solutions that underscore our commitment to innovation. These include the latest version of our work cloud software utilizing advanced AI and machine learning and new rugged tablets for demanding environments. We also highlighted a Zebra kiosk solution offering self-checkout including tap-to-pay capabilities, which enhance the customer experience and enables frontline associates to focus on higher value tasks. This launch enables us to expand Zebra's addressable market with near adjacent technology that leverages our core software platform. Additionally, we are developing a generative AI mobile computing solution designed to assist frontline workers with sales, merchandising, and operating procedures, which we will feature at the National Retail Federation Trade Show in January. As you see on Slide 11, our customers leverage our solutions to optimize workflows across a broad range of end markets. We empower enterprises to drive productivity and better serve their customers, shoppers, and patients. Our relentless focus on innovation continues to drive our competitive differentiation and secure wins. In the second half of this year, we're seeing momentum in large Zebra deployments in North America and EMEA across retail, e-commerce, and logistics. Our customers are beginning to increase investment in our solutions as they absorb the supply chain capacity they built out during the pandemic and look to drive increased productivity. Recent key wins include a technology modernization project at a large e-commerce customer, a mobile computing upgrade at a large retailer to enable the latest software applications, a grocer's initiative to replace desktop computers with our mobile devices to drive several front of store use cases and a luxury retailer will deploy work cloud software to optimize in-season pricing. Additionally, logistics customer in EMEA selected Zebra's new wearable mobile computers to replace a competitor's voice picking solution. This customer expects to improve accuracy and increase employee and customer satisfaction with our solution. Last quarter, I highlighted our success and traction in selling the benefits of enterprise grade devices in healthcare. Our ease of integration into electronic medical record systems has been a competitive differentiator and we recently secured mobile computing and printing wins at large North America hospitals. Our solutions will improve workflows and enable enhanced visibility and tracking of assets, equipment, and specimens. Now turning to Slide 12. We realize double-digit sales growth across all vertical markets as demand recovers. Our confidence in sustainable long-term growth is underpinned by several themes that we expect to drive investment in our solutions including labor and resource constraints, track and trace mandates, increased consumer expectations, and the need for real time supply chain visibility. In closing, we are seeing the broadening of demand recovery in the second half of this year with a more normalized seasonality in sales volumes as we enter the fourth quarter and into 2025. As we look longer-term, we maintain strong conviction in the opportunity for Zebra as we elevate our strategic role with our customers through our innovative portfolio of solutions. Our sales and cost initiatives have positioned us well for profitable growth as our end markets continue to recover. I will now hand it back to Mike.
Mike Steele: Thanks, Bill. We'll now open the call to Q&A. We ask that you limit yourself to one question and one follow-up to give everyone the chance to participate.
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. The first question comes from Andrew Buscaglia with BNP Paribas. Please go ahead.
Andrew Buscaglia: So it's a, obviously demand seems to be picking up quite a bit facing some easy comps. But also you had some commentary around some larger North America retail project wins, I believe, if you could comment on that. What are you seeing in that market specifically and how do you see that playing out into next year?
Bill Burns: Yes, Andrew. I would say that, certainly, we're seeing that the quarter ended where we were pretty happy with the results and ultimately the teams executed well. I would say that we saw a broadening recovery across all vertical markets, not just retail, in Q3, which certainly was encouraging. From a retail perspective, I would say retail and e-commerce outperformed across all product categories, really in Q3, and we expect that to kind of extend into Q4, as you mentioned easier compares from a year ago. But we've also been able to see some year-end spending, which injects some more -- some normalized seasonality, which we have seen in past years, certainly year-end with larger orders from e-commerce, retail and transportation logistics, specifically North America and EMEA. So this is what we'd normally see at year-end. We hadn't seen that last year, of course, and now, we're seeing that, that return to more normalized levels. So we feel good about retail customers beginning to spend again. Sure, their focus continues to be investments in e-commerce, omni-channel continue to drive that market. We've got a solid pipeline of opportunities as we enter Q4 and we continue to win in that market against competition as we've got a differentiated portfolio of hardware and software serving the retail market. So we feel good about what we're seeing across retail in Q3 and Q4 and the seasonality coming back where we see some year-end spending across North America and EMEA. So we feel pretty good about retail at the moment. It was the first to recover, right? If you think back to the beginning of the year, retail was the first to decline and the first to recover. And we're seeing that continue across retail throughout the year.
Andrew Buscaglia: Yes. Okay. And then can you just comment on what you're seeing with distributors and how are they going about their decision to start to restock and what kind of trends are you seeing in with those customers?
Bill Burns: Maybe I'll start and hand to Nathan. I would say overall that our distributors are seeing the uptick in business that we're seeing from our partner community. I think that we're working closely with them to make sure that they've got the right level of inventory to meet the increase in demand as we enter Q4. But that we continue to work closely with them to make sure that across all product categories that we make sure that they've got the right level of stocking across each of the regions around the globe.
Nathan Winters: Yes, I think that's checks in, and again, when we look at it from an inventory perspective, they're at a good amount of days on hand in terms of where we'd like them to be entering the fourth quarter. So again, I think we feel, as Bill said, good about the overall inventory position here as we enter the quarter with the expectation for the year-end spend to come through.
Operator: The next question comes from Jamie Cook with Truist. Please go ahead.
Jamie Cook: Hi, good morning. Congrats on a nice quarter. I guess, just back to the large orders, can you help us understand how much of the large orders did that help the third quarter and sort of what's implied in the fourth quarter and your confidence level that this continues into 2025? And then, I guess, my second question, the margins over the past two quarters, I mean the gross margins were 49% plus, that's implied 49% or so in the fourth quarter. I'm just wondering, based on the sales volume and benefits from some of their structuring, the expectation that margins can at least be at that level in 2025, given the exit rate for 2024. Thank you.
Bill Burns: Yes. So Jamie, maybe I'll start and then hand over to Nate around margin. I'd say if we kind of look back right to 2023 and kind of recap where we're at, right? I would say overall that customers in 2023 were absorbing capacity and that they built out in the pandemic. We clearly were -- they were scrutinizing budgets, sweating assets, right, and that drove significant distributor destocking in that timeframe. And in fourth quarter last year, we saw really no large deal, no larger order activity in the end of fourth quarter of 2023. So I would say that that's what's really different this year is that ultimately as we entered 2024 in the first half, we saw early signs of recovery really in mid-tier and run rate businesses we talked about in the first half and really focused on mobile, computing and retail. But larger orders really remain below historic levels in the first half. As we got into second half, what we're seeing is broader recovery across all regions. In most end markets, we're still seeing manufacturing for instance lag, but we're seeing the return of year-end spending and larger orders by retail and logistics customers in North America and EMEA. We're also seeing some probably mid-tier orders; I would call it from healthcare. So healthcare has also been a strength, which has allowed us to raise our guide. So I think more normalized seasonality that we're seeing where typically fourth quarter is an uptick in demand as our customers spend more in the fourth quarter as they move into next year. I would say the other thing we saw was that a comment on kind of large orders was probably the fact that we saw CapEx increase throughout the year. So I think as customers got more confidence in the macro environment around them and what we're seeing across their business, the increased capital spending, especially in retail throughout the year and injecting again more seasonality that we expect to happen in fourth quarter and then continue injecting seasonality back into our business in 2025. I'd say from a 2025 perspective, while we're clearly not guiding to 2025, we're optimistic that the recovery continues into 2025, certainly based on the strong second half. We'd expect again normalized seasonality to really be injected back into the business in fourth quarter just like we'd expect in 2025. So I'd say the one caution would be we're seeing a little bit of uncertainty across the customer base. And I would say that what that means is really manufacturing lagging the other segments. I would say, each customer is in a different phase of whether its refresh or new, product investment or new investment across their business and new applications. We're seeing some T&L customers' still absorbing capacity. So we've got a bit of limited visibility to large projects on when they're going to happen in 2025. So again, we'd expect the recovery to continue but a bit uneven across some of the end markets is the only thing I'd say from a caution perspective. Maybe, Nate can comment on margins.
Nathan Winters: Yes. Yes. So Jamie, if you look at our gross margin in the third quarter, just over 49%, that's the highest gross margin we've had in recent history. But really benefited from lower large deal volume, obviously, there was a bit of a return, but still lower than as a percent than what we've seen historically. But good scaling on our fixed infrastructure. We completed the consolidation of our distribution centers in North America. That was the last piece of our restructuring actions midway through the quarter, so seeing that benefit flow through. The only thing I'd say is you look at what's implied in the Q4 EBITDA guide. We do expect a sequential decline in gross margin just as you know, again, based on the incremental large deal volumes coming through on the higher volume. And I'd say that's still kind of the wild card if you look into 2025 is, what that large deal mix look like as we enter the year and as we go throughout the year, as we think about the kind of the gross margin dynamics.
Operator: The next question comes from Damian Karas with UBS. Please go ahead.
Damian Karas: Hey, good morning, everyone. Nice work in the quarter.
Bill Burns: Thanks, Damian. Good morning.
Damian Karas: Yes. So you guys mentioned that you still have limited visibility around large deployments. Could you maybe just give us a sense for like why that is and when you think about going into year-end and some of these kind of late CapEx budget type decisions, is there what have you baked into your guidance? Are you only kind of factoring in COGS these larger deployments where you do have visibility? And is there potential that after we get through the election there could still be some kind of later year spend?
Bill Burns: Yes. I would say, Damian, we feel good about the fourth quarter guide with a pipeline and visibility in all size orders really to support the guide. So I think we feel good about the guide for fourth quarter. I would say, overall from a limited visibility perspective, I think as we look into 2025, what we saw in 2024, was customers start off with kind of a conservative view on CapEx spending and kind of ramp that spending through the year. We'd expect that same thing to likely happen in 2025 is, look, I think overall there's lots of positive momentum from a macro environment, whether that's positive GDP, whether that's e-commerce growth, the capital spending increase, as I said throughout 2024, IT device spending is projected to be up in 2025. So that's all good news for 2025. But I think you mentioned it, right, all the other things that are kind of weighing on the macro around the globe, including U.S. elections, right, interest rates are still high. Inflation, impacting consumers and their spending overall, which then creates a bit of caution on the part of our customers, longer sales cycles, more approvals, those kind of things as they kind of second guess their CapEx. So I'd say overall, just while we see projects for 2025 at the moment, it's a -- it's just a bit early to have the visibility especially into large deployments and when they'll actually happen throughout 2025 given that we've seen kind of the slow CapEx release in 2024. So I think we feel good about 2025. We feel really good about our guide for fourth quarter, but there is still uncertainty out there with a lot of things happening from a macro environment.
Damian Karas: That makes sense. And then, I was wondering if you could maybe just give us an update on the machine vision business. Is that still a drag on your financials at this point or maybe starting to see some signs of improvement there?
Bill Burns: I'd say that we still feel good about machine vision overall as being closely adjacent to our scanning portfolio overall and creating opportunity for us as our customers continue to look to automate supply chain and visibility across manufacturing from an inspection perspective and transportation logistics from a visibility perspective within their environment. And I think that -- look, machine vision declined in the quarter. I think overall weakness in manufacturing has affected that market clearly. A good example of that would be electrical vehicle manufacturing kind of slowed. We saw our semiconductor, which were kind of heavily weighted to, and that's been one of our objectives all along is to diversify the business, the acquisition of Matrox beyond semiconductor. We've seen stabilization in semiconductor in the quarter. So that's a positive sign. We are pleased with the software growth to machine vision in the quarter. And we feel good that the diversification efforts we're working on to diversify outside of semiconductor into broader manufacturing, into T&L will benefit us as the markets recover. And I think that ultimately, we feel good about the opportunity for not just software but our continued investment across go-to-market and some new investments around AI and deep learning that will benefit us as that market returns. So tough market at the moment, but we feel good about the long-term prospects of machine vision.
Operator: The next question comes from Tommy Moll with Stephens. Please go ahead.
Tommy Moll: Good morning, and thank you for taking my questions.
Bill Burns: Hey, Tommy.
Nathan Winters: Hi, Tommy.
Tommy Moll: I wanted to start on the large order topic. I hear you loud and clear that the visibility on next year remains limited at this point. And then, my question is, what would a typical planning cycle look like? And in a normal year, however, you want to define that for large orders, how much advance notice do you have, and when did the conversations really start to pick up where you get that kind of visibility about what's coming? Thanks.
Bill Burns: Hey Tommy, I'd say typically six months. We typically have six months of visibility to larger projects from our customers. And I would say that then that planning cycle ultimately begins six months in advance as they think about what's the next-generation of device. What are the use cases they're using devices for? Are they -- the upgrades are always in the larger projects are always bigger than the last refresh, right, as they deploy more devices, they've used more use cases and typically when our customers refresh, they also look to add additional use cases along the way. So all that gets discussed six months plus in advance, and then they go through their process of selecting what product, what solution, what vendor and then move forward. And then the ultimate timing of the project and when it gets ordered and deployed, sometimes relies on other factors, like they're rolling out new software on their side, for instance, in working with outside vendors to do that or whether they've got internal developments happening or they've got a rollout schedule, they want to go meet based on their seasonality of their business. So that all depends from a rollout perspective. Sometimes they get delayed, sometimes they move faster. But typically six months of the visibility, and I think I would say -- at the moment, we saw CapEx ramp through 2024. We kind of expect that in 2025. In first quarter, we typically get more visibility to the first half projects in 2025. And then they typically move along through their process.
Operator: The next question comes from Brad Hewitt with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Brad Hewitt: So as we think about next year, aside from the year-end retail spending, are you seeing anything in the pipeline or the conversion rates that makes you more optimistic than you were last quarter about large orders returning in a more meaningful way in 2025? And then how much of a recovery in large order rates do you think we need to see for growth in 2025 to be in line with or better than your long-term growth framework?
Bill Burns: Look, I'd probably say that, again, we're trying not to guide for 2025. I'll give you a little bit of color, right? Certainly, we're optimistic is the recovery. We expect to continue into 2025 based on the strong results we've seen in the second half of the year and the continued ramp of CapEx by our customers. We've seen a bit of uneven results into the marketplace, right? Retail, first to recover, continue that recovery. T&L green shoots in the second quarter now broader T&L recovery, but a bit uneven, meaning some customers are still using the capacity that they've built out during the pandemic and still working through that, but we're seeing parcel volumes increased. Manufacturing, clearly lagging the other sectors. And then healthcare has been a positive over the last two quarters. But I'd say that while we've seen that, we also see some macro headwinds overall, which include all the challenges we've talked about already, manufacturing softness in China, limited budget visibility as we kind of get into 2025 as to when projects will happen across the business. So we'd see continued recovery into 2025 on the strength of the second half. And right now, it's just too early to have a lot of visibility into 2025 overall. We do believe that seasonality does come back into the business in 2025, though. So as we're seeing seasonal effects of large orders at fourth quarter, we would expect that seasonality to really be injected back into the business in 2025.
Operator: The next question comes from Keith Housum with Northcoast Research. Please go ahead.
Keith Housum: Good morning, guys. Bill, perhaps you provide a little bit of color from a geographical perspective. EMEA and Latin America were the standouts, obviously, this quarter. Was it a matter of easier compares for those geographies? Or is there something truly unique capping in those areas that perhaps we can think about as we go forward?
Bill Burns: Yes, Keith, I'd say certainly double-digit growth across all major product categories, regions and end markets, right, was encouraging. But again, as you know easier compares with a weak Q3 last year. So an aggressive distributor destocking at that point in time. I'd say EMEA, clearly easier compares than the other regions. So I would say, we feel good about all regions overall. EMEA had a even easier compare than the other regions. But that said, I would say, strength in Northern Europe clearly within EMEA, some larger projects in T&L moving forward and some wins in mobile computing. I would say, across EMEA, manufacturing remains challenging, particularly Germany as an example. But I think that the story of EMEA is really easier comparison than the other regions. North America, I would say, improvement across all product categories, strength in retail, healthcare, T&L coming back, but a bit uneven as people are using the capacity, but the good news is we're seeing parcel volumes continue to recover. Manufacturing still a bit challenging overall and kind of lacking the other areas. Healthcare, two quarters in a row is our fastest-growing market. So that's returned to what we've seen in the past around healthcare, especially in North America. I'd say Asia, momentum in Southeast Asia, so Southeast Asia and India were kind of bright spots in the quarter. Stabilization in China, I'd probably say, and we're not expecting a near-term kind of recovery or growth driver from China overall at the moment. And I'd say Latin America strength in Mexico and Brazil, as you've kind of heard from us before. So I think we feel pretty good about recovery across all the regions. And I think the difference is more around vertical markets than it is the actual regions themselves.
Operator: The next question comes from Meta Marshall with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Meta Marshall: Great. A couple questions. Just on the healthcare strength that you guys are seeing, is this new accounts that you guys are adding or just expansion of penetration or just kind of overall health and spend in that market after kind of some post-COVID hangover within healthcare so just more in-depth on healthcare? And then, second, I know a question was asked earlier just about some of the initiatives that you guys have enacted that had improved gross margins. But just as we think about OpEx into 2025, are there initiatives that are -- are all of the initiatives around some of the moves made earlier this year fully carried out? Or just how should we think about kind of OpEx into 2025? Thanks.
Bill Burns: Yes, I'll start with healthcare and then hand over gross margin to Nate. I would say that from a healthcare perspective, a combination of new customers and refreshes across the portfolio, but continued opportunities across healthcare, I would say, we saw growth across all product categories. We have specific lines for printing, scanning, mobile computing specifically towards and focused on the healthcare market. I'd say, overall, we improved productivity and healthcare providers of all sizes really enhance safety and be able to take information and put it into electronical medical record systems, which is important across healthcare, not just in North America but around the world. So I'd say overall, this idea of automating workflows, collecting digital information on patients, assets, what's happening within the medical environment creates an opportunity for us in -- across all segments of healthcare. So whether it's clinical mobility or home healthcare, virtual care, all those have been opportunities for us. So I would say healthcare is our smallest vertical market at the moment and -- but it's the fastest growing in opportunities, both new and expansion across healthcare and not just North America, but global opportunities as well.
Nathan Winters: Yes, Meta, just when you look at it from an OpEx perspective, I'd say a couple of things. One, the full benefit of the restructuring is really embedded in the OpEx for the second half of the -- in the P&L. Really the incremental gross -- incremental restructuring benefits to go are primarily in gross margin and really related to the flow-through of the closure of the DC in North America. So the team is really now focused on how we scale and drive productivity across the OpEx infrastructure that we have. And there's some really exciting things that teams are working around the use of AI to drive productivity in terms of supply chain forecasting, order management or how we leverage generative AI for technology support, software code generation, again, all allowing us to scale on the -- and drive efficiency of what we have today. So I think that's really the focus is scaling on the structure that we have today with the tools and technology that are available.
Operator: The next question comes from Brian Drab with William Blair. Please go ahead.
Brian Drab: Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. First one is just around the cadence of demand recovery that you saw the timing of demand recovery that you saw in the third quarter because that is just the tone is a lot different today I think in the second quarter, it's a lot different even from touching base with you during the third quarter. So I'm just wondering, did you see an incremental pickup in demand in some of the end markets even as recently as October?
Nathan Winters: Hey Brian, let me start. I think, one, if you look back at our prior guide, we really assumed a similar level of demand from Q2 continuing into the second half with only really a modest increase for year-end spending. And what we wanted to see was the real commitments the POs starting to come through from our customers before embedding that in the guide. And I think that's what we saw through the second half of the third quarter and here in the early part of the fourth quarter. So really the conversion of that pipeline coming through, which is what we wanted to see to have the confidence to raise the guide as we are today. So I think that's really the difference. It's just that conversion of the pipeline really picked up in the later part of the third quarter and here in the early part of the fourth quarter where we had the confidence based on those commitments from our customers to raise the guide for the full year and see that year-end spend start to really come through here in the fourth quarter.
Brian Drab: Okay. That certainly makes sense. And then second question, depending on the outcome of the election here, it could be -- there's a concern that there could be significant tariffs that start to go into place. And I know that in the past Trump administration, you've established a tariff task force. And I'm just wondering if you could describe what the activity that's happening at Zebra right now to potentially position for that environment?
Nathan Winters: Well, too early to speculate on the impact on all the various scenarios that could come out of next week's election. But we have been focused on some of the new tariffs that have been planned for 2026 and how we build alternatives so we can respond accordingly. So the team is actively working on mitigation plans for some of the new tariffs that are coming into place. And we continue to work -- actively work with our supply chain partners. We've been doing this since 2019 to diversify the supply base to improve resiliency overall as well as prepare for any future tariff changes. So I'd say right now, it's various scenario planning of what the different options could be, but our primary focus has been improved overall resiliency of our supply chain, so that we can respond, whether it's tariffs, geopolitical or natural disasters, how we make sure we have that structure in place to respond accordingly, that's really been the focus of the teams. And then obviously, depending on the outcome of the election and policies coming from that will respond and pivoted accordingly.
Operator: The next question comes from Rob Mason with Baird. Please go ahead.
Rob Mason: Hi, good morning. The commentary around the gross margin has already been touched on and is performing really well. I'm just curious; again, we're still somewhat early in the recovery. I'm sure business is competitive. But has there been any change in Zebra's promotional practices as we've gone about the recovery? Do you need to discount less either just from your leadership position, the way you've built out the portfolio? Or anything that maybe structurally could carry forward from a promotional aspect?
Bill Burns: Yes, Rob, I'll take that. I would say that overall, look, our strong customer relationships, the deep vertical market expertise we have across each of the vertical markets we serve, the breadth and depth of the solutions portfolio that's tailored to each market. I gave you an example before around healthcare, truly differentiates us from our competitors. And clearly, that our competitive advantages being the market leader around scale and investment in technology, our partner community around the world all gives us strength. And I would say that we really haven't seen really any meaningful change across the competitive landscape. I would say, we're confident that we continue to win in the market and that we'll continue to extend our industry leadership through our investments in innovation. We talked about early on in the call. And continue to strengthen our strategic relationships with customers. So we really haven't seen much different from a competitive landscape perspective around the world at the moment, pretty much of the same.
Rob Mason: I see. Yes. And just as a quick follow-up. We've talked about mobile computing leaving this recovery. Can you give any perspective just on how data capture and printing may follow that, whether you're starting to see -- and then, now, we had good year-over-year growth against easier comps? But are you starting to see accelerating momentum in those products as well?
Bill Burns: Yes, Rob, I think that again, as you said it, mobile computing was kind of the first major category to recover in Q2, and we're continuing to see broad-based demand for mobile computing in Q3 and into Q4 and then some of these larger deal activity really driven by mobile computing. But I'd say what we saw in Q3 was really broad-based growth across DCS, including all product categories within DCS and then across all regions. So I think that's a good sign. And we'd expect that strength to continue into 2024. Again, there's been more variation in the first half of the year on print in DCS around supply chain not being available in 2023 and then recovery in 2024, and all the variations around it. But I think we're seeing growth in DCS, same in print. So growth across most print categories -- one of the strengths has been particularly mobile print. So again, ties back to mobile computing, right, strength across that. There's no opportunities in print. I would say things like eco-friendly linerless printing, so the idea that less waste is creating new opportunities within print. So we feel good about the broad-based growth across DCS and print. I would say me the last area may be worth mentioning because it hasn't come up yet is RFID. So strong growth in Q3 across RFID as we continue to see broad-based adoption of RFID in the quarter.
Operator: The next question comes from Jim Ricchiuti with Needham. Please go ahead.
Chris Grenga: Hi, good morning. This is Chris Grenga on for Jim. Thank you very much for taking the questions. Just to follow-up on that RFID point. There have been reports about new applications for RFID in grocery, first use case apparently being one involving bakery departments. First question is whether you might anticipate new opportunities for your RFID printing business as a result of these developments? And second, more broadly, how do you view the RFID growth opportunities over the next year and whether grocery could be a meaningful use case to go along with what we're seeing in apparel, general merchandise, and logistics?
Bill Burns: Yes. I would say that strong growth in Q3 for an RFID perspective and strong pipeline of opportunities across retail, T&L, manufacturing. As you said, Chris, broadening and retail beyond what was originally apparel into general merchandise and now an opportunity that we've seen for some time and it's been worked on across the industry as things like fresh, right, within the retail store and around the outside perimeter of the store where you see fresh goods and leveraging RFID there. So I think that clearly represents an opportunity for us, track and trace across supply chains, parcel, tracking, healthcare, all those also create an opportunity from Zebra's perspective, we've got the broadest set of RFID solutions, including fixed and handheld readers, industrial and mobile printing, our software and labels to go along with that. So we feel good about the opportunity and the broadening of the opportunities out of RFID beyond, as you said, apparel and retail. I would say the exciting piece that everybody is looking at in RFID is the tag adoption, right, and the growth of tags and those items that are source-tagged or tagged within a retail store, for instance, or a parcel inside T&L, the more items are tagged, the more readers there's more, the more applications there are and that allows more automated collection of information. So I think ultimately, we're excited about the RFID market and continues to grow, and the pipeline of opportunities and applications continues to grow as well.
Operator: The next question comes from Joe Giordano with TD Cowen. Please go ahead.
Joe Giordano: You touched on tariffs and what you're doing? Can you just remind us like how much -- I know you guys moved with your manufacturing partners moved a lot of stuff out of China last go around. Can you update us on like where we are and how much production is still there? Or how much can be moved, if necessary? And how much is like structurally has to be there?
Nathan Winters: Yes. So we -- if you look at an aggregate in terms of dollars, it's almost close to 50% of finished goods production is outside of China, still a vast majority of the component supply chain remains within China, and that's really the trickier or more stickier part of the supply chain to move just given how embedded it is within that market. So again, we moved a significant portion of the manufacturing up really to support North America into places like Malaysia, Vietnam, back in 2019, that's continued to ramp over the last several years. But I think it's important to note, we didn't move all North American volume out of China. Some products, just given the relative volume or the return on investment still made sense to produce in China for the North American market, even with the higher tariffs. So that's, again, the inflation, and we offset that with higher pricing, the pricing actions we took back then. So that's the equation we're working through now, which is what more can be move, should be move, if and when any additional tariffs are enacted. So that's what the team is scenario planning out, but also I want to make sure we make the right business decision that gives us long-term resiliency as well as follows where the supply chain is going because we do rely on, again, components and subassemblies and making sure that we're not too far dislocated from where the those source components are coming from. So it's a pretty complex equation that the team is working through. But we're lucky that we have supply chain partners that in and around the region that we work with to work and solve that challenge.
Joe Giordano: Okay. That's helpful. Thank you. And then just I want to make sure I understand the seasonality discussion around next year. And I know you mentioned you don't want to give 2025 guidance. I appreciate that. And normally, your first quarter is a step down versus the fourth quarter. But now we're in a situation where like big orders aren't hitting in the fourth quarter, so like is it unreasonable to think that you just have kind of a continued moderate increase quarterly as you go through next year? Or do you still get like a step down even without kind of the project activity in the end of this year?
Nathan Winters: I think based on what we said earlier, I think the expectation is to be pretty -- Q4 is maybe not back to a full recovery, but it's still -- there's been a pretty big step-up in what we saw from Q2 to Q3 and Q3 to Q4 with year-end spend. There is several large deployments within the fourth quarter. So I would -- that's why we said we'd expect it to be more maybe like a historical seasonality as you go into next year because of the year-end demand we're seeing and some of the large deployments here in the fourth quarter.
Operator: The next question comes from Guy Hardwick with Freedom Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Guy Hardwick: Congrats on the results, excellent performance. Obviously, Zebra has made great progress year-to-date in deleveraging, and I noticed that trade working capital has fallen materially as a percentage of sales. But now with the leverage ratio down at 1.6x, at what point do you return to making acquisitions? And how would you balance those up against share repurchases? I believe you return to share repurchases for the first time more than a year in Q3.
Nathan Winters: Yes, Guy, I think maybe just to start because we haven't touched on it. So obviously, the free cash flow for the year-to-date, over $650 million, almost $850 million higher than from last year. So just really tremendous work by the team on working capital improvements. We've reduced inventory year-to-date by over $160 million. So it's great to see the actions that we put in place starting to flow through in the reduction in working capital and seeing that come through free cash flow. So it really puts us in a great position exiting the year and going into next year. And as you mentioned, we returned to share repurchases in slightly here in the third -- back in the third quarter. And we're continuing to take a systemic approach to share repurchases here in the quarter and as we go into next year. But with the debt leverage ratio at 1.6x, which is on the low end of the target range, overall comfortable with the net debt cash position, but puts us in a nice position to really return to either returning capital to shareholders or as you mentioned, giving us capacity for M&A opportunities as they arise.
Bill Burns: Maybe just some comments on M&A. Overall, I would say that, as Nate said, returning capital to investors through share buybacks or M&A is to really good uses of capital for us. I would say that our M&A philosophy hasn't changed. It's really -- overall, it's to leverage and advance our vision and our strategy moving forward is how we think about it. We target specific opportunities that are really closely adjacent and synergistic to what we do today. Clearly, as you pointed out, the strong balance sheet gives us optionality to return capital or look at opportunities within M&A. I would say that the bar is a bit higher today even with the increase in free cash flow from the idea of doing something larger certainly would entail higher interest rates. And there's still a bit of uncertainty out there from a market perspective. So if we were going to acquire something, we'd want to be assured kind of the revenue stream coming in. So a bit higher bar at the moment. I think we're excited about our business as it exists today. And I think that disciplined M&A is how we think about it as a vector for long-term growth that we can use in addition to returning capital to shareholders through share buyback. So both are an option. I think we continue to look and be inquisitive in the marketplace from an M&A perspective, but it's got to meet our strategic vision.
Guy Hardwick: And Bill, just as a quick follow-up. I think in your prepared remarks, you referenced that the AI-enabled enterprise mobile computers will be showing -- you'll be showing those at the NRF show early next year. Does that mean that you are closer to commercialization, perhaps you would have thought just a few months ago when you -- we discussed this on the Q2 call?
Bill Burns: Yes. We -- I would say, yes. So we demonstrated our early version of AI companion really on mobile devices at NRF last year. This will be a continued advancement along those lines at NRF this year, working closely with our partners of Qualcomm, Google and some of our customers to continue to advance that opportunity. I think that this idea of a digital assistant on a mobile device, assisting the frontline worker that will drive productivity and really elevate the customer experiences. And we see this as being running the large language model on the device without requiring connectivities to the cloud. You can have connectivity cloud if you want or not. And a lot of our customers don't have a lot of connectivity out of their environments, think of retail stores, think of warehouses and others. So that's an advantage. And I think it's something that we're focused on and likely in 2025, what we'll see is some type of commercial offering from Zebra. We're working through what that really means from us, but I think it bodes well for us moving forward from working closely with our customers, making sure we're understanding how they're using and building large language models and their data, how do they protect that, how do they upgrade that, how do they keep it current within the mobile devices, and we're working closely with them to make that happen. So I think, yes, we're getting closer, continue our investment there and continue to move ahead with the development cycle in that area. And we're going to show a refresh demo at NRF that takes kind of the next level this year.
Operator: Our last question comes from Brad Hewitt with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Brad Hewitt: Thanks guys for fit me back in. It looks like you bumped up the Q4 implied sequential revenue growth by about 200 basis points. But you took down the implied sequential incremental EBITDA margins a little bit. So curious if there were any mix benefits in Q3 that you do not expect to occur in Q4? And how should we think about the puts and takes of the Q4 EBITDA margin line on a sequential basis?
Nathan Winters: Yes, Brad, as you mentioned, so if you look at our EBITDA guide of 22%, it's up just over 0.5 point from -- sequentially from Q3, and again, primarily driven by the volume leverage. And I think the real change is just the deal mix overall with the higher mix of large deals and some of the large deployments in North America that somewhat of a drag sequentially on gross margin, driving that down a bit. And OpEx relatively flat just based on some of the project timing. So and the majority of any incremental gross margin on a sequential basis is embedded within gross margin. So I think that's really the -- no other kind of -- I think Q3 obviously came through stronger just seeing all the different actions flow through on the higher volume. And then the real change from Q3 to Q4 is just the mix within the portfolio.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Burns for any closing remarks.
Bill Burns: Yes. In closing, I'd just like to say thank you to our employees and partners for their continued support and delivering strong Q3 financial results. It was about 10 years ago -- actually, 10 years ago this week, we closed the Enterprise acquisition. And I would say that our relentless focus on innovation and our continued commitment to our customers continues to drive differentiation for us in the marketplace and secure competitive wins. And I would say, we're well-positioned to advance our industry leadership as our end markets recover. So thank you. Have a great day, everyone.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-07-30 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Second Quarter 2024 Zebra Technologies Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions]. After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. Please note, this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mike Steele, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Mike Steele: Good morning, and welcome to Zebra's second quarter earnings conference call. This presentation is being simulcast on our website at investors.zebra.com and will be archived there for at least one year. Our forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and assumptions and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially and we refer you to the factors discussed in our SEC filings. During this call, we will reference non-GAAP financial measures as we describe our business performance. You can find reconciliations at the end of this slide presentation and in today's earnings press release. Throughout this presentation, unless otherwise indicated, our references to sales performance are year-on-year and on a constant currency basis. This presentation will include prepared remarks from Bill Burns, our Chief Executive Officer; and Nathan Winters, our Chief Financial Officer. Bill will begin with a discussion of our second quarter results. Nathan will then provide additional detail on the financials and discuss our third quarter and revised full year outlook. Bill will conclude with progress on advancing our strategic priorities. Following the prepared remarks, Bill and Nathan will take your questions. Now, let's turn to Slide 4, as I hand it over to Bill.
Bill Burns: Thank you, Mike. Good morning and thank you for joining us. Our teams executed well in the second quarter delivering sales and earnings results above the high end of our outlook. For the quarter, we realized sales of $1.2 billion approximately flat to the prior year. An adjusted EBITDA margin of 20.5%, a 70 basis point decrease, and non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $3.18, a 3% decrease from the prior year. As we discussed in our last earnings call, during the first quarter, we began to see modest recovery in retail and e-commerce. In the second quarter, we saw signs of momentum across other end markets, including healthcare, where we realized double-digit growth. Mobile computing returned to growth across each of our vertical end markets led by healthcare and retail. The growth in mobile computing was offset by declines across our other major product categories where year-on-year comparisons are more challenging and we were in earlier stages of recovery. Services and software saw modest growth in the quarter. While we are encouraged by early momentum and demand, we continue to see cautious spending behavior from our customers on large deployments which have not yet returned to historical levels. Another highlight was our sequential improvement in profitability due to improved gross margin and the benefits of our restructuring actions. Our plan to deliver $120 million of net annualized operating savings is on track and substantially complete. Given our second quarter performance, progress in our cost actions, and early signs of momentum and demand, we are raising our full year outlook for sales and profitability. I will now turn the call over to Nathan to review our Q2 financial results and discuss our revised 2024 outlook.
Nathan Winters: Thank you, Bill. Let's start with the P&L on Slide 6. In Q2, total company sales were approximately flat, reflecting early signs of momentum demand beyond retail and e-commerce. Our Asset Intelligence & Tracking segment declined 14.4%, primarily driven by printing and RFID on challenging prior year comparisons. Enterprise Visibility & Mobility segment sales increased 8.2% with double-digit growth in mobile computing partially offset by a decline in data capture solutions. We saw modest growth in services and software. Performance was mixed across our regions. In North America, sales decreased 7% with fewer large orders in retail and transportation and logistics, partially offset by strong growth in healthcare. In EMEA, sales increased 10%, driven by mobile computing. In Asia-Pacific, sales declined 3% with continued weakness in China and challenging compares in Australia and Japan, partially offset by growth in Southeast Asia. And sales increased 7% in Latin America led by Brazil. From a sequential perspective, total Q2 sales were slightly higher than Q1, with growth in nearly all product categories as we realized modest improvement in demand throughout the quarter in manufacturing, healthcare, and transportation and logistics. Adjusted gross margin increased 60 basis points to 48.6% as we benefited from cycling premium supply chain costs in the prior year in favorable effects. Adjusted operating expenses as a percent of sales increased 110 basis points. This was driven by normalized incentive compensation expense partially offset by approximately $25 million of incremental net savings from our restructuring actions. This resulted in second quarter adjusted EBITDA margin of 20.5%, a 70 basis point decrease versus the prior year, and a 60 basis point sequential improvement from Q1. Non-GAAP diluted earnings per share was $3.18, a 3.3% year-over-year decrease. Turning now to the balance sheet and cash flow on Slide 7. In the first half of 2024, we generated $389 million of free cash flow as we drove improvements in working capital. We ended the quarter at a 2.4x net debt to adjusted EBITDA leverage ratio, which is within our target range and we had approximately $1.5 billion of capacity on a revolving credit facility as of quarter end. We diversified our capital structure during the second quarter by issuing $500 million of senior unsecured notes, while retiring a receivable financing facility that matured in May. We also terminated our remaining interest rate swap agreements for $77 million of cash proceeds. We have been prioritizing debt pay down and now have increased flexibility given our lower debt balance and improved cash flow. Let's now turn to our outlook. For Q3, we expect sales growth between 25% and 28% compared to the prior year. This outlook assumes continued stability of demand trends across our major product categories with broad-based growth as we cycle easier compares across the business, including significant destocking activity by our distributors during the second half of last year. We entered the third quarter with a solid backlog and pipeline of opportunities. That said, we are not anticipating an increase in large order activity considering the conversion rates on our pipeline remain lower than historical levels as customers continue to be cautious in what remains an uncertain environment. We would like to see additional momentum in large orders before factoring in a stronger recovery. Q3 adjusted EBITDA margin is now expected to be between 20% and 21%, driven by expense leveraging from higher sales volume with benefits from restructuring actions partially offset by normalized incentive compensation expense. Non-GAAP diluted earnings per share are expected to be in the range of $3 to $3.30. We have raised our guide for the full year, reflecting our second quarter performance and early signs of momentum and demand. We now expect sales growth between 4% and 7% for the year and adjusted EBITDA margin to be in the range of 20% to 21%. Non-GAAP diluted earnings per share are now expected to be in the range of $12.30 to $12.90. Free cash flow for the year is now expected to be at least $700 million. We have been making progress rightsizing inventory in our balance sheet and improving cash conversion. Please reference additional modeling assumptions shown on Slide 8. With that, I will turn the call back to Bill.
Bill Burns: Thank you, Nathan. Zebra is well-positioned to benefit from secular trends that support our long-term growth. These include labor and resource constraints, track and trace mandates, increased consumer expectations, and the need for real time supply chain visibility. We help our customers digitize their environments and automate their workflows through our comprehensive portfolio of innovative solutions, including purpose-built hardware, software, and services. We empower frontline workers to execute tasks more effectively by navigating constant change in real-time through advanced capabilities including automation, prescriptive analytics, machine learning, and artificial intelligence. At our Innovation Day event in May, we demonstrated how we transform workflows across the supply chain to drive positive outcomes for enterprises across our end market. Our products and solutions are mission critical to enable visibility that consumers and enterprises now expect throughout the entire supply chain. On Slide 11, you will see Zebra solutions can touch a product 30x from its origination to the point of last mile delivery. Let's briefly walk through the journey with a few high level exams. In manufacturing, our machine vision solutions provide quality inspection and track and trace visibility throughout the process. In a warehouse, our wearable mobile computers, autonomous mobile robots and comprehensive RFID portfolio transform receiving, picking and shipping. As the product arrives at a store, associates are equipped with Zebra software running on our mobile computers to assist customers' stock inventory and fulfill online orders. And when an item is delivered to your home, you receive a notification and picture from Zebra's handheld device verifying on time quality delivery. As you'll see on Slide 12, our customers leverage our solutions to optimize workflows across a broad range of end markets. We empower enterprises to drive productivity and better serve their customers, shoppers, and patients. We are seeing Zebra's competitive differentiation in mobile computing solutions drive wins across our vertical end markets. Customers value the capabilities we embed in the software layer of our devices that they leverage to transform workflows and improve outcome. For example, we secured a mobile computing win with the commercial airline utilizing our mobile package dimensioning solution enabled through AI. Also, a North American retailer will leverage Zebra's work cloud collaboration software on their new wearable mobile computers, connecting their associates to drive better outcomes in their stores. Additionally, we are able to displace consumer cell phones at a European retailer with our mobile computers and Zebra's Identity Guardian solution. It provides multifactor authentication for a shared device environment that brings security, productivity, and convenience to the front line. It is also notable that mobile computing contributed to double-digit sales growth in healthcare. Over the past year, our teams have been successfully selling the benefits of our solutions and clinical mobility that empower caregivers while delivering lower total cost of ownership for hospital systems. We have been displacing consumer cell phones with our devices and there continues to be a long runway of opportunity for equipping more clinicians with mobile computers. In closing, we expect to see broad-based growth in the second half as we cycle much easier comparisons and benefit from momentum beyond retail. We maintain strong conviction in our long-term opportunity for Zebra as we elevate our strategic role with our customers through our innovative portfolio of solutions. Our sales and cost initiatives have positioned us well for profitable growth as our end markets continue to recover. I will now hand it back to Mike.
Mike Steele: Thanks, Bill. We'll now open the call to Q&A. We ask that you limit yourself to one question and one follow-up to give everyone a chance to participate.
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Damian Karas with UBS. Please go ahead.
Damian Karas: Hey, good morning, everyone. Congrats on the quarter.
Bill Burns: Good morning, Damian.
Damian Karas: Bill, I wanted to get your thoughts on what you suspect it's going to take to bring some of the larger project activity back into the fold, and maybe you could just give us a sense on, it sounds like you're not expecting much this year. How much upside to your guidance do you think there would be if you do in fact start to see a return sooner rather than later?
Bill Burns: Yes, Damian, I think that if we look back to Q1, we saw early signs of recovery, as we talked about last quarter in retail and e-commerce. We're certainly encouraged by the better than expected sales results in Q2, which really, we saw momentum, as we said around beyond retail really. And really, it was driven by mid-tier and run rate business. So large deal activity was pretty consistent in Q2 coming off of Q1, but still well below historic levels. So I think that we see customers overall continue to cite uncertainty to us in the market, their markets, their end markets, which really is reflecting in their purchasing behavior. I'd say that large deployments overall are being spread more to these mid-size deals or smaller deals, and being spread out over a longer period of time because of this, and I think ultimately, when they're placing small orders, they're placing those to add to their installed base or for new applications or expansion opportunities to-date. So I think that the pipeline of opportunities remains strong. I think there's optimism on the part of our partners and customers. I think we'd like to see more momentum in large orders. So we saw the first uptick in large orders in the first quarter kind of flat the second quarter. So we feel okay about that. We saw growth in mid-tier and run rate. I just think we'd like to see more large order activity to call a broader base recovery. So I think now we're seeing strength in mobile computing, strength across kind of large orders, medium and small. But we just want to see more large orders really from our customers. And I think it's just driven by their caution of what's happening in macro today.
Damian Karas: Great. That makes sense. And I just want to ask you on the cost front, it seems like there's been a pick back up in shipping rates, and I know that was a little bit of a headwind for you guys in past years. To what extent have you been maybe experiencing some of that cost inflation and maybe just talk through what's kind of in your guidance for the rest of the year? Thanks.
Nathan Winters: Yes. Damian, so we have seen a modest increase in rates due to whether that's some of the Red Sea issues or now with the stronger demand, particularly on the ocean rates. I'd say it's a modest impact in terms of incremental costs that we've included in our full year guide. But the team's again working several actions in terms of the different air modes, how we leverage cost off to improve transit time, as well as again working with our partners around the forecast for the remainder of year to get ahead of that, the second half demand and mitigate as much of that as possible. So there is absolutely seeing some increase, but I'd say it's pretty modest at this point and within our second half guide.
Operator: The next question comes from Jamie Cook with Truist Securities. Please go ahead.
Jamie Cook: Hi, good morning, and congratulations on a nice quarter. I guess, just my first question, I guess, what struck me in the quarter, your EVM margins were much better than I thought, and I think even better than your expectations. I think you were guiding to down margin sequentially. So can you just speak to the drivers behind that? I guess, that's my first question. And then I'll stop there and then I'll give you my second question after, I guess.
Nathan Winters: Good morning, Jamie. So, yes, if you look at overall gross margins at 48.6%, this is our highest gross margin quarter in three years, benefiting from the level of large deals. So the strength in run rate and mid-tier is a positive for gross margin in particular within the EVM segment. We're also seeing continued strength in our service and software margins again, which is heavily less more weighted towards EVM, as well as now fully rolling over all the premium supply chain costs. So again, I think it was part of that was just the strength in the quarter and really seeing the incremental volume fall through to the bottom line, driving the sequential improvement in gross margin both within EVM particularly.
Jamie Cook: Okay. And then I guess, just given the strength in the margin this quarter, and I mean, I don't think your EBITDA margin guide is now, what 20% to 21%, I think before it was about 20%. I'm just wondering why we wouldn't see better pull-through in the back half of the year, in particular with the top-line growth that you would see relative to declines or flat revenues in the second quarter.
Nathan Winters: Yes. If you look at our EBITDA guide for the third quarter of 20% to 21% again year-on-year, that's up primarily due to volume leverage, nearly 9 points. And I think we expect similar deal as well as business mix Q2 to Q3 such that you get a similar margin profile from Q2 to Q3. So if you look at the Q3 guide, effectively flat to Q2 based on that assumption of kind of the underlying mix of deals as well as the business unit mix gives us that similar profile. And I'd say the other really don't expect the same level of incremental benefits sequentially as we were able to realize some of the incremental benefits in Q2 from the restructuring actions. And then you do see that modest uptick implied in the guide for the fourth quarter on the incremental volume.
Operator: The next question comes from Tommy Moll with Stephens. Please go ahead.
Tommy Moll: Good morning and thank you for taking my questions.
Bill Burns: Good morning.
Nathan Winters: Good morning, Tommy.
Tommy Moll: First question on the large order activity. At this point where we're nearly through July, how fully baked are your customer budgets for this year? And at what point does the large deal conversation really start to become one centered around 2025, when a lot of the customer budgets are refreshed?
Bill Burns: I think that, Tommy, I'd say that customers continue to scrutinize their budgets even as we're well into the year, right? And I think that some of those have to do with, in the past, we've seen kind of year-end spending from our customers, but I think that the uncertainty around the economy is still kind of weighing on them in large deployments and what will happen in kind of second half of year here. So I think that we typically not have visibility quite yet into whether there'll be year-end spending by our customers. We're talking about certainly a pipeline of opportunities that they see. And then the question is, do they move ahead with those in late 2024 or into 2025. I think that from a macro perspective, whether it's interest rates or presidential election or manufacturing production, all those shipping parcel, parcels, shipments have just started to inch up and turn to more positive volumes or growth in volume. So I think all those kind of weighing on their business, and I think there's even though they've got budgets, it's kind of the reluctance to move ahead with those, really because of the macro factors overall. And I think that we'd expect those to continue to kind of stabilize. They can get more confidence in their business and then abate as we get into kind of second half year and into 2025. But I'd say, overall, many discussions with our customers regarding projects; it's really about just taking longer to kind of move those forward still. Now, again, we saw a large order activity about flat Q1 to Q2 overall, and we saw this pickup in mid-tier run rates. So these are all positive signs. Growth outside of retail, which we really saw in first quarter into a broader segment. Mobile computing was the first to decline and the first to return to growth we expected that. So I think everything's moving in the right direction. So I think that -- I think our customers just don't know for kind of year-end 2024 and into 2025, but we're optimistic, I would say, that everything's moving in the right direction.
Tommy Moll: And Bill, just from a competitive standpoint, is there anything that you've sensed having changed particularly in a large deal context where you've seen other market participants perhaps become more aggressive on price or whatever other factor?
Bill Burns: Yes. No, I would say that really the competitive environment hasn't changed a lot. Overall, we're certainly continuing to maintain share in the marketplace. We feel good about our differentiation that we bring to the marketplace with the depth and breadth of our solutions, our competitive advantages, scale, technology, leadership, our partner community, our go-to-market, our relationships with our customers. So the large deal, phenomenon not coming, not returned to historic levels is not really about Zebra. It's truly about the market. And we don't really see any mark change from a competitive perspective. We're always going to have competitors out there, large and small, and then that continues to be the case. So nothing there. And we feel good about our market position and continue to win in the market.
Operator: And the next question comes from Joe Giordano with TD Cowen. Please go ahead.
Joe Giordano: Hey guys, good morning.
Bill Burns: Good morning.
Nathan Winters: Good morning, Joe.
Joe Giordano: Bill, you had mentioned, I guess, it was last quarter that distributors were asking for more product than you were willing to sell because, but you were hesitant because you wanted to make sure you understood where it was going and try to prevent a future buildup of inventory that then needs to get liquidated again. Like, what's the update on that? Have you kind of started to give them what they're requesting?
Nathan Winters: Yes, Joe. This is Nathan. I can take that. I'd say overall, the global channel inventory as we look at it from days on hand is still at a normalized level. I think you have pockets around the world, where there's still a little bit of rebalancing both driving down inventory in the channel as well as where there's incremental needs. And I think similar to where we were last quarter, it's working with each one of those partners across the region to ensure that they have the appropriate level of inventory for the demand they're expecting and that we see in the pipeline. So again, it remains very collaborative. I'd say similar position where we were in Q1, where there's always some that want a little bit more. And again, just trying to make sure we have the right amount in the channel to support our end users, but not getting ahead of ourselves, given some of the uncertainty that we've talked about.
Joe Giordano: Fair enough. And then just if I could ask on some of your smaller businesses, can you give us an update on trends within like RFID and with Matrox and Fetch and maybe how you see those businesses in terms of like growth in size exiting this year?
Bill Burns: Yes. I can take that, Joe. I'd say, RFID challenging kind of second quarter on compares from cycling large opportunities a year ago. I would say that overall would expect return to growth in second half year. We're continue to -- we move into the second half really with strong backlog and pipeline of opportunities across not just retail but transportation, logistics, manufacturing. So we're seeing continued use cases across RFID, including moving beyond apparel to general merchandise inside retail. Clearly track and trace across the supply chain, parcel tracking within T&L, baggage tracking within airlines, so lots of opportunities across RFID. I would say machine vision. We continue to be excited about the opportunity within machine vision, challenging market at the moment. And our Matrox acquisition, when we acquired that asset, we knew was heavily weighted towards semiconductor equipment manufacturing, which is still a challenge segment as well. So decline in the quarter in machine vision, but we feel good about it overall. We saw strength in our Adaptive Vision acquisition. So software -- machine vision software in the quarter that was a bright spot. I'd say that the diversification of that business, which was our focus all along with the Matrox business diversify into areas like automotive and logistics into new areas. We also had our organic investment in machine vision, which really applies more to logistics area. That diversification is going well. Ultimately, we're calling on more customers. We're seeing more opportunities. We're continuing to invest in go-to-market across the globe in just seeing more opportunities is across machine vision. So we feel good about that in a great opportunity for Zebra overall. I'd say software -- our software assets, we're seeing the combination of our mobile devices, especially in the wearable space now with some of our assets in software that we're pretty excited about. So the word cloud solutions really focus on retail and then leveraging our mobile device in the hands of retail associates. And we continue to advance and bring those solutions together and combine that with things like wearable mobile computing. We've seen some early wins there. So we feel good about the portfolio. They're a smaller segment of the market, right, or, sorry, our not market, meaning smaller segment of our business overall or piece of our business. So really mobile computing returning to growth, other segments being more challenged. These are areas that we see as driving the future growth of Zebra.
Operator: The next question comes from Andrew Buscaglia with BNP. Please go ahead.
Andrew Buscaglia: Hey, good morning, guys.
Bill Burns: Good morning.
Nathan Winters: Good morning.
Andrew Buscaglia: Yes. So I want to get your thoughts on potential upgrades of devices, especially in 2025. Do you have any data you can share around the age of your installed base? Because presumably a lot of these devices were sold during COVID and we should start to see a natural need to upgrade these in the next year, I would think.
Bill Burns: I'd say overall we're, from a mobile computing perspective, I'd say that our customers have really been absorbing the capacity that they've built out during the pandemic more than anything else. So I think there's clearly continued upgrade cycles across all of our customers. But from the idea that they built out so much capacity during the pandemic that they're using that capacity today, and then as the economy slowed, that created even more capacity, so they're ever using that capacity off, I think we're seeing customers move into the idea that they've absorbed some of the capacity and are beginning to buy again. But that's kind of early signs of what we're seeing. I'd say that there's a solid pipeline of opportunities for mobile computing overall, both in kind of refresh new use cases continue to add to the number of devices inside our customer base. And we continue to see competitive wins across the portfolio. So I think the upgrades are out there, the refreshers are out there, and ultimately some customers are sweating assets a bit more, others are leveraging what they have today. And I think that we're confident that as the macro environment gets better, our customers will continue to upgrade our devices and we'll see an uptick in large orders within our business, which will marry with what we're seeing as kind of medium in run rate business growing in second quarter.
Andrew Buscaglia: Yes. Okay. Okay. And then you're raising your free cash flow expectations again and just kind of given where we are things looking to start to improve, and you probably have some confidence here. Where do you see capital allocation going into the year-end? Is M&A -- will see some M&A come to fruition before year-end? Or is there a focus more on share repurchase? Or how are you thinking about things?
Nathan Winters: Yes. So I think on the first part, again, please raise the guide for free cash flow to over $700 million, including the final settlement, as well as the swap sale in the second quarter. So -- and the improvement overall in working capital to get us above the 100% free cash flow conversion. And as you say, the -- really the prior -- we've prioritized debt paydown as well working on our capital structure in the first half of the year. So ending the second quarter just under our below the target range of 2.5x debt leverage, and that will sequentially improve as we move through the year. I think in terms of overall priority, they remain unchanged. The first is organic growth getting the business back to the growth trajectory we need it to be and want it to be along with the right profitability levels. M&A continues to be a lever. And I think now with the improved cash flow as well as our overall capital structure, we have additional flexibility for share repurchases as we move through the year. So Bill, you want to touch on the M&A brochure?
Bill Burns: Yes. I guess, I'd say that our M&A philosophy really remains unchanged. I think we continue to leverage M&A where it makes sense to advance our vision and our overall strategy. I'd say in the short-term, the bar is probably higher based on kind of macro uncertainty and then higher interest rates. But I would say that we continue to target select assets that ultimately are closely adjacent and synergistic to our business today. As Nate said, we've got a strong balance sheet and flexibility to continue to look at companies and we continue to be inquisitive. But the bar is higher at the moment.
Operator: And the next question comes from Meta Marshall with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Meta Marshall: Great. Thanks. Maybe a couple of questions, just on the healthcare strength that you saw. I know that that had been a relatively they had been in a more challenged spend environment. So just wondering, how broad-based that is. Is that kind of new project based or just any detail there? And then second question, EMEA looked like a source of strength for you guys. I think we've seen that across some other companies. And so is that a matter of, they're just coming from a very depressed environment. And so we're coming off of a lower base and that's where some of the EMEA strength is. Are you -- are there any trends in EMEA that you think are worth calling out? Thanks.
Bill Burns: Yes. So I'll start with healthcare and then jump to EMEA. Healthcare, I'd say overall, mobile computing drove the growth in healthcare. It really is our team's focus on clinical mobility and really total cost of ownership. We've seen in the past a significant number of consumer devices used in that space. And I think that we're seeing healthcare systems realize that the total cost of ownership of Zebra devices is well-positioned for them in an environment of tighter budgets and thinner margins overall within healthcare. And we add a lot of value, ultimately by improving productivity of healthcare workers, getting data into electronic medical record systems, and then ultimately enhancing patient safety overall. So I think the automating of workflows, the digitizing the information around assets and patients and staff is of value that our healthcare customers are seeing. I think a medium to longer-term opportunity we're now seeing is things like home healthcare that remains an opportunity for us. So things like tablets in that area, in home healthcare. So we're excited about that. Healthcare has always been a smaller piece of our business, but in one of the faster growing areas, and certainly that happened in Q2. I would say, if we move to EMEA, say overall strength in EMEA was relatively easy compare in Q2 compared to the other regions. Overall, the positive, I'd say in EMEA is that we saw some larger projects move ahead outside of retail. So this is one of the places where we've seen some growth in P&L outside of retail, and some competitive wins in EMEA. So we feel good about that. Manufacturing remains challenging in EMEA today. So I think that kind of mixed overall feel good about some P&L orders, large P&L orders, easier to compare where manufacturing makes challenging. So I think overall, I think we want to see North American EMEA, we'd expect to come out of this first, but we saw some strength in Latin America too. So I think mixed results across the region.
Operator: And the next question comes from Brad Hewitt with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Brad Hewitt: Hey, good morning, guys. Wolfe Research, not sure what happened there.
Bill Burns: Sorry, Brad. We missed the question. You broke up there during the question.
Brad Hewitt: Yes, sorry. So, just curious if you could elaborate a little more on what you're assuming in the second half from the top-line perspective. So at the mid-point of your full year guidance, it implies revenue in the second half, essentially flat with the Q2 run rate. So can you help me reconcile that versus kind of the early signs of momentum in mobile computing and also given the typical positive seasonality in Q4?
Nathan Winters: Yes. So if you look at our full year guide of 4 to 7 with a mid-point of 5.5, I think from a year-on-year perspective, really driven by what we see is double-digit growth in the second half demand, it's about 5 points for the year where again, if you look at the full year, a lot of moving parts where the destocking from last year accounts for about 7 points of growth. But then we had the challenging comps in the first half that offset that. So again, really the full year growth is driven by underlying strength in the business in the second half. As we said, we see modest demand increases across each of our vertical markets. That's inclusive of the Q2 beat. So I think we look at it as really the strength we saw in Q2 continuing into the third quarter. I think similar to how we structured the guide over the last several quarters of not anticipating or expecting sequential improvement. But what have we seen here in the most recent weeks and months? We see that continuing here in July in terms of that stability in the business, albeit at a bit higher level than we saw as we entered the second quarter with modest increase as we go into the fourth quarter. So as Bill highlighted before, typically a lot of the year-end spend that we see from our customers has leaned towards large orders in the past, and again, being thoughtful about how we embed those in the guide until we have more certainty and commitments from our customers on moving forward with those projects before including it for our full year guide. So I think, we think it's grounded in what we see today, given that visibility into the large deployments and appropriate.
Brad Hewitt: Okay. That's helpful. And then you guys have talked in recent quarters about your expectation for seasonally lower OpEx spend in the second half of the year. Just curious if you could kind of shine some more light on that. And then if we look at the implied Q4 EBITDA margins about 21%, can you talk about some of the puts and takes there on a sequential basis?
Nathan Winters: Yes. So if you look just historically, sometimes it is hard to see. But typically, as we go throughout the year, just based on when a lot of our trade shows, sales, kickoff meetings, timing of benefits, et cetera, tend to be more weighted towards the first half of the year. Then as you get into the back half of the year, you get into holiday seasons around the world, as well as some of the lower benefit costs as you go sequentially through the year. So I'd say a lot of the sequential improvement is timing-related now that we've kind of flushed through all of the restructuring benefits, or the vast majority of restructuring benefits through the P&L. And then look at the sequential improvement in profitability from Q3 to Q4 is really based on that slight improvement in OpEx, as well as the higher volume leverage flowing to the bottom line.
Operator: And the next question comes from Keith Housum with Northcoast Research. Please go ahead.
Keith Housum: Good morning, guys. Question for you on the software and services. With mobile computing being up double-digits, I guess, I would have expected a little bit of that flowing through more in software and services design as people sign up for their warranty contracts and things of that nature. Can you pass a little bit of light on the connection between the two and the modest growth that you had and that's in that line item this quarter?
Bill Burns: Yes. Keith, this is Bill. I would say that overall, we've seen consistent growth in software and services over the last several quarters. So we feel good about that. I'd say we continue to see strong attach rates with mobile devices. So the revenue lags that, of course, right? So ultimately, the strong attach rates continue with uptick in mobile computers. So no real change there. It's just not tied directly to revenue in the exact quarter depending on when the mobile devices are sold. So I wouldn't take anything away from that. We're continuing to see strong attach rates, really driven by things like upgrades around OS and security patches and so forth continue to be an important aspect of our customers buying service from us. I can say that we've seen in the past some customers extend their support agreements, and I think we're seeing a little bit less of that now, which is again a good sign for ultimately our customers looking to upgrade the mobile devices in the future. So maybe a little bit of less of that, if anything else. Overall, I'd say software and services, an important piece of our business, recurring revenue that we and others like. So I think all good there, nothing really to read into it, Keith.
Keith Housum: Okay. I appreciate that. And then just a follow-up, in terms of like, as most people are starting with here toward the refresh cycle of all the devices bought four or five years ago. How should we think about pricing today versus where it was, say, four years ago? Are people trading down to a lower mobile computer? Or as you think about most customers, is it relatively similar? But how do you think about pricing, what people are buying today versus four years ago?
Bill Burns: Yes. I think we're -- obviously, there's customers are making choices on the type of device they need in their environment. So I think that we continue to see that. So if somebody needs a more rugged device, and their experience was they had a lower tier device and they beat those devices up, they'll move to a higher tier device and you'll see the reverse. If they had a good experience with a more rugged device, could they go to a more mid-tier type device? I think that happens all the time. I think we continue to focus on value that the devices bring to our customers to keep ASPs as high as we can, and then if we can't, to make sure that we're getting the same gross margin out of each tier of the portfolio. In the past, we've tiered the portfolio kind of good, better, best, or all the way down to kind of value tier. And I think that's allowed us to keep our pricing and margins higher. So if you want a higher spec device, you pay us a higher price for it. In the early days, call it, eight, nine years ago of -- eight years ago, nine years ago on Android, we didn't have as many flavors of devices. So you're discounting higher end devices to meet value to your players. We don't do that today. We're really tearing the portfolio has allowed us to kind of have conviction around our prices at the higher end, and we feel good about our customers and working closely with them to select the right device for the right use case.
Operator: And the next question comes from Brian Drab with William Blair. Please go ahead.
Brian Drab: Hi, thanks. You mentioned that you're seeing sequential improvement in all the end markets, including T&L and manufacturing. There have been some signs of further softness across the manufacturing industry in recent weeks, and I'm just wondering if you are seeing any of that show up in your customers buying patterns or if it really does feel like a pretty stable sequential improvement environment now.
Bill Burns: Yes. I'd say that, as we talked about before, I think in Q1 we saw kind of retail and e-commerce first, and now we've seen mobile computer -- mobile computing kind of grow across each of the vertical end markets. So retail, manufacturing, healthcare, I'd say that, we're still seeing challenges in manufacturing and overall, demand, especially in a large deal isn't back to the historical levels that it's been in the past. But in manufacturing specifically, we saw sequential improvement from Q1 and Q2. But I still think EMEA, for instance, we're clearly seeing a challenge in manufacturing where I would say overall, I wouldn't call manufacturing back to normalized levels in any way. But I think we just saw some sequential improvement, which I think was good. Manufacturing is an important segment for us. We see we've got lesser -- we're lesser penetrated in through manufacturing. Our relationship with manufacturing, many times are more in the warehouse or the finished production and moving that through the supply chain and some of our new solutions around machine vision, rugged tablets, our demand planning solutions for CPG manufacturers, all play into having a broader portfolio for manufacturing. So we ultimately see that a segment for growth for us, but I think still challenging the short-term. We would say, we're seeing probably about the same as you're seeing.
Brian Drab: Okay. Thank you. And then for follow-up, are you seeing opportunities potentially to gain share when we come out of this tougher environment? I mean, you obviously have a great balance sheet. You're not letting up in terms of investment in technology and customer service. Can you comment on how you might be potentially better positioned in both AIT and EVM ultimately?
Bill Burns: I'd say that overall, we feel good about where we're at in our customer relationships. We continue to stay very close to our customers as we're a trusted partner to them. And I think that as the macro environment gets better, I think we would say that they will begin to buy again, especially, and we'll see large orders improve as we continue to solve growth in medium and run rate in second quarter. The installed base continues to grow. And I think that from that perspective, I think that we're seeing increased use cases across our customer environment. So some are still sweating their assets that will shift. They can't do that forever. So I think overall, we see the momentum in demand continuing and then continue to broaden both by vertical market to your first question, and then by size of order and order activity across small, medium and large type orders.
Operator: And the next question comes from Rob Mason with Baird. Please go ahead.
Rob Mason: Yes. Good morning, Bill and Nathan. The strength in the gross margin, I think has already been commented on. But as you think about when large orders do come back, how should we be thinking or how are you thinking about sensitivity in the gross margin profile today versus, say, maybe 2018, 2019? Have you done anything different structurally around either your supply agreements or just as you mentioned, Bill, tiering the portfolio that would suggest the gross margin holds up better? Or does it have that kind of return to maybe 2018, 2019 levels when large orders come back?
Nathan Winters: Yes. Rob, I'd say just if you look, I would say, no structural difference in terms of maybe the differential between the margin we'd expect on a large yield versus kind of the run rate business. So that hasn't structurally changed. The one thing, if you go back, I think the one aspect, particularly if you go from 2019 -- since 2019, whether that's tariffs, the supply chain, challenges the rapid growth. So it's pretty challenging to find what's the right baseline. And if you go back to 2018, right, so I'm just the lower rev -- lower base. So I think, if you look at the business today, I think the strength across the portfolio is -- we have strength across the portfolio in terms of the underlying gross margin and being able to leverage the scale and leverage our distribution network as we've grown to inherently build a higher gross margin profile company. But again, I think it will be somewhat decremental as we in gross margin once large deals recover, but still incremental, as you think about it from a EBITDA rates. So I think there's the balance of -- there's still incremental margin to the total -- to the bottom line, but slightly dilutive in gross margin.
Rob Mason: I see. And just to go back on the regional discussions, my math, and maybe this is not totally right, but it did look like North America stepped down a little bit sequentially. If that is the case, just any color that you could provide on what you saw there.
Bill Burns: Yes, Rob, North America was down year-on-year. I'm not sure it's sequentially -- down sequentially as well. Nate's warning to me, I would say, overall mobile computing return to growth in North America, again, just like we saw across the other regions. So that clearly was positive. The other product categories were down, as a year ago, in first and second quarter, we saw supply chain challenges abate from a print and a scanning perspective. So the compares were pretty challenging for both those businesses. They had really good Q1 and Q2s of last year. So I think that impacted North America. In North America typically has an overweight on large deals as well. So growth in North America, we really like to see kind of run rate, mid-tier and large deals because the large deals are overweight typically in North America. So we saw kind of flat sequentially, as we said before, large deal activity, Q1 to Q2. And really, North America would like to see more large deal activity come back here in kind of second half, and then hopefully some year-end spend and then growth into 2025. So that's really the story of North America.
Operator: And the next question comes from Jim Ricchiuti with Needham. Please go ahead.
Chris Grenga: Hi, good morning. This is Chris Grenga on for Jim. Most of my questions have been addressed, but maybe just one for me. The chart with the touchpoints is very helpful. Just wondering, as you look ahead to seeing larger projects return, are you preparing for large project activity to be in any one of these particular nodes, whether it's factory, warehouse store, or last mile, et cetera, or do large projects generally entail a broad coverage of one or many of those nodes, or just how you're thinking about that? Thank you.
Bill Burns: Yes. I think we see large deals typically across the portfolio, so that it's all about kind of size and scale of customers. So in retail, it'd be larger -- the larger retailers that would refresh and have refresh cycles or upgrades or larger orders across the portfolio that we do a multiple store upgrade, refreshing to a new device for instance. In transportation logistics, you'd see things like the fleet of last mile delivery drivers as an example. Upgrade across transportation logistics, or postal workers around the globe would be examples of large opportunities. So I think we see them across each one, they're a bit different. In manufacturing, it's more location by location or plant by plant, as opposed to large deal activities, would see in retail where they do multiple stores at once, or T&L, where they do an entire fleet of drivers or postal. So it's a bit different by nodes. So manufacturing more broken down by site, retail more, multiple stores at once, T&L more larger deployments, I would say, healthcare more, more like manufacturing, not as large a hospital systems more kind of hospital at a time or multiple hospitals at a time, but not those large refreshes. So I'd say large refreshes and upgrades more tied to retail and T&L.
Operator: And the next question comes from Guy Hardwick with Freedom Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Guy Hardwick: Hi, good morning. Zebra issued some --
Bill Burns: Good morning.
Guy Hardwick: Good morning. Good morning, all. Zebra issued some very interesting press releases regarding working with Qualcomm to run LLMs on Zebra mobile computers, but without the requirements to kind of regular uploads to the cloud. So I was just wondering, Bill, just how close is Zebra to kind of a broad-based introduction of these kind of AI digital system products in mobile computing?
Bill Burns: Yes. So we think of AI across the portfolio in several different ways. First is that just our core business really is about collecting real-time data, and that's used as kind of intelligence to feed AI models overall. So whether that's a barcode reading a printed label with the information on it back into the cloud, whether that's an RFID tag being read. So the idea of digitizing a customers' environment, getting real time data to AI models, and ultimately to generate insights in AI is a fundamental thing we do in our -- the value of our data that we collect feeds these models. So I think that's kind of the baseline of when we think about AI. Second is traditional, more traditional AI is used about probably in 50 different solutions across the portfolio today, whether that's optical character recognition or product recognition, navigation for autonomous mobile robots, package dimensioning inside our software around workforce planning and demand forecasting. So traditional AI is kind of the second piece that we think of across the portfolio. The third is what you're kind of referring to is the idea that it's AI assistant, right? Is that empowering the frontline worker through more information, leveraging a large language model on the device without connectivity to the cloud? Working closely with Qualcomm and Google, as you mentioned, to go do that. We've demonstrated that it -- at our National Retail Federation Trade Show in January. We demonstrated again at our Innovation Day. We also demonstrated at Google's Trade Show earlier this year as well. So I think we're excited about that opportunity. Today, it's not commercialized yet. We're continuing to work closely with our customers to really understand all the use cases, what's required around that. How do we best leverage which model in that case, how do we keep the model up to date? So a lot of different discussions with our customers about what that offering will look like. But we're excited to work with Google and Qualcomm on it. Our customers excited about having a digital assistant within retail or manufacturing. You think of all the use cases of making your newest worker as good as your most experienced worker, having all of your standard operating procedures at the hands of the associate or the frontline worker, being able to tie that back to what's the source of the data being restricted to the individual customer. So we think it's a driver long-term for our mobile devices and a differentiator for us. But today, still early days, more pilots and demonstrating and working with customers than commercialization.
Guy Hardwick: If you don't mind just me pushing a little bit on that. I mean, in terms of commercialization, is it a 2025 timeframe or beyond that?
Bill Burns: Yes, no, likely -- like we're going to have more demonstrations around it that we're planning today with some of our customers at the National Retail show as we go the next step along with it next year in 2025, and then probably commercialization in likely in 2025 as I would see it today.
Guy Hardwick: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And the final question comes from Rob Jamieson with Vertical Research. Please go ahead.
Rob Jamieson: Hey good morning, Bill and Nathan. Congrats on the quarter.
Bill Burns: Thanks, Rob.
Rob Jamieson: Just wanted to kind of ask more of a high level question around and go back and revisit M&A and add an adjacencies. I mean, you all have a great installed base and a lot of market share across your various verticals. As we think about you adding adjacencies and what you've done recently, adding things like Fetch and Matrox and other markets, given the comfort that your customers have with you, do you think that as we return to like a more normal environment that will kind of, you can leverage that and your customers be more comfortable maybe deploying a new solution, something more kind of like advanced like Fetch or Matrox in their operations.
Bill Burns: I think that clearly are strategic relationships with our customer creates an opportunity for us to deploy a broader set of solutions within those customers. That, that trusted partnership allows us to go do that. I think the backdrop of the environment hasn't been all that great. So machine vision is a good example of that. It's been kind of a challenging market and then our diversification just takes time where we were centered really around more semiconductor manufacturing and moving outside of that. So -- but that is -- our customers are giving us an opportunity to sell solutions in that space because we have a relationship with them already. I think we're seeing the same thing across retail software and robotics, as you mentioned. So clearly it matters. Our breadth and depth of our current portfolio, the relationship we have with them, the fact that we're a trusted partner to them; it's not always the same persona. So it's not -- I wouldn't say it's easy. Meaning we've got to get from our current buyer of our solutions and the person who deploys our solutions today to someone else within the organization. So if we're working with somebody inside a manufacturer more on the distribution of products at the end of the manufacturing line, we now need to form a relationship with somebody on the manufacturing line for things like machine vision solutions to stick with that example. So it's not easy, but it's certainly doable. And our -- because of our trusted relationship, they're willing to make that introduction. And then we've got to earn our way in and prove our solutions into that manufacturing space. But we're given that opportunity because of those relationships.
Rob Jamieson: That's helpful. And I appreciate it. And then to the extent that you're willing to share, just as you talked about adjacencies and things you're looking at in the portfolio, is there anything either high level or specific that you're looking at the moment, just especially as your leverage is getting to an attractive point here. Thank you.
Bill Burns: No, I think that again, it's -- we think of assets that are closely adjacent to the portfolio overall, and really synergistic to what we do today. We'd like to do things in the similar vertical markets for the reasons we just talked about. So all that comes into play. And then ultimately, as I said before, a little bit higher hurdles at the moment, given the macro uncertainty to make sure that if we were going to acquire something, or the certainty of revenue, and then ultimately higher risk interest rates weigh down on that a little bit. So I think overall, we continue to be inquisitive. It's got to be the right asset and the right fit for Zebra.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Burns for any closing remarks.
Bill Burns: Yes. I'd like just to wrap up by saying thank you to our employees and partners for continued support of Zebra and execution in the second quarter. We're now positioned for growth in the second half year. So have a great day everyone. Thank you.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-04-30 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the First Quarter 2024 Zebra Technologies Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note, this event is being recorded. 
 I would now like to turn the conference over to Mike Steele, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead. 
Michael Steele: Good morning, and welcome to Zebra's first quarter earnings conference call. This presentation is being simulcast on our website at investors.zebra.com and will be archived there for at least 1 year. Our forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and assumptions and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially, and we refer you to the factors discussed in our SEC filings.
 During this call, we will reference non-GAAP financial measures as we describe our business performance. You can find reconciliations at the end of this slide presentation and in today's earnings press release. Throughout this presentation, unless otherwise indicated, our references to sales performance are year-over-year and on a constant currency basis. 
 This presentation will include prepared remarks from Bill Burns, our Chief Executive Officer; and Nathan Winters, our Chief Financial Officer. Bill will begin with a discussion of our first quarter results and strategic actions. Nathan will then provide additional detail on the financials and discuss our second quarter and full year outlook. Bill will conclude with progress on advancing our vision. Following the prepared remarks, Bill and Nathan will take your questions. Now let's turn to Slide 4 as I hand it over to Bill. 
William Burns: Thank you, Mike. Good morning, and thank you for joining us. As expected, our first quarter performance was impacted by continued broad-based softness across our end markets and regions, which we began to experience in the second quarter of last year, resulting in a double-digit decline in sales and profitability. However, we are beginning to see a modest recovery in demand as we saw sequential improvement from the fourth quarter. We are particularly encouraged by the better-than-expected large order activity, which drove the upside for the quarter. That said, we are not yet seeing a broad-based recovery. And as a result, we continue to take an agile approach to navigating the current environment.  
 We also delivered another quarter of sequential improvement in profitability as a result of our restructuring actions and improved gross margin. Services and software were a bright spot in the quarter with improved sales and profitability, helping to offset the year-on-year sales declines across all product categories.  
 For the quarter, we realized sales of $1.2 billion, a 16.8% decline from the prior year, and adjusted EBITDA margin of 19.9%, a 150 basis point decrease and non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $2.84, a 28% decrease from the prior year. We are pleased with the progress we have made on our previously announced actions to improve profitability and drive sales growth as our end markets recover. Our restructuring plans to deliver $120 million of net annualized operating savings is on track to be completed midyear. 
 On the supply front, we made substantial improvement in our working capital driven by our renegotiation of long-term supply commitments and ongoing work to drive down component inventories with our contract manufacturers. We have also driven both tactical and strategic sales initiatives, including reallocation of resources to accelerate growth. Given the progress on our actions, we are raising our full year outlook for sales, margin and free cash flow.  
 I will now turn the call over to Nathan to review our Q1 financial results and discuss our revised 2024 outlook. 
Nathan Winters: Thank you, Bill. Let's start with the P&L on Slide 6. In Q1, sales decreased 16.8% with declines across our regions, major product categories and customers of all sizes. Services as a Software were a bright spot in the quarter, with growth driven by increased units under support contract and retail software wins. Our Asset Intelligence & Tracking segment declined 25.3% primarily driven by printing.  
 Enterprise Visibility & Mobility segment sales declined 11.8% with relative outperformance in mobile computing. Our Asia Pacific region saw the steepest sales declines led by continued weakness in China. From a sequential perspective, total Q1 sales were 16% higher than Q4 as distributors had completed their destocking process by year-end and we realized modest improvement in demand.  
 Adjusted gross margin increased 60 basis points to 48.1% supported by higher services and software margins and cycling premium supply chain costs in the prior year, all of which were partially offset by expense deleveraging from lower sales volumes. Adjusted operating expenses delevered 230 basis points as a percent of sales. The impact was mitigated by approximately $25 million of incremental net savings in the quarter from our restructuring actions. This resulted in first quarter adjusted EBITDA margin of 19.9%, a 150 basis point decrease versus the prior year and a 450 basis point sequential improvement from Q4.  
 Non-GAAP diluted earnings per share was $2.84, a 28% year-over-year decrease. Interest expense contributed to the decline, offset by a lower adjusted tax rate. Turning now to the balance sheet and cash flow on Slide 7. We generated $111 million of free cash flow as we begin to realize benefits from reducing inventory levels. We ended the quarter at 2.6x net debt to adjusted EBITDA leverage ratio, which is slightly above the top end of our target range. And we had approximately $1.3 billion of capacity on our revolving credit facility as of quarter end, providing ample flexibility.  
 Let's now turn to our outlook. For Q2, we expect sales to decrease between 1% and 5% compared to the prior year. We entered the second quarter with a solid backlog and pipeline of opportunities, particularly for mobile computing in retail and e-commerce. This outlook assumes a modest improvement in demand trends across our major product categories, with mobile computing and the EVM segment returning to growth as we cycle easier compares.  
 We anticipate Q2 adjusted EBITDA margin to be slightly above 19% driven by expense deleveraging from lower sales volume with the benefit from restructuring actions and lower premium supply chain costs, offset by normalized incentive compensation expense. Non-GAAP diluted earnings per share are expected to be in the range of $2.60 to $2.90. We have raised our guide for the full year, reflecting our progress on actions to drive sales and profitability as our end markets have stabilized. 
 Although there is optimism from partners and customers regarding recovery in the second half of the year, we would like to see additional momentum in large orders before factoring in a broader recovery. We now expect sales growth between 1% and 5% for the year, with adjusted EBITDA margin now expected to be approximately 20%. Non-GAAP diluted earnings per share are expected to be in the range of $11.25 to $12.25. And we now expect our free cash flow for the year to be at least $600 million, including the impact of our final $45 million settlement payment in the quarter.  
 We have been making progress rightsizing inventory in our balance sheet and improving cash conversion and have been prioritizing debt paydown in the near term. Please reference additional modeling assumptions shown on Slide 8. With that, I will turn the call back to Bill. 
William Burns: Thank you, Nathan. As we look longer term, we continue to be well positioned to benefit from secular trends to digitize and automate workflows for our customers. We remain focused on elevating Zebra as a premier solutions provider through a comprehensive portfolio of innovative solutions and our go-to-market ecosystem. Zebra empowers workers to execute test more effectively by navigating constant change in real time through advanced capabilities, including intelligent automation, machine learning, prescriptive analytics and artificial intelligence.  
 As you see on Slide 11, our customers leverage our solutions to optimize workflows across a broad range of end markets. We empower enterprises to increase collaboration and productivity and better serve their customers, shoppers and patients. In March, at the MODEX Manufacturing and Supply Chain trade show, Zebra, along with our partners, showcase our expanded portfolio of solutions that are modernizing workflows across the broader supply chain.  
 Managing operations has become complex with increased consumer expectations for inventory visibility and same-day deliveries. The event provided an opportunity to demonstrate how we improve key outcomes such as production quality, supply chain agility and capacity utilization. Machine vision was one of the many solutions we featured where we have enhanced our capabilities to address emerging use cases. We continue to build our market presence with a few notable wins.  
 A large state-owned European logistics company recently invested in thousands of Zebra machine vision cameras to enhance the speed and efficiency of inspections of government bonds and transaction documents. Additionally, an Asian manufacturer incorporate our machine vision cameras and frame grabbers, into their product sorting and quality control processes. This solution is significantly faster and more accurate than the previous manual approach.
 At HIMSS, the leading Global Healthcare Conference, Zebra and our partners demonstrated how our solutions improve the patient journey from check-in to bedside point-of-care as well as medical equipment track and trace. Additionally, the University of Maryland Health System shared how they are utilizing our clinical communications platform, which includes our mobile computers and work cloud software.  
 I'd also like to call out a win with a North America hospital network, who recently implemented thousands of Zebra printers, specifically enhancing its specimen tracking and labeling processes. These printers integrate with the electronic health record system facilitating noticeable organizational improvements across departments. Zebra's reputation for ease of use helps secure this win.  
 Recent wins in retail, demonstrate how customers are driving productivity, improving asset visibility, enhancing the experience for associates and shoppers. The European retailer selected thousands of Zebra mobile computers to replace their legacy devices from a competitor. The customer plans to pair our new mobile computers with their Zebra mobile printers to improve their price markdown, labeling and online order-picking processes.  
 The North America-based retail department store chain enhanced thousands of Zebra mobile computers by incorporating our device tracking software. Prior deployment of this software, the retailer experienced issues with misplaced devices in stores and fulfillment centers, resulting in wasted time and resources. Additionally, a North American grocer has expanded their installed base of Zebra mobile computers with thousands of additional units and implemented our work cloud software. The solution is expected to enhance operational efficiency among associates, improve employee communication and streamline inventory management within their stores.  
 On Slide 12, we highlight secular trends that we expect to support long-term growth for Zebra as we drive value for our customers. These include labor and resource constraints, real-time supply chain visibility, track and trace mandates and increased consumer expectations. We are hosting an innovation day on May 14 at our headquarters near Chicago where Nathan and I will be joined by other members of our leadership team to discuss how we digitize and automate workflows to drive positive business outcomes for customers across our end markets.  
 In closing, as we look forward to a long-term opportunity for Zebra, our conviction in the business remains strong. We continue to elevate our strategic role with our customers through our innovative portfolio of solutions while our cost and go-to-market actions are positioning us well for profitable growth as our end markets recover.  
 I will now hand it back to Mike. 
Michael Steele: [Operator Instructions] 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from the line of Jamie Cook with Truist Securities. 
Jamie Cook: Nice quarter. I guess first question, can you just call out how much freight helped the first quarter lower freight cost? And then what's implied in the guide relative to how you guided last quarter?  And then I guess just my second question. The gross margins in the quarter struck me, in particular, the sorry, the EVM margins, which were up year-over-year. And so I'm just wondering if you could help us understand what drove the gross margin improvement on the sales decline there? 
Nathan Winters: Yes. So, Jamie, I'll take that. So if you look for the -- particularly the freight in Q1, it was about 1 point year-on-year improvement just given the cycling through, now that we fully neutralize the premium supply chain costs between the operational actions and the price increases. So year-on-year, that was about 1 point of benefit in the quarter.  
 Yes, I'd say the other drivers for the relative strength in Q1 was both from the slightly higher volume as well as some favorable mix. Along with the service and software profitability and the strength we saw there, which is primarily in EVM, which is, I think, driving the benefit both sequentially as well as relative to our guide in the quarter. 
Jamie Cook: And then just a follow-up, sorry, the larger order activity that you talked about in the quarter, which obviously isn't in the guide, and I guess would reflect some conservatism in the guide? If that continues, I mean, what's preventing you from putting that in that -- in the guidance if that continues, how would we think about the sales guidance relative to your sales growth of 1% to 5% ex-FX? 
Nathan Winters: Yes. I think as we stated, we've seen some improvement in demand, particularly in mobile computing and retail, which drove the beat in Q1 as well as what we're expecting to see come through for the remainder of the year, driving the raise for the full year from 1% to 3%.  
 And so the way we think about the full year was we'd expect Q3 to look very similar to Q2, which looks similar to Q1, just in terms of run rate and trajectory, which as they maintain that relative strength in some of the large orders we've seen come through in the first quarter. But I would separate that from what we have yet to see, I'd say what's still kind of waiting to look at is the larger mega deals, mega deployments, that's still not coming through. The deal sizes are still in the, let's say, $1 million to $5 million range, some of the initial phases of the deployment.  
 So that's what you see carry through for the remainder of the year and inflected in the guide, but not that uptick in terms of the larger deployments. 
Operator: The next question comes from Damian Karas with UBS. 
Damian Karas: I was wondering if you could maybe elaborate a little bit on the large order activity, which you spoke? Could you give us a sense, right, is this sort of 1 or 2 customers that are placing rather large orders or are you kind of seeing just your larger customer base in general, start to bring back a larger quantity of project activity? If you could just maybe elaborate and provide any detail like which end markets and regions you're seeing some of these larger orders as well? 
William Burns: Yes. I'd say overall in Q1 and into -- as we entered '24, we've really seen demand stabilize and we've seen modest improvement in large order activity overall. And it's been particularly in mobile computing, and it's been specific to retail as they've kind of wrapped up their year. So we're certainly encouraged by the better-than-expected sales results in Q1 as a result. And we'd expect modest improvement in demand as we continue to progress throughout the year. 
 However, H2 is -- the growth there is primarily driven by lapping through the prior destocking activity that we've seen. So overall, I think as we anticipated, mobile computing is the first place that we're seeing recovery. We're seeing it in retail. Both of those were the first to be impacted coming through the cycle with COVID. And what we'd like to see is more visibility and momentum in order activity beyond what we've seen so far.  
 And I think we'd like to see it move from retail to T&L and manufacturing in other verticals before we'd call it kind of a broad-based recovery. 
Damian Karas: That's really helpful. And then a follow-up question on your guidance, just maybe ask a little bit differently. I know you guys have spoken of, right, this really large funnel, but just kind of a lack of conversion to orders. Guidance sort of has you sequentially second half sales comparable to the first half. Could you just tell us like what you're assuming for that funnel conversion, kind of a probability of some of those projects hitting in the back half? 
Nathan Winters: Yes, I'd say the -- as I mentioned earlier, really the second half, I would call it, grounded and based on what we see today, both in terms of the orders velocity, what we're seeing in terms of being sold out through the channel as well as the conversion rates that we've experienced now over the last 2 quarters.  
 I'd say still lower conversion rates on our pipeline than we would have historically assumed based on what we experienced in the second half. But again, aligned with what we've experienced over the past 2 quarters. I think the big difference is, we're not assuming, we're making an assumption around a mega deployment just given that we've yet to see kind of firm commitments from our customers. There's a lot of optimism, discussions around those. 
 But in terms of committing to move forward those projects or ensuring that they have the budget available in the year, that really remains the uncertainty and the way you look and see the second half look very similar to the first half because that's what we're experiencing and what we're seeing play out in the market. We think that's appropriate for the guide for the year. 
Operator: The next question comes from Keith Housum with Northcoast Research. 
Keith Housum: In terms of Asia Pacific region, obviously, underperformed compared to the rest of the company. And I understand China is challenged right now, but perhaps can you just expand a little bit on what you're seeing here? And expectations for us and the pressures perhaps be a little bit longer lasting versus short-lasting? And just more color about the performance in that area, please? 
William Burns: Yes. I mean, Keith, it's Bill. I think that overall, the Q1 performance was continued to impact by soft demand across all of the regions. So I think we start there. I think that as we've said, the relative outperformance was really in mobile computing, and we saw some bright spots in services and software clearly in the quarter. 
 I would say the regions pretty much look the same, except Asia was, as you said, impacted probably more through the declines in China. I would say that we see Asia overall having China continued to a longer recovery for the China market. We've seen some bright spots again, in retail, again, in larger orders in Australia and New Zealand. So that was a positive for the Asia market.  
 I think we continue to see opportunities outside of China. So Southeast Asia and India with the investments in manufacturing there. We continue to see Japan as the longer-term opportunity for us as we're making investments there, and we have lower share there than other places. But I think we expect that China continue to remain a challenging moving forward. 
Keith Housum: All right. And just as a follow-up, Nathan, in terms of adjusted EBITDA, a little bit decline in the guidance you've given for 2Q versus 1Q. Sequentially, how should we think about the moving parts and the reason for a little bit lower adjusted EBITDA margins in the second quarter? 
Nathan Winters: Keith, as you mentioned, our Q2 guide slightly above 19%, so down from the 19.9% in Q1. That's entirely driven by the seasonality of our retail software business, which you probably recall, but is seasonally higher in Q1 at accretive margins, just given the timing of retailers when they've performed their cycle counts and physical inventories, which is where that platform really focuses.  
 So that's the adjustment from Q1 to Q2. And the way I'd characterize it is the Q2 guide is fairly in line with how we've structured the full year going into it. I think Q1 was benefited by some of the cost actions coming in earlier, giving us confidence in the remainder of the year as well as some of the benefits in just a bit of -- a little bit better mix and revenue start of the year.  
 So -- but then Q2 in line with where we expected the year to play out and the sequential decline is entirely driven by the seasonality of our retail software business. 
Operator: The next question comes from Tommy Moll with Stephens. 
Thomas Moll: You've given us some context on the omnichannel retail and e-commerce end markets, but I wanted to ask for any other detail you could provide. In particular, on the e-commerce side, there are some anecdotes regarding finally hitting the end of this absorption phase from some of the overbuilding in years past. Are you seeing any signs of that on your side? 
William Burns: Yes. I would say that overall, retail relatively outperformed, as we've talked about already. And we're seeing encouraging signs, right? We saw some modest year-end retail spending across Q4 and Q1. Some customers clearly have absorbed the capacity and it begin to buy again, as you've kind of referenced, Tommy. 
 We've also seen some of the pushouts that took place in last year and really over the last 18 months or so, begin to come back. So we've seen those projects as we expected and we talked about for a long time, those projects will come back. What we've seen mostly is initiating of really Phase 1 of those projects and the customers not quite ready to commit to the full deployment.  
 So we've seen deployments that in the past would have been larger, even larger orders and full rollouts immediately, now a more conservative, let's start with that project, but roll it out over time and complete the deployment kind of later in the year. So we have confidence that there'll continue to be a recovery. I think we anticipated retail would recover first, followed by T&L and manufacturing and health care, and we're seeing that play out.  
 And we also anticipated, it would be mobile computing first as well, and that's what we're seeing. So the bright spots are really mobile computing and retail, retail and e-commerce. That capacity is being used off, retailers are beginning to bring those projects back, but they're doing it in a very measured way. And I think what we want to see is, retail, T&L, manufacturing, more of the vertical markets come back and more of that order activity, even more than we're seeing today and the uptick in orders before we call a broad-based recovery. 
Thomas Moll: That's helpful. As a follow-up, I wanted to ask about the channel inventory levels. It sounds like there really wasn't any noise from a destocking perspective in the first quarter. But I'm curious what's your view on how many days on hand in the channel currently?  
 And if you think historically, do we sit today below what that historic level is? And does that imply at some point there may need to be a restock? 
Nathan Winters: Yes, Tom, I think ending the Q1, somewhat to exit in Q4 that the global channel inventories measure that on a days-on-hand basis is normalized to support the current demand. So I'd say within the range that we'd expect on a global basis, there's puts and takes if you go by region and product families. So I think a nice improvement from where we were just 6 to 9 months ago.  
 And as you said, I think, no meaningful impact in the quarter or assumed in the full year guide in terms of changes -- relative changes in the distribution inventory levels. 
Operator: The next question comes from Brad Hewitt with Wells Fargo. 
Brad Hewitt: So you just talked about a return of some of the project deferrals from last year. I guess, how would you describe your pipeline and sort of overall visibility versus 6 months ago? It kind of feels like visibility across the space has been generally trending in a positive direction, but just any color on how your visibility looks relative to history would be helpful. 
William Burns: I'd say that overall, we'd expect orders -- customer orders that continued to resume overall. I think that as I just talked about with Tommy's question, we've seen customers absorbing the capacity that's previously been built out. That's been more, again, focused on retail and e-commerce as opposed to the other verticals so far. I would say that the macroeconomy, kind of the uncertainty around that abating will certainly help as well. We're viewed as a trusted partner of our customers, and we're staying close to them across each of the verticals as we would see this order momentum picking up across other verticals as we progress through the year. 
 We've got a large installed base, right? We're growing solutions. So we're continuing to work with our customers as well. Kind of on new solutions and new use cases. So overall, I would say that we anticipated large deployments kind of starting to come back. We anticipated in retail. We want to see more of that across manufacturing and T&L.  
 As I said, we'd like to see more of it to in kind of different size deals, so mid-tier and run rate deals come back a bit. But I would say, overall, we're -- our engagement with customers have been encouraging. There's certainly uncertainty remains around timing of some of the projects. I think Nate covered that earlier. And I think it's reflected in our year-end outlook overall. 
Nathan Winters: You see it in the pipeline in terms of where the deals are at in the deal stage. So you qualify versus where we'd like to see them more in the validate secure. So earlier stages of the funnel, particularly in the second half, than where we'd like to see it at this point in the year or relative to what we've maybe seen in prior years. 
Brad Hewitt: Okay. That's helpful. I think you guys had some retail orders that you expected to convert to revenue at the end of Q4 that were pushed into Q1. Would you be able to quantify the magnitude of that deferral? And then when you talked about the uptick in the large order activity on the retail side, was that inclusive of some of that year-end spending? Or was that a separate bucket? 
William Burns: I would say that year-end spending across retailers that their years and differently, whether it's the truly year-end or into first quarter. So I think we typically see orders that bridge both on an annual basis. So I don't think there was much that move between Q4 and Q1 as much as just customers need product before they have their year-end from a retail perspective. 
 And again, I think those are all encouraging signs, whether it was Q4 or Q1 to us, the retailer start beginning to buy again. And I think we continue to want to see more of that momentum. I would say that even those orders are measured. You know what I mean, so it's -- it was year-end spending, but it was the first phase of a project, and we want to see those continued projects moving forward, and we believe they will. 
 So I would say nothing really in movement of Q4, Q1 as much as just normal activity around that, where some customers in retail ended the true year-end, December 31 and others in the first quarter. 
Operator: The next question comes from Jim Ricchiuti with Needham & Company. 
James Ricchiuti: Maybe I missed it. Did you comment about the activity you're seeing in the SMB market? Is that -- is the recovery you're seeing in ports to retail, also impacting that part of the business? 
William Burns: I would say that SMB would fall kind of in this mid-tier to run rate business. And I think we've seen, again, more recovery in large opportunities. I think we're seeing optimism clearly on the part of our partners and our distributors. That business will continue to progress and get better through the second half year. 
 But I think at the moment, we have not seen the uptick we've seen in large orders across mid in run rate business, which really falls in this SMB category. So I'd say not yet. I would say there's optimism on the part of our partners, but I think that we want to see more of that. As large orders typically are the first to decline or the first to recover, retail was the first to pull back, and now we're seeing it first to recover.  
 And I think that SMB, call it, mid-tier and run rate business will follow. 
James Ricchiuti: Got it. How would you characterize the RFID business in the quarter, level of activity you're seeing and just the trends in that business, we're starting to see more activity, it sounds like on the T&L side with the big customer moving out of the distribution center into the package delivery side of the business? How would you characterize RFID for you? 
William Burns: Yes. I would say RFID, clearly, we see as an opportunity in across multiple verticals now, not just retail and retail apparel, where it was originally focused and we're clearly seeing opportunities across track and trace and supply chain. You mentioned parcel tracking with the transportation logistics, airports and airlines with baggage tracking inside manufacturing work in progress in tools and over. So a whole series of different applications we're seeing, quick-serve restaurants. 
 Clearly, the move ahead of large retailers like Walmart or UPS smart package initiatives are causing others to continue to look at what they're doing in RFID and move things along across multiple industries and verticals. Zebra has the broadest and deepest set of RFID solutions in the market today. So whether it's fixed or handheld readers, industrial and mobile printers, our software that we utilized to -- for reads and locates and then our labels printed through our printers.
 So we've seen strong growth across the portfolio over the past few years. We continue to see the drivers being the fact that the technologies continue to improve with greater rerate accuracy across the development of new tag types that make that more efficient in the reading of the tags. I think we're seeing more software applications being available today of serving these different markets. 
 We're -- clearly, overall, the idea that the number of tags, I think what excites all of us is the fact that readers follow tags, right? So from our perspective, that the adoption of tags and source tagging of items at that point of manufacturing, the number of tags being sold is certainly going to allow more applications of those tags in customer environment. 
 So we remain excited about this space overall, and I think we're going to continue to see growth across RFID. 
Operator: The next question is from Joe Giordano with TD Cowen. 
Joseph Giordano: Just -- I know people are hesitant to lay out big capital still, like you said a couple of times. But as you get into like next year, just considering the large-scale increase in your installed base that happened in the immediate aftermath of COVID. Like should we be thinking refresh cycle is kind of like in play for 2025? 
William Burns: I think overall that the EMC clearly, across mobile computing is really what you're talking about in kind of large refresh cycles. And as I've said a couple of times already, we're seeing that as the first signs of recovery. And really in retail to start, I think that the customers in have begun to absorb their capacity, certainly in e-commerce. We'd like to see that happen across T&L as those customers build out a lot of capacity as well during the pandemic.
 And we'd like to see manufacturing be a bit more healthy in the idea that moving from a services-based economy to more goods-based economy overall. I'd say that the refresh cycle, our sales teams are focused on that with our customers. And ultimately, mobile computing -- mobile computers are essential that are operation, they have worked with us across multiple generations of products. We've got a healthy pipeline of opportunities, but we'd want to see those move ahead through this year and into next year, as you described.
 So clearly, there is a refresh cycle out there. The embedded base is larger than it's ever been that's people that deployed more applications for mobile devices in their environment. So the installed base is larger. So those will continue to refresh and every customer is on a different cycle. So I think that whether you're talking about a postal environment in a specific country or a G&L provider or a larger retailer. 
 What we have seen is that even in retail, these larger orders have been more measured as I talked about, so haven't been large scale, as Nate described in kind of mega deals, they've been smaller in size and rolling out over time. We'd expect probably that same thing will happen in places like T&L. So I think it will be a measured overall recovery. And I think we feel that we've got a strong base to continue to refresh, but it's going to take time. 
Joseph Giordano: Fair enough. And then maybe just shifting to the balance sheet quickly. With your key markets, at least we get the data magnitude of recovery, but it seems like deterioration has kind of stopped. It was good to see you pay back some debt here. Cash flow looks strong. So is there an appetite for buybacks to kind of increase your leverage on a recovery as you come out of this? 
Nathan Winters: Yes. As you mentioned, we finished the quarter at a little over 2.5x leverage ratio, so slightly above the target range. That begins to move back within the range, particularly as we roll through Q3 of last year. Today, we feel like we have ample flexibility with the revolver. As you mentioned, we are prioritizing debt paydown just given the debt leverage ratios and the current interest rate environment, but we do plan to reassess buybacks as the year progresses, particularly in the second half. 
Operator: The next question comes from Andrew Buscaglia with BNP Paribas. 
Andrew Buscaglia: So I just want to check on -- you commented on the guidance. You're seeing a sequential step down in margin seasonally. It seems like -- the comment on the Q3 looking more like looking similar to Q2, just to clarify, you're talking about run rate on sales? And then what about margins? Because it does seem like you're expecting some lift in Q4. I'm wondering what's behind that. 
Nathan Winters: Yes. No, you're absolutely right. So the comment on Q3 similar to Q2 was on -- from a revenue perspective, we do expect an uptick in margin as we go through the year. Some of that just similar to what we talked about in the last call, which is phasing of some of the incremental cost actions that will be coming through late this quarter and early part of Q3 as well as our, say just normal project timing between things, like payroll taxes and just the typical funding cycle with -- as you get into Q3, Q4, you get into holidays, so it tends to be a little bit of a downtick in terms of just seasonal spend. 
 So I think there's no magic bullet there in terms of the actions we need to take in order to deliver that sequential improvement from Q3 -- into Q3 and Q4. 
Andrew Buscaglia: Okay. And then maybe along the lines of Joe's question, heading into your cash flow is improving, you raised it a bit. What about M&A now? I think the software story has been nice. It's helping you lately. So what's the environment like as you see it with deals? 
William Burns: Yes, I'll take that, Nate. I would say that organic growth continues to be our first priority overall. I think our M&A philosophy really hasn't changed much. We're clearly targeting assets that are clearly adjacent and synergistic to our portfolio today, as you've seen us acquiring kind of these adjacent and expansion areas. We have a strong balance sheet, obviously, that could support that over time here.
 I think in the short term, there's clearly a higher bar as -- given the macro environment and the debt leverage that we're at today. So I think we'll continue to be inquisitive and look what's out there. I think we see it as an opportunity to be strategic and add to our portfolio, products and solutions that we have in the marketplace. And I think that in the short term, I think it's just a higher hurdle. 
Operator: The next question comes from Brian Drab with William Blair. 
Brian Drab: So clearly, I just want to clarify one thing. So clearly, you're seeing the recovery in retail, and you said you expected that to play out this way where retail comes back before manufacturing and T&L. Are you -- does that mean that you're not seeing recovery in manufacturing and T&L yet or that the recovery in retail is just stronger at this point than those 2 categories? 
William Burns: Yes, I would say that we're not seeing it there yet. I would say that the T&L customers are clearly still absorbing capacity built out during the pandemic and that they're continuing to take actions to optimize their operations overall. I would say that manufacturing is impacted by the broader market trends of uncertainty.
 And clearly, still a services-based economy versus a goods-based economy. But I think overall, our value proposition remains strong in both markets. We've got strong relationship across T&L. And I think that we'll see them continue to buy again once the capacity is built out. I would say manufacturing is an opportunity for us. Overall, as customers continue to buy again, they are -- will invest in automation and things like traceability and resilient supply chains. 
 Those themes haven't gone away, but we've seen just a conservative nature of spending based on the uncertainty. So that represents an opportunity for us. I would say that manufacturing unlike T&L is kind of underpenetrated for us, that there's an opportunity for us. And we've got new solutions within manufacturing, so like a machine vision, robotics automation, our demand planning strengthens our offering there as those markets recover. 
 So -- and we've also shifted additional sales resources through this to manufacturing. So I think that we expected retail was the first to decline. It's the first to recover. T&L and manufacturing will follow. I would say we've got strong relationships across T&L, but lots of opportunities there when it does recover. And manufacturing will continue to be a focus area for us because we see it as an opportunity longer term. 
Brian Drab: Okay. And then I wonder if I could ask a question this way. You have that good slide that you used where you talk about the core and the adjacencies and expansion markets and growing expected longer-term mid-single, high single and low double digit, respectively. I'm just wondering, in your outlook for the next year, can you frame it in terms of those 3 categories, what you're expecting for growth in those 3 categories? 
William Burns: I'd say overall that it's hard to predict where each is going to end up. I would say, overall, the core and mobile computing has become -- is recovering first. I think each has a different dynamic. So I think that things like tablets and others in the expansion categories will be closely connected to things like mobile computing. RFIDs in that category, and that will continue to be an opportunity.
 I would say, if you think of the kind of last circle to that, software and our services business had a positive quarter in Q1 overall. So I think that's more recurring revenue-based. Machine vision has been challenged in the short term with areas like semiconductor and manufacturing being down. So I think it varies by each segment. I think there's gives and takes in each. 
 I think the core mobile computing first, the others still down, but will recover. I think in the adjacencies, RFID and others will be bright spots. And I think software was a bright spot, but machine vision challenge in the short term, robotics still rate at its infancy. So I think kind of mixed across those, but I think that it's going to be -- all will recover over time. It's just different time frames for each. 
Operator: The next question comes from Meta Marshall with Morgan Stanley. 
Meta Marshall: I think you alluded to this in kind of the replacement cycle question earlier in the call. But just any trends between kind of mobile computing and printing as we think about kind of some of these renewal cycles coming up? 
 And then maybe a second, you haven't touched on the health care market. That's clearly been an area of expansion for you guys. Just any investment or kind of progress that's been made on that opportunity? 
William Burns: Yes. I'd say that as we talked about mobile computing clearly showing the first signs of recovery as expected, and we talked through that a fair amount. I would say that in printing, we saw kind of broad-based declines, but has stabilized now in Q1. There was a difficult compare in Q1 for both printing and DCS as a year ago, first quarter '23, we saw supply chain challenges abate in both those areas. So we shipped a lot of printers and scanners in the quarter a year ago. So the compares were pretty tough. 
 I would say that in printing specifically, clearly still challenged by the softer macroeconomic conditions and then particularly by manufacturing, but I would say stabilized overall. We'd expect that recovery in printing and scanning would follow mobile computing as we kind of talked about. Specific to health care, I would say that impacted by the same trends, the broader market overall, clearly tighter budgets in margins within health care, we would see that we continue to drive productivity solutions within health care which allows health care providers to be more efficient, which is certainly appealing to them on tight margins and clearly to enhance patient safety. 
 We see home health care is an opportunity for us. So we're clearly seeing some of our partners address that market. So think of tablets as an example around home health care opportunities. So I think we see optimism. We were at the HIMSS trade show, which was well attended in Q1. The largest retail show as we mentioned in the script earlier. But I think that we've seen optimism on the point of our partners and our customers just like the other verticals in manufacturing and T&L, we'd like to see more of that optimism turn into real orders like we're seeing in retail. 
Operator: The next question comes from Rob Mason with Baird. 
Robert Mason: Bill, you've touched on it a couple of times, just the run rate business, you haven't necessarily seen signs of recovery there yet. I would just want to see if you could put a finer point on the expectations there for the year, just in the context of your overall guide -- sales guide up 1% to 5% relative to the -- maybe the large deal side of the business? 
William Burns: Yes, I would say that our thought is probably relatively flat. I think we expected large deals to recover first. We expect mid-tier in run rate to recover after as we've talked about already. I think there's been a lot of optimism on the part of our partners and our distributors in this area, and we just want to see more progression, I think, more than anything else. That's kind of where we're at. 
 We typically -- large deals are the first to decline and then followed by mid-tier and run rate because run rate is kind of the longer tail. And I think we're going to see that same thing in recovery. We haven't seen it yet. So I think that, that's the challenge we're seeing. I wish the visibility was better through the year. 
 And I think consequent with our guide, is that we're kind of guiding to what we see from a visibility perspective, and we just haven't seen the recovery in mid-tier or run rate yet. And the optimism is out there, the opportunities seem to be there, everybody wants to go after it. We just need to see more of it really happen and turn the worse. 
Nathan Winters: Yes. I think, Rob, you said that play when you say the flat, right kind of Q1 to 2 to 3 in terms of overall revenue. Flat, just because that's what we see in terms of the trajectory across all the different categories of business without seeing an inflection point of a dramatic uptick. Again, that's how we feel it. That was the appropriate guide based on what we're seeing today across all those different categories. 
Robert Mason: Yes. Understood. And then just as a follow-up, Nathan, could you tell us what the placeholder you have slotted into the guidance for debt reduction is for the year? 
Nathan Winters: I would assume that the vast majority of the cash -- the $600 million of free cash flow will either go to debt pay down, maybe a little bit in terms of held in cash at some modest interest rate, but the vast majority would go to debt pay. 
Operator: The next question comes from Ken Newman with KeyBanc Capital Markets. 
Kenneth Newman: Most of my questions have been asked, but I just wanted to ask a longer-term higher-level question. Obviously, you've got some very significant operating leverage implied for the back half, and I think that's mostly just on easier comparisons on the volume side.
 As we think about maybe returning more towards a normalized operating environment, how do you think about the run rate operating leverage or the run rate incremental EBITDA margins, just given all the cost-out initiatives that you've executed on? Would you think that structurally higher than what we've seen in past cycles? Or is that still too early to tell? 
Nathan Winters: Yes. As we mentioned, obviously, the volume leverage or the margin expansion in the second half is highly correlated with the increased volume along with -- coupled with the restructuring actions we took throughout last year. And really, for us, the target was to get back to above 20% as the baseline so that we can grow and scale from there. And I think still too early to tell in terms of what exactly that framework looks like. 
 I'd say historically, we've going to look at 30% incremental decrementals in a normal quarter, quarter in, quarter out. Fundamentally, the business hasn't changed in terms of what you would expect. Over time, we'd expect that to be a little bit greater as we scale some of these new emerging markets like machine vision or software that have inherently higher gross margin. 
 But I think that's probably the best way to think about it now until the dust settles and we get to some normalcy both from a year-on-year as well as a sequential perspective. 
Operator: Thank you. This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Burns for any closing remarks. 
William Burns: Yes. I'd like to thank our employees and partners for the stronger-than-expected start to the year and positioning Zebra to return to growth in the second half of the year. We look forward to seeing analysts and investors at our Innovation Day in 2 weeks. Have a great day, everyone. Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q4  (2024-02-15 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2023 Zebra Technologies' Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. Please note, this event is being recorded. I'd now like to turn the conference over to Mike Steele, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Mike Steele: Good morning, and welcome to Zebra's fourth quarter conference call. This presentation is being simulcast on our website at investors.zebra.com and will be archived there for at least one year. Our forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and assumptions and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially, and we refer you to the factors discussed in our SEC filings. During this call, we will reference non-GAAP financial measures as we describe our business performance. You can find reconciliations at the end of this slide presentation and in today's earnings press release. Throughout this presentation, unless otherwise indicated, our references to sales performance are year-over-year on a constant currency basis and exclude results from acquired businesses for the 12 months following the acquisition. This presentation will include prepared remarks from Bill Burns, our Chief Executive Officer; and Nathan Winters, our Chief Financial Officer. Bill will begin with our fourth quarter results and actions we are taking. Nathan will then provide additional detail on the financials and discuss our 2024 outlook. Bill will conclude with progress we are making on advancing our Enterprise Asset Intelligence vision. Following the prepared remarks, Bill and Nathan will take your questions. Now let's turn to Slide 4 as I hand it over to Bill.
Bill Burns: Thank you, Mike. Good morning, and thank you for joining us. Today, we will discuss our results, the demand environment and progress and actions we are taking to optimize our cost structure and drive sales as demand recovers. As expected, our fourth quarter performance was impacted by continued broad-based softness across our end markets and regions, which resulted in a significant decline in sales and profitability. For the quarter, we realized sales of $1 billion, a 33% decline from the prior year, and adjusted EBITDA margin of 15.4%, a seven-point decrease and non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $1.71 a 64% decrease from the prior year. Although we experienced declines across all product categories, services and software were a bright spot in the quarter. From a sequential perspective, we realized Q4 sales growth from Q3 as demand trends stabilize. Overall profitability was primarily impacted by expense deleveraging on lower sales volumes, in a charge to renegotiate a supplier contract. However, as a result of our cost restructuring actions and inventory management initiatives, we realized a significant sequential improvement in profitability and free cash flow. Turning to Slide 5. I'd like to update you on our actions to address and mitigate the impacts of the current demand environment and position ourselves for long-term growth. As referenced in our earnings release, we have expanded the scope of our previously announced cost reduction plan and now expect $120 million of net annualized operating savings, an increase of $20 million from our last update which we expect to implement by mid-2024. Our previously announced actions were substantially completed in the fourth quarter enabled us to realize approximately $50 million of savings in 2023. On the supply front, we continue to work with our contract manufacturers to draw down component inventories, and we are substantially complete with renegotiations of long-term supply commitments. In Q4, we renegotiated 2021 agreement with a key electronic component supplier, incurring a $10 million expense. The revised agreement cancels a portion of the multiyear volume commitment and increases purchasing flexibility. We have also reallocated resources to accelerate growth in underpenetrated markets, including Japan, along with government and manufacturing sectors and to address new automation use cases with RFID and machine vision. We expect our actions to improve profitability and drive sales growth as our end markets recover. We saw double-digit declines across each of our end markets for both Q4 and full year as many customers navigate a challenging environment and absorb capacity they built out during the pandemic to address the spike in e-commerce activity. On Slide 6, we highlight secular trends that we expect to drive long-term growth including labor and resource constraints, real-time supply chain visibility, track and trace mandates and increased consumer expectations. These are all focused areas in my conversations with our customers. Entering 2024, distributor inventories are aligned with current demand. Although we are seeing some improvement in order activity, we are not yet seeing any signs of a broad market recovery and remain cautious in our planning. Consequently, we continue to take an agile approach to navigating this uncertain environment and remain disciplined with respect to our cost structure and capital allocation. I will now turn the call over to Nathan to review our Q4 financial results and discuss our 2024 outlook.
Nathan Winters: Thank you, Bill. Let's start with the P&L on Slide 8. In Q4, sales decreased 33% with distributor destocking accounting for more than one-quarter of the decline. We saw double-digit sales declines across our regions, major product categories and customers of all sizes. Our Asset Intelligence and Tracking segment declined 33.6%, primarily driven by printing. Enterprise Visibility & Mobility segment sales declined 32.7% led by data capture and mobile computing. On a positive note, we drove services growth with strong attach and renewal rates. From a sequential perspective, total Q4 sales were $53 million higher than Q3 despite a similar magnitude of distributor inventory destocking due to modest improvement in demand. Adjusted gross margin decreased 100 basis points to 44.6% and primarily due to expense deleveraging from lower sales volumes and the $10 million charge mentioned earlier associated with the renegotiation of a supplier agreement, all of which were partially offset by higher services and software margin and cycling premium supply chain costs in the prior year. Adjusted operating expenses delevered 670 basis points as a percent of sales. The impact was mitigated by more than $20 million of net savings in the quarter from our restructuring actions. This resulted in fourth quarter adjusted EBITDA margin of 15.4%, a 710 basis point decrease. Non-GAAP diluted earnings per share was $1.71, a 64% year-over-year decrease. Increased interest expense contributed to the decline offset by a lower tax rate from executing on a global tax strategy. Turning now to the balance sheet and cash flow on Slide 9. We ended the quarter at a 2.5x net debt to adjusted EBITDA leverage ratio which is at the top end of our target range. We generated $102 million of free cash flow in Q4 and had approximately $1.1 billion of capacity on our revolving credit facility as of year-end, providing ample flexibility. For the full year 2023, negative free cash flow of $91 million was unfavorable to the prior year, primarily due to lower operating profit, higher interest and tax payments restructuring actions and previously announced settlement payments, all of which were partially offset by lower incentive compensation payments. Let's now turn to our outlook. We entered 2024 with distributor inventory levels aligned with recent demand trends and improved backlog driven by modest year-end budget spending into January from certain retailers. For Q1, we expect a sales decrease between 17% and 20% compared to the prior year. This outlook assumes continued declines across our major product categories, particularly printing and a 50 basis point favorable impact from FX. We anticipate Q1 adjusted EBITDA margin to be approximately 18%, driven by expense deleveraging from lower sales volume, partially offset by lower premium supply chain costs. Non-GAAP diluted earnings per share are expected to be in the range of $2.30 to $2.60. Q1 sales and profitability are expected to sequentially increase from Q4 as distributor inventories and end market demand has stabilized, and we have realized incremental benefits from cost actions. For the full year 2024, we expect sales to be in the range of a 1% decline and 3% growth. Although we are beginning to see signs of improvement in order activity, we are not yet seeing signs of a broad market recovery. Consequently, we are taking a cautious approach to our guide until we have increased visibility to a sustained recovery in demand. Adjusted EBITDA for the full year 2024 is expected to be approximately 19%. We expect our restructuring actions and other profitability initiatives to drive improvement through the year delivering EBITDA margin of 20% in the second half. We remain cautious in our spending and continue to take an agile approach to navigating the environment. We expect our free cash flow in 2024 and to be at least $550 million, including the impact of our final $45 million settlement payment in Q1. We remain focused on rightsizing inventory on our balance sheet, driving 100% cash conversion over a cycle and prioritizing debt pay-down in the near term. Please reference additional modeling assumptions shown on Slide 10. With that, I will turn the call to Bill to discuss how we are advancing our Enterprise Asset Intelligence vision.
Bill Burns: Thank you, Nathan. As you look towards the long-term opportunity for Zebra, our future is bright. Our solutions remain essential to our customers' operations, and we are well positioned to benefit from secular trends to digitize and automate workflows. We are focused on advancing our Enterprise Asset Intelligence vision by elevating Zebra as a premier solutions provider through a comprehensive portfolio of innovative solutions that demonstrate our industry leadership. We empower workers to execute tasks more effectively by navigating constant change in near real time, utilizing insights driven by advanced software capabilities such as intelligent automation, artificial intelligence, machine learning and prescriptive analytics. By transforming workflows with our proven solutions, enterprises can improve the experience of frontline workers and customers. As you can see on Slide 13, customers leverage our technology to optimize workflows for the on-demand economy. Our solutions empower enterprises to increase collaboration and productivity and better serve their customers, shoppers and patients. I would like to highlight some recent wins by our team. A leading North American retailer selected 30,000 Zebra mobile computers and our device tracker solution for customer order fulfillment in fresh food inventory tracking. This competitive win was secured by our ability to deliver higher productivity along with superior data capture performance and network connectivity. A North American retailer refreshed 60,000 mobile printers and related accessories to enable frequent product pricing updates across various locations. This retailer has a long history with Zebra across our broad portfolio, demonstrating the value they see in our hardware and software solutions coupled with our exceptional post-sale support. A European postal service purchased more than 10,000 Zebra mobile computers to facilitate proof of delivery and package tracking. This organization's decision to replace a competitor was driven by superior product performance and enhanced cybersecurity features. A European field service organization, providing public housing repairs selected Zebra for both mobile computers and tablets to replace consumer devices that had been in place for three product generations. Zebra secured the win by demonstrating a customer-first strategy by addressing their unique facial recognition and authentication challenges. And finally, a large retailer in our Asia Pacific region selected Zebra scheduling software to be utilized on Zebra mobile computers. Zebra solution was selected over our competitors based on the capabilities of our software and our trusted partnership. Slide 14 highlights Zebra's value proposition for retailers which was showcased at the National Retail Federation trade show in January. Alongside our partners, we demonstrated how our innovative solutions help retailers solve their most pressing challenges and drive increased performance by optimizing inventory, engaging associates and elevating the customer experience. As retailers address e-commerce growth, the expansion of anywhere fulfillment and consumers' demand for hyper convenience Zebra solutions provide a performance edge for retail associates. Our demonstrations included next-generation checkout solutions with machine vision, loss detection with RFID, a mobile computing, AI assistant along with other innovative solutions. In our booth, Office Depot shared how our solutions address their workflow challenges. This includes Zebra's workforce optimization software boosting operational efficiency of associates and delivering faster buy online, pick up in store, order fulfillment. The combination of Zebra software and mobile computers is driving associate productivity and engagement along with improved customer satisfaction. In closing, our long-term conviction and our strong business fundamentals remain unchanged, and we are well positioned to benefit from trends to digitize and automate workflows. We are elevating our position with customers through our innovative portfolio of solutions, while our cost and go-to-market actions are positioning us well for profitable growth as our end markets recover. I will now hand it back to Mike.
Mike Steele: Thanks, Bill. We'll now open the call to Q&A. We ask that you limit yourself to one question and one follow-up so that we can get to you as many as possible.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And today's first question comes from Tommy Moll with Stephens. Please go ahead.
Tommy Moll: I believe it was Bill who made the comment about the need to absorb some excess capacity in the e-commerce landscape and I'm curious, based on your discussions with end users in that ecosystem. Do you have any visibility into when most of that capacity will be absorbed? Is there any assumption in your 2024 outlook about a return to more normal levels of spending there?
Bill Burns: Yes, Tommy, I think that we've clearly seen that retail IT budgets have been under pressure and the retailers overall certainly sweating assets, but also this idea of customers absorbing capacity, not just in e-commerce but also in transportation logistics as well. And they built out significant capacity during the pandemic, believing that ultimately the growth trajectory would continue off those rates. And now, we've seen kind of a reset in both e-commerce continuing to grow, obviously, but -- and parcel delivery both kind of resetting to pre-pandemic levels and growing from there. So we've seen some positive signs in the e-commerce side where some of that capacity has been used off and that we're beginning to see orders for from those e-commerce providers that need and have continued demand now. So we're seeing that coming to an end on some of the e-commerce providers. We're seeing across transportation logistics, still challenge in volumes of parcel delivery. And we're seeing the T&L providers really taking this as an opportunity to kind of restructure their businesses and think about how to be more effective and more efficient in their delivery mechanisms. We saw the same in e-commerce over the last year plus, but I think we're coming through it in e-commerce. Still P&L challenge there is we're continuing to see is the results in the -- around parcels being still remain challenged. So I would say, coming to an e-commerce but still challenging in the build-out across e-commerce -- around, sorry, trends.
Tommy Moll: Yes. And one point I wanted to clarify, Nathan, I think in your comments, you talked to an improving backlog in January and that there were certain retail-related orders that drove that. But could you correct the record there, if I got it wrong and just give us any more detail there?
Nathan Winters: Yes. No, Tommy, I think if you look, we did in the quarter, I'd say, back at pre-pandemic levels entering the quarter from a backlog perspective, where it was a little bit more depressed as we went into Q3 and Q4. And that was primarily driven by some of the uptick we saw in year-end spend that we were able to ship here in the early part of Q1, driving some of the sequential improvement from Q4 to Q1. So, I think again, not to the backlog levels we were at a few years ago, during maybe peak of the supply chain challenges, but definitely a sequential improvement with some of the incremental volume as well as getting our inventory in the channel right-sized. So again, we feel good about the backlog we have entering the first quarter relative to the guide.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Brad Hewitt with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Brad Hewitt: So, the Q1 guidance midpoint looks to imply a slight uptick sequentially on the top line, excluding the Q4 destock headwind. But then your full year guide seems to imply revenue remains relatively flat sequentially as we progress throughout the year. So just curious, if you could talk about how you see underlying demand progressing through the year? And do you see the potential for orders in the pipeline conversion rate to improve as we exit '24 and into 2025.
Nathan Winters: Yes. Maybe I'll start with just kind of the framework for the guidance. So yes, you're right. If you look at our Q1 guide, down 17% to 20% sequentially, that does improve from Q4 as we are not assuming any additional distributor destocking. So that drives the vast majority of the sequential improvement, again, along with the some uptick in demand that we saw particularly around year-end spend. And then if you look at the full year guide of 1% at the midpoint as you noted, if you look we expect Q2 to look similar to Q1 with the modest sequential improvement as we move through the second half. And as we talked about in the prepared remarks, I think we're cautious given the lack of visibility and the commitment to the pipeline in the second half. So if you look kind of again at the balance of the year, as you noted, really the growth is entirely driven by the 2023 destocking with the market flat, maybe down a little bit in Q2, up a little bit in the second half. And we think that's appropriate given the visibility we have around the demand environment.
Brad Hewitt: Okay. That's helpful. And then you've talked in the past about how you typically tend to gain share coming out of downturns. Could you talk about how you see the opportunity for share gains as we turn the page to and kind of where you see the lowest hanging fruit in terms of potential share gains going forward?
Nathan Winters: I would say that overall, talking to our customers and spending a lot of time with our customers and partners through NRF that clearly, our customers see that there's tremendous value in what we do for them each and every day to make their businesses more effective and more efficient and to literally run their businesses. So, we see the opportunities across each one of our vertical markets as we see really retail likely returning first is where continuing to work with them as they've been holding off and sweating assets within their environments and our engagements with NRF, certainly, we've seen optimism by our retail customers in the second half of the year. We marry our mobile devices there with our software solutions. And what we talk about is really resonating with them around our modern store initiative. We see that in transportation logistics, our value proposition remains really to help our customers with things like labor constraints and additional supply chain visibility across their businesses and we're excited about opportunities there within opportunities in technologies such as RFID as they look to get more to productivity across their businesses. We've got the MODEX trade show coming up in transportation logistics, Expo coming up next month here. And will showcase our solutions to across transportation logistics. We've talked about manufacturing has really been an opportunity for us is that we're less penetrated in that market, and we've got new solutions around machine vision and robotic automation and our demand planning software offering inside manufacturing. So we see that as an opportunity for us. And then lastly, health care, as we continue to see ways to automate workflows and digitally connect assets and patients and staff within the health care environment. We see home health care and telehealth being an opportunity. So, there's lots of opportunities across each one of the vertical markets. We'd probably say that retail is a place that we've seen some of the positive year-end spending first. And then I think the other vertical markets will follow.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question today comes from Meta Marshall with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Meta Marshall: Great. Maybe first question. Just -- you noted that the headwind from destocking was about the same in Q4 as in Q3. I think we had expected it to be slightly smaller understanding that's largely behind us. But just was that amount of destocking kind of greater than expected in Q4? And then maybe as a second question, obviously, the interest rate environment is maybe a little bit friendlier now your balance sheet, your interest rate is relatively heavy on your interest expense. Just wondering, if you've looked at any opportunities to refinance that at more attractive rates?
Nathan Winters: Yes, Meta. So on the first question, you're right. So it was about $20 million, $25 million more of incremental destocking versus the original guide and the balance of that was offset by higher demand to come in above our guidance midpoint for Q4. So, I think we thought that is a -- I'll get a positive trend that again, we would take a little bit more out of the channel to set us up here as we moved into 2024. Now as it relates to interest rates, I think we feel good about actually our position. What you'll see in the cost of borrowing that includes all of our crediting and banking fees. But if you look at the overall cost of borrowing and where we trade at I think we feel good about the position, but we're always looking at opportunities given the environment to whether it makes sense to refinance and take advantage of the market. So that's something we're actively looking at. But today, we don't feel like we're at a disadvantage relative to the debt cost position.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question today comes from Joe Giordano with TD Cowen. Please go ahead.
Joe Giordano: I just wanted to -- last year, when we initially started to see the real weakness and you guys had to adjust your guide, there was clearly like a change in methodology, and it was very stripped down. It was kind of discounting things that weren't burden hand kind of orders and a change in how you were building up from the sales force commentary. So I'm just curious now as you look into '24 and you give that kind of qualitative guide. How would you compare your buildup methodology to how you were a full year ago versus how you were like six months ago when it got much more conservative.
Bill Burns: Yes, Joe, I'd say that probably if you look back to January, we literally have met with thousands of our customers and partners across our channel partner summit in Asia Pacific and than in Europe and then North America, Latin America and then with the National Retail Federation show. And it's clear that our solutions are essential to what our customers are doing in their business every day and they're grateful to have gone honestly, Zebra is a strong partner along with them. And they're excited about the innovation that we're bringing to market and they're optimistic. So our partners and our customers are optimistic. They're happy to put 2023 behind them, quite honestly. And there's optimism for 2024, especially in second half year. However, I would say that from our perspective, and it's prudent to remain cautious and that we haven't seen a broader recovery. We've really seen some kind of green shoots here in the year-end of year-end spending across retail, mostly in North America. And we'd rather -- we'd like to see first some orders, projects, deployments really move forward before we get ahead of ourselves kind of for the full year. So, I think optimism, happy to put '23 behind us. I think we feel good about modest increases through the year as demand progresses throughout the year, but we'd like to get a little more confidence by having more orders, more projects, more deployments across our end customers move forward. And we think it's prudent and reflect in our guide to be a bit conservative at the moment.
Nathan Winters: Yes, and I think if you look back historically at this point in the year, we would have always assumed we'd have several of those large mega deployments in the second half, even though we may not have identified exactly which customer, but we would -- that was something we always had. And I think that's where we've pulled back on that assumption, given the experience we've had over the last several quarters. And the fact, as Bill said, there's not a firm commitment. So until we start to see some of those firm commitments, we didn't think it was appropriate to lean in and just assume that some of those will start to come back in the second half.
Joe Giordano: Okay. That's fair. And then if I look at the margin guidance for the year, the EBITDA at 19%, maybe I thought maybe a little higher at that level of revenue, particularly given an extra $20 million in costs. So can you just maybe talk through the gross margin if you're seeing any pressures anywhere? And then, if you could just touch on the working capital this year, just the free cash flow. How normalize is that going to look exiting the year?
Nathan Winters: Yes. So again, if you look at our full year guide of 19% that does have us at 20% in the second half and as we head into 2025. We thought that was important for us to work through as we went through the cost actions and if you look sequentially, it's about year-on-year, I should say, about one point higher than '23 really around gross margin due to favorable pricing, some lower premium supply chain costs and a bit of volume leverage. If you think about the restructuring benefits, it's about $60 million of benefit improvement from 2024, but that's offset by incentive compensation. So getting back to fully loaded on our our incentive compensation plans for the year. So, those two negate each other for the full year. Again, if you look at our full year guide for free cash flow, one important milestone was getting back to positive free cash flow, which we did in the fourth quarter. Our guidance of at least $550 million has us above 100% free cash flow conversion, excluding our final Honeywell payment here in the first quarter, and our expectation is for modest decreases in inventory and working capital throughout the year. And there could be some opportunity to exceed, if we get back to our optimized inventory levels, but we did not include that in our guidance, just given some of the uncertainty around demand and the mix of that demand.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question today comes from Damian Karas with UBS. Please go ahead.
Damian Karas: Thanks for all the color on kind of the demand and what you guys are seeing on the project front. Maybe just a question on these long-term supply commitments that you've been renegotiating. Could you just maybe talk a little bit more about what's happening there? You highlighted one particular contract, a $10 million expense impacting gross margin. Is that -- could you just clarify, is that a onetime hit? Or is that going to kind of be a headwind for the next three quarters, a little bit of a structural change in your cost structure?
Nathan Winters: Yes. So just as it relates to the one that was a onetime charge that's behind us in the fourth quarter, no change in our structural costs or that we did anticipate having moving forward. And we feel like we're, at this point, substantially complete, working with our suppliers around a lot of those longer-term supply agreements, and particularly the ones that we had to entered into in 2021 when we had kind of both a combination of peak demand as well as some of the extended lead times across the supply chain. And you'll actually see that if you look at we have also a 75% decrease in some of our long-term purchase commitments that we have in our 10-K. So, again, a lot of great progress by the team working through that throughout the year, and our focus really here this year is around components that we still have at our Tier 1 manufacturers. So that's a lot around just demand timing, working through that as well as a lot of the great work by the team to redesign those components into existing or new products as well as working with our manufacturing partners just around the safety stock that they hold. So I think we see a lot of progress there. And again, the charge we had in the fourth quarter was really associated with one supplier and one contract we signed back in 2021. And that was a combination of canceling as well as deferring some of the purchase commitments we had here in 2024 to mitigate some of the working capital pressure as well as it gives us a lot more flexibility around the mix of the components and again, the timing of when we expect to receive those or take -- or accept those components on our balance sheet. So again, we thought it was the right thing to do to kind of get that past us and move forward here as we move into.
Damian Karas: Got it. And could you just comment on any impacts you're seeing owing to some of the overseas shipping issues like what's happening in the Red Sea and to what extent that might be factored into your guidance?
Nathan Winters: Yes, obviously, there's new concerns that we're monitoring with the risk of the escalating tensions in the Red Sea. So, we're monitoring the situation, working with our partners Today, we have mitigation plans, again, pending any further escalation of the situation. I think what's important for context is this really primarily impacts our printing business into EMEA. That's where we ship via ocean through the Red Sea and the Suez Canal. So again, the vast majority of our products are still air shipped or ocean shipped from the Asia into the West Coast of the U.S. So, we think it's -- as of today, it's a modest impact on extended lead times, which we've communicated to our partners, particularly in the EMEA region and a negligible impact expected on margin here in the first quarter.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Keith Housum with Northcoast Research. Please go ahead.
Keith Housum: Bill and Nathan, is there any reason to believe there's a change to your long-term guidance or an annual growth rate of 5% to 7% over cycle?
Bill Burns: No, Keith, I think that we would see that the current sales declines are due to a cyclical bottom, really accentuated by the pandemic overall and that our long-term conviction and the strong business fundamentals really remain unchanged. And we think we're well positioned to be -- continue to be the market leader and continue to take share as our markets recover overall. The secular trends really to digitize and automate environments within our customer operations really remain unchanged. They were intact before the pandemic, and they remain intact today. And I think that our strong competitive position we have in the marketplace, especially in our core, the exciting opportunities we have in our adjacent and expansion areas. And quite honestly, we're excited about the future. So despite the near-term headwinds, we don't see a -- see that changing. We see the 5% to 7% through cycle what we're committed to and -- remains intact.
Keith Housum: Okay. I appreciate that. Just as a quick follow-up. In terms of the software and services, obviously, it's been really resilient for you guys. As you think about that growth or what it does for 2024, can you unpack, I guess, your expectations there as we separate that from the rest of the hardware business?
Bill Burns: Yes. I think that we'd say software and service is clearly recurring revenue, right? Similar -- you saw a similar comment we had on supplies, right, which we've talked about as being semi-recurring, right? It's like a recurring business. So clearly, services and software outperformed our broader product portfolio overall. But I say that customers today continuing to strong attach rates on our mobile devices. Also, we're seeing -- this is the negative side of some of the services growth is really people extending service contracts at higher prices, right, that ultimately, we're working closely with them to get their refreshes done within their environment. So that's a target for us starting in kind of second half of '23 and into '24 is really working closely with those customers that are looking to extend service agreements and sweat assets is to get them to move ahead with new technologies and new advantages of our hardware, but that's helping software a bit -- I'm sorry, services a bit in the short term. From a software perspective, we're seeing really a compelling value proposition to our customers around what we really brought together is our work cloud software, which is bringing the multiple organic and acquisition assets together to really address the needs that a retail associate. And we talk about that of this modern store framework as an engaged associate. So think of it as communication collaboration, think of it as task management workforce management, demand planning, so marrying that all together into a single application or instance for our customers and be able to really enhance the productivity of the retail worker and that's resonating well with our customers. We had our trade show on our internal event with our user group of our software customers in the second half of the year and rolled out really what we're doing around work cloud and the future of that and they're pretty excited about it. I know, Nate, do you want to add -- I mean the other thing we're focused on is really profitability around those areas and not growing top line, but also profitability in our software business as we bring those together.
Nathan Winters: That's right. I think the other -- yes, the bright spot on the service and software is the improved margins. So a lot of great work by the team focus on the cost structure for both of those pieces of the business. So that was a nice improvement as we move to the second half, and it will be a tailwind as we move here into 2024, along with the expectation that those businesses will continue to grow.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Brian Drab with William Blair. Please go ahead.
Brian Drab: I just wanted to clarify first on the cost savings. Exactly what is the incremental benefit that we'll see in terms of cost savings, OpEx savings in '24 versus '23 now that we've got these incremental savings coming on in the year, I guess?
Nathan Winters: Yes. So, if you look at our the expanded cost reduction plan at $120 million of net annualized savings, $20 million higher than our prior guide with the additional actions expected to be completed here middle part -- by the middle part of the year, so we realized $50 million of savings in the second half of '23. So, we're expecting $60 million of incremental benefit into '24 and then the balance as we head into 2025.
Brian Drab: Yes. Perfect, okay.
Nathan Winters: And what we had in the past, they're pretty broad-based across functions. So I'd say a similar with the declines, the incremental amount was similar structure as we had with the first pass in terms of fairly broad-based.
Brian Drab: Okay. Got it. And that's all in OpEx and won't affect gross margin, I guess. And my next question was just going to be on gross margin. I guess the best assumption here for gross margin as we track through the year would be modest increases in sequential increases in gross margin as we move through the quarters on leverage and anything that you would correct me on there or add to that?
Nathan Winters: Yes. So, I think one thing I'd say on the $120 million. There's a small piece of that that is in gross margin. So I'd say the vast majority is OpEx. So there's a piece in gross margin just based on some of the actions the supply chain team is taking within our cost structure. So a bit of that is in the $120 million in gross margin. But I'd say for modeling purposes, I'd assume the vast majority is in OpEx. But you're absolutely right. In terms of the sequential improvement in gross margin, our EBITDA rate throughout the year is primarily going to be driven by gross margin, both as some of the actions we've taken around pricing the lower prime supply chain cost, which is, I guess, really here in the first quarter, but also a little bit of volume leverage, project timing as we move through the year. So yes, there's a that's what we'd expect through the year as a kind of modest improvement as we go through the year to get us to where we have as an exit point in the fourth quarter.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Rob Mason with Baird. Please go ahead.
Rob Mason: I wanted to circle back, Bill. You mentioned several times customers willing to sweat their assets more right now, which, again, we've seen that in the past during these downturn periods. It sounds like you're trying to address that some with service strategies. I'm curious if you're testing any other strategies around trying to stimulate new product demand, whether customers might be more amenable to as service or subscription or, say, leasing type arrangements in this period of time? And then maybe relatedly, is there anything as you look into, say, the 2018-2019 devices that were put into the installed base -- anything on the horizon that would more catalyze their replacement, just where they can't be upgraded any further anything of that nature?
Bill Burns: Rob. So a couple of things kind of weaved into that. I would say, first, that our sales teams are working and our partners closely with those customers that we have identified that are -- have the devices in there in use longer than normal and working closely with them to understand how we can convince them to move forward with upgrades and lots of different ways to go do that. And -- but the driver really would be a couple of areas. One would be technology transitions. So I think 4G to 5G and wireless think of faster WiFi speeds like WiFi 6, OS upgrade. So as the devices become older, then there's Android releases aren't available. And then along with that, we extend the security with that OS so long, but eventually, the security patches aren't available. So from a security perspective, that's a driver as well. The other place is really around use case expansion, right? So that adding more functionality of the devices, things like authentication of facial recognition, think of Zebra Pay integrated RFID on those devices we're going to release here shortly. Over time, we'll be releasing. We showed this at the National Retail Federation Show generative AI large language models on the actual devices and an assistant. So we want this to really be about productivity and wanting more features and functionality within their environment versus just around security, right? And we're seeing that. I would say that in the area of leasing, what we're looking at is opportunities to marry our software with hardware, and we demonstrated some of this at the National Retail show as well is that Think of a wearable device that has our task management software, communication collaboration on that wearable device in retail, which would be sold as a service kind of offering to our customers, so not quite a lease. In most cases, our customers say, hey, I can -- I'd rather spend the capital than lease. But in this case, it would be an OpEx recurring revenue stream around software and hardware combined together. So sales teams have a lot of different plays they're running to try to move those customers forward with upgrades.
Rob Mason: That's helpful. Just as a follow-up, could you just comment on what you're seeing in some of these underpenetrated markets where perhaps you do have more runway, and I'm thinking Japan and government specifically just what the current tone of business is there.
Bill Burns: Yes, Rob, I'd say that there are opportunities for us as we look around the globe, and we have different market shares those are two good examples of really significantly lower share than we have in other places. But as we look at each vertical market as we look at each geography, we see places where we can continue to take share as a business. Japan is a great opportunity for us, as we've talked about for a while, second largest market in Asia, we won the largest postal carrier there. We've won the largest retailer we now have the attention of some of the largest integrators -- system integrators and cellular carriers in Japan to work in some new opportunities there beyond retail and postal. So those have gotten some more attention and we've changed our channel strategy there a bit to large work with larger SIs. We've just hired a new sales leader. If we look at government in the U.S., a new sales leader there is the refocus on government and building our partner community and expanding our reach inside government opportunities that includes public safety. So, we're excited about these markets because we have low share, and we know there's opportunities for our portfolio within those underserved markets.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question today comes from Jim Ricchiuti with Needham & Company. Please go ahead.
Chris Grenga: This is Chris Grenga on for Jim. Maybe just one for me. You had mentioned the trend of new automation use cases in RFID and machine vision could you talk about what you expect from these technologies in 2024? And what use cases are you having the most productive conversations with customers currently?
Bill Burns: Chris, maybe start with RFID. We're continuing to see strong interest across many customers and verticals. We've seen the opportunity to expand beyond retail apparel really into track and trace, supply chains, parcel tracking, baggage tracking tools, work in progress in manufacturing, health care opportunities, all with RFID. Certainly, Walmart and what UPS is doing inside smart package into their environment has caused others to continue to look at of interest in RFID. The cost of the tags coming down in the has created opportunity because today, we have the broadest and deepest set of RFID solutions in the market. And that includes fixed readers, handheld readers, industrial and mobile printers, software and the label to go along with that. So we've seen strong double-digit growth over the past few years in RFID, including in 2023. And we are excited about the opportunity across everything we do in RFID. I would say in machine vision really focused in two areas: manufacturing and transportation logistics from a manufacturing perspective, automotive, food and beverage, inside logistics, it's really about warehouse and distribution. We combined our organic investment really with a few acquisitions of Matrox and Adaptive Vision. That's really given us a broad differentiated offering across those markets and creates opportunities for us to win and what we see as a fragmented multibillion-dollar market opportunity for us. Our value proposition really is around marrying software and hardware together and giving a unified software platform to our customers and easy to set up, easy to upgrade really to drive simplicity, speed, efficiency within our customers' organizations that allow them to automate in an easier way and upgrade that automation from things like fixed industrial scanning to machine vision. So, we're excited about both these opportunities. We are the leaders in RFID reading today. We're a challenger in the machine vision market, and we see both being a tremendous opportunity for Zebra.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question today comes from Ken Newman at KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Ken Newman: First question here. Just looking at R&D expense, I know it saw that it took a sequential step down this quarter for 3Q. Just as I think about this first quarter guide in the full year, how should we think about the cadence of R&D dollars as we move through the year? And is there may be more room to take out there as we progress after the first quarter?
Nathan Winters: Yes. So I think a couple of things. Just some of the sequential decline from Q3 to Q4 was related to the cost actions that we took and just the timing of those rolling into the P&L, which is, again, what we had expected coming into the quarter. You'll see it increase a bit here as we go through '24 just as we reset comp plans and things like that around incentive compensation. And typically, the first half is a little more front-end loaded just with the timing of projects and deployments. And then Q4 is always a little light just with holidays and whatnot from a project execution. So, I think I would think of similar trajectory from a sequential perspective as we move through the year, but maybe a bit of an uptick just as we kind of again reset all of our comp plans and whatnot for the year.
Ken Newman: Got it. That's helpful. And then for my follow-up, with free cash flow improving this year and you being at the top and a leverage target range, what is the midpoint of guidance like here for where you think net leverage ends up relative to debt pay down? And am I right in assuming that the priority for capital deployment will be towards the debt side? Or is there other portions or avenues that you see a better return for that capital?
Nathan Winters: Yes. So as you mentioned, we ended the quarter at 2.5x debt leverage, which is at the high end of our target range. We are prioritizing debt pay down of our variable rate debt here in the short term. And we would expect the debt leverage to increase a bit here through the first and second quarter really just as we lap on the profitability side, not so much debt will come down, but the ratio will increase, but then will decline through the second half as we kind of lap Q3 and Q4's lower profitability. And so that is really the priority here starting out the year as debt pay down but as always, we're going to reassess overall capital deployment and opportunities we have, whether that's share buyback or M&A as the year progresses.
Operator: Thank you. And ladies and gentlemen, this concludes our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Burns for any closing remarks.
Bill Burns: Thank you. As we look towards the long term, the opportunity for Zebra is bright. I'd just like to thank our customers, our partners and employees for their support. We look forward to returning to growth in 2024. Have a good day, everyone.
Operator: Thank you, sir. This concludes today's conference call. We thank you all for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect your lines, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-10-31 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Third Quarter 2023 Zebra Technologies Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions]. After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. Please note, this event is being recorded. And I would now like to turn the conference over to Mike Steele, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Michael Steele: Good morning, and welcome to Zebra's third quarter conference call. This presentation is being simulcast on our website at investors.zebra.com and will be archived there for at least one year. Our forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and assumptions and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially, and we refer you to the factors discussed in our SEC filings. During this call, we will reference non-GAAP financial measures as we describe our business performance. You can find reconciliations at the end of the slide presentation and in today's earnings press release. Throughout this presentation, unless otherwise indicated, our references to sales performance are year-over-year on a constant currency basis and exclude results from recently acquired businesses for the 12 months following each acquisition. This presentation will include prepared remarks from Bill Burns, our Chief Executive Officer; and Nathan Winters, our Chief Financial Officer. Bill will begin with our third quarter results and actions we are taking. Nathan will then provide additional detail on the financials and discuss our Q4 outlook. Bill will conclude with progress we are making on advancing our Enterprise Asset Intelligence vision. Following the prepared remarks, Joe Heel, our Chief Revenue Officer will join us as we take your questions. Now let's turn to Slide 4 as I hand it over to Bill.
Bill Burns: Thank you, Mike. Good morning and thank you for joining us. As expected, our third quarter performance was impacted by broad-based softness across our end markets and elongated sales cycles. This resulted in a significant decline in sales with expense deleveraging impacting profitability. We will spend time today discussing our results, and the demand environment as well as the progress we have made to rationalize our cost structure and shift our go-to-market resources to drive sales growth and improve profitability as our end markets recover. For the quarter, we realized sales of $956 million, a 30% decline from the prior year and adjusted EBITDA margin of 11.6% and a 950 basis point decrease and non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $0.87, a 79% decrease from the prior year. We saw broad-based softening of demand in late Q2, which continued throughout Q3 as customers demonstrated more cautious spending behavior across all our end markets and regions. These dynamics have been exacerbated by our distributors reducing their inventory levels, which accounted for about one-third of our Q3 sales decline. As a reminder, our distribution channel has been aggressively driving down inventory as end-user demand has slowed, product lead times have recovered and cost of holding working capital has increased. We believe this reset will largely complete by year-end. Although we experienced declines across all product categories, services and software were bright spots in the quarter. As we enter Q4, potentially all the cost restructuring actions now implemented, we expect to see a significant sequential improvement in profitability. These actions are now expected to yield net annualized cost savings of $100 million, which is an increase from our previous expectation of $85 million. On Slide 5, we summarize drivers of demand trends across our end markets. Our three largest end markets, representing more than three-quarters of our sales volume are indexed to the goods economy, which has been significantly underperforming the services economy. While each of our primary end markets declined, demand was weakest in retail and e-commerce and transportation logistics as many customers are navigating a challenging environment and absorbing capacity built out during the pandemic. As you see on the slide, despite current demand softness, there are several themes that we expect to drive investment in our solutions over the long-term, including labor and resource constraints, real-time supply chain visibility, track and trace mandates and increased expectations from shoppers and patients. Turning to Slide 6. I'd like to review the actions we are taking to address and mitigate the impacts of the soft demand environment and position ourselves for long-term success. In late Q3 and early Q4, we implemented most of the cost restructuring actions that are driving $100 million of net annualized operating savings. We are reallocating resources to accelerate growth in underpenetrated markets, including Japan, along with government and manufacturing sectors, and to capture the potential of new use cases that leverage our solutions to digitize and automate environments, including RFID and machine vision. We are also renegotiating long-term supply agreements and working with our contract manufacturers to drive down component inventories. And as part of our long-term incentive plan, we added a free cash flow conversion [Technical Difficulty] to improve profitability and drive sales growth as our end markets recover. While we believe we are seeing a leveling of demand trends and the peak of distributor destocking activity, we are not seeing signs of a market recovery based on customer behavior. Therefore, we remain cautious in our planning through the remainder of this year and the first half of 2024. We'll continue to take an agile approach to managing through this uncertain environment, and we remain disciplined with respect to our cost structure and cash flow. I will now turn the call over to Nathan to review our Q3 financial results and discuss our fourth quarter outlook.
Nathan Winters: Thank you, Bill. Let's start with the P&L on Slide 8. In Q3, net sales decreased 30.6% and 29.6%, excluding the impact of FX. Our Asset Intelligence & Tracking segment declined 25.8% primarily driven by printing. Enterprise Visibility and Mobility segment sales declined 31.4% with pronounced weakness in mobile computing. On a positive note, we drove growth across service and software with strong attach and renewal rates. We saw double-digit sales declines across our regions. In North America, sales decreased 25%. EMEA sales declined 39% with broad-based declines across the region. Asia-Pacific sales decreased 32% driven by China and Southeast Asia, and Latin America sales decreased 15%, driven by Mexico. Adjusted gross margins decreased 100 basis points to 44.8%, primarily due to expense deleveraging from lower sales volumes, partially offset by favorable premium supply chain costs. As these supply chain costs have been fully mitigated, we are no longer including a slide as part of our earnings presentation. Adjusted operating expenses delevered 910 basis points as a percent of sales. Note that the bulk of the previously announced restructuring plans to drive operating expense savings were implemented in late Q3 and early Q4. Third quarter adjusted EBITDA margin was 11.6%, a 950 basis point decrease driven by expense deleveraging. Non-GAAP diluted earnings per share was $0.87, a 79% year-over-year decrease. Increased interest expense contributed to the decline, offset by a lower tax rate. Turning now to the balance sheet and cash flow on Slide 9. For the first nine months of 2023, negative free cash flow of $193 million was unfavorable to the prior year period, primarily due to lower earnings, including the impact of restructuring actions and higher interest costs. Greater use of net working capital due to higher cash taxes and payments for inventory and $45 million more of previously announced quarterly settlement payments, all of which was partially offset by lower incentive compensation payments. We ended the quarter at 2.2x net debt to adjusted EBITDA leverage ratio, which is below the top end of our target range of 2.5x and had approximately $1 billion of capacity on a revolving credit facility providing ample flexibility as we navigate a challenging environment. Let's now turn to our outlook. As we enter the fourth quarter, we are seeing sales velocity out of the channel stabilize on a sequential basis and destocking activity moderate as expected. Our Q4 sales are expected to decline between 32% and 36% compared to the prior year. This outlook assumes double-digit declines across our major product categories, with distributor destocking accounting for approximately one-fifth of the sales decline. We are in Q4 with the necessary backlog and pipeline to support our guide. That said, we are not seeing compelling signs of a market recovery as we look to the first half of 2024. We anticipate Q4 adjusted EBITDA margin to be approximately 16%, driven by expense deleveraging from lower sales volumes, partially mitigated by the benefits of our cost restructuring actions. Despite anticipated expense deleveraging, we expect year-on-year gross margin improvement as we cycle $25 million of premium supply chain costs in the prior year period. Non-GAAP diluted EPS is expected to be in the range of $1.40 to $1.80. Our Q4 outlook translates to an expected full-year sales decline of approximately 21% at the midpoint, which is 50 basis points favorable to our prior guide and an EBITDA margin of approximately 18%. We expect our free cash flow to be positive for the second half of 2023 and negative for the full-year. We continue to be focused on rightsizing inventory on our balance sheet and in driving 100% cash conversion over a cycle. Please reference additional modeling assumptions shown on Slide 10. With that, I will turn the call to Bill to discuss how we are advancing our Enterprise Asset Intelligence vision.
Bill Burns: Thank you, Nathan. While sales are pressured near-term, our solutions remain essential to our customers' operations, and we are well positioned to benefit from the secular trends that digitize and automate workflows. We are focused on advancing our Enterprise Asset Intelligence vision by elevating Zebra as a premier solutions provider through our compelling portfolio. By transforming workflows with our proven solutions, Zebra's customers can effectively address their complex operational challenges, including scarcity of labor and the need to improve productivity. We empower the workforce to execute tasks more effectively by navigating constant change in near real time, utilizing insights driven by advanced software capabilities such as artificial intelligence, machine learning and prescriptive analytics. We continue to advance and innovate our offerings. This includes several product and solution launches across our portfolio, including our Zebra Pay solution, which equips retail associates, hospitality workers and logistics employees with the mobile point-of-sale device that accepts a variety of payment options almost anywhere. At our Annual Software Customer User Conference, we unveiled our Zebra Work Cloud suite of software solutions, which address four critical enterprise functions, workforce optimization, enterprise collaboration, inventory optimization, and demand intelligence. The user experience is tailored to customer-specific business priorities and integrate it into a single application. This unique software suite, coupled with our mobile computing platform, differentiates us and expands our market penetration opportunity. In collaboration with Qualcomm, we demonstrated a generative AI large language model for handheld mobile computers and tablets without requiring connectivity to the cloud. Is the competitive differentiator, which will enable Zebra partners and customers to create new ways of working by further empowering the frontline worker and driving additional productivity gains. We are confident that the innovation roadmap across our business will continue to elevate our customer value proposition. As you can see on Slide 13, customers leverage our technology to optimize workflows for the on-demand economy. Our solutions empower enterprises to increase collaboration and productivity and better serve customers, shoppers and patients. I would like to highlight some recent wins by our team. A global technology provider recently selected Zebra's machine vision solution to automate a previously manual inspection process for the manufacturing of engraved component parts. Our solution ensures high quality and traceability, reducing expensive material waste and false errors. We look forward to exploring opportunities to expand our relationship with this customer. A large health care system in Europe is using our mobile computers, printers and RFID solutions to enable real-time tracking of medical equipment, significantly reducing the time caregivers spend searching for critical assets throughout the hospital. A large retail pharmacy chain, selected Zebra's work Cloud task management software to improve store productivity and effectiveness by streamlining communication and accelerating on-site inspections and marketing promotion updates. Optimizing task assignments and store walks drives accountability and frees up staff to focus on customer-facing activities. A large North American retailer refreshed our mobile computers across their stores and added RFID technology to improve inventory accuracy, supply chain efficiency and customer satisfaction, the more frequent cycle counts. During the competitive review, Zebra demonstrated the most cost-effective solution for their needs. Lastly, a large Asian retailer decided to add Zebra's communication and collaboration software to their Zebra mobile computers. This subscription-based solution drives store associated connectivity benefits while displacing the legacy phone system. In closing, our long-term conviction in our business remains unchanged. While customer spend is pressured near-term, over the long-term, we believe we are well positioned to benefit from secular trends to digitize and automate workflows. We will continue to elevate our position with customers through our innovative portfolio of solutions, while executing on actions to position us well for profitable growth as our end markets recover. I will now hand it back to Mike.
Michael Steele: Thanks, Bill. We'll now open the call to Q&A. We ask that you limit yourself to one question and one follow-up so that we can get to as many of you as possible.
Operator: And we will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Brad Hewitt from Wolfe Research. Brad, please go ahead.
Brad Hewitt: Hi, thanks. Good morning everyone.
Bill Burns: Good morning, Brad.
Nathan Winters: Good morning, Brad.
Brad Hewitt: So I was wondering if you guys would be able to provide some preliminary thoughts on the overall growth setup for 2024, and how we should think about that relative to the 5% to 7% long-term growth algorithm. You talked about the first half kind of being a little bit more challenging. And then of course, comps is in the second half, but any thoughts on the growth outlook for 2024 preliminarily would be helpful.
Nathan Winters: Thanks, Brad. I guess I'd start with what we're seeing today. And from a Q3 perspective, we finished at the high end of our outlook in a challenging demand environment. And as we said, we're seeing leveling of demand trends overall and really in Q3, the peak of distributor destocking, but we're not yet seeing signs of market recovery based on our customers' behavior. So we saw really all region verticals declined in Q3 and along with customers of all sizes, but it was most pronounced in large enterprises. There were some bright spots in the quarter. Services and software are examples of that. I'd say is we're certainly not guiding to '24 at this time. But we're not seeing really compelling recovery yet and the idea that we're going to remain cautious for the remainder of the year. And really, as we look into the first half of '24, we're seeing very -- we have very challenging compares ahead of us. So I'd say that for the moment, still challenging demand environment that we would see that in '24 and the remainder of the year, we're going to remain cautious.
Brad Hewitt: Okay. That's helpful. And then maybe if you could talk about what you saw in Q3 from a bookings perspective and how bookings looked sequentially as well as what you expect bookings to look like in Q4?
Nathan Winters: I would say that, again, with demand challenging from that perspective, bookings were as we expected going into -- during Q3 and then as we enter Q4, we've got the bookings trajectory to feel good about our guide for Q4 overall. But again, not seeing quite signs of recovery yet, but feel that we've got the order velocity to be able to deliver on our guide for Q4.
Operator: And our next question comes from Tommy Moll from Stephens. Tommy, please go ahead.
Tommy Moll: Good morning and thank you for taking my questions.
Bill Burns: Good morning, Tommy.
Tommy Moll: I think I heard in your prepared comments, you described the velocity on the sell-through as having stabilized. And I wanted to circle back to that topic. One, just to make sure that, that's correct. And two, if you think about that sell-through velocity at some point, and maybe you could tell us when that is when would you expect an acceleration there, just given that you'll have some product refresh cycles where a lot of your installed base is approaching end of useful life, and it's less of a discretionary spend on the part of the customer.
Nathan Winters: Yes, I think, Tom, we view the word leveling is we've seen those demand trends level out in Q3, and we're seeing that kind of into Q4. And we're seeing that from a destocking perspective, the biggest impact has been Q3 and again, less so in Q4, and we believe that will be behind us by year-end. And again, while we're not guiding to '24, maybe a little more color to add to what I said on the first question, we don't see compelling signs of recovery yet, right? And therefore, our guide for fourth quarter. And then as we look into first half of '24, we see very challenging compares. But that said, we're not seeing customers cancel projects. They continue to push them out. And they can't do that forever. We're seeing use cases across our products and solutions continue to grow within our customer environment. They will resume deployments as they use the excess capacity across retail and e-commerce across transportation logistics and as our customers around the world see the macro uncertainty abate. So we've seen this in similar downturns where typically, they last for Zebra quarters, not years. So as we go through the year, we do see some progression. And while our visibility for the second half would remain very challenging at the moment, we would be clearly cycling through easier compares at that time and really due to the restocking -- that the destocking, sorry, that we were seeing in the second half of this year. So I think that's how we'd see it at the moment.
Tommy Moll: And to follow-up on the destocking theme, it sounds like you expect most of that to be behind you by the end of the year. And my question is just relating to the visibility there. If 60 days on hand is typical or something in that ZIP code for your channel, broadly speaking, do you have any idea where you sit today? And is there a view that, that will remain the "normal level," or could there be some period of time where we end up below that, just given conservatism among your channel partners at this point? Thanks.
Nathan Winters: Hey Tommy, this is Nathan. As we said, from a global channel inventory, which again, we measure on days on hand, and as you said, the average is around 60 days, two months, but that varies -- you can see quite a bit of variation based on the product type and by region. So again, it's not consistent globally. And as we said, we -- in the end of Q3, better than we did in Q2, so the days on hand and the relative inventory balances decreased throughout the quarter. I'd say still slightly higher than the normal range despite those decreases. And that's why we expect distributors will continue to lower their inventory here throughout the fourth quarter, but we do expect to exit the fourth quarter within our normal operating levels. And that's something we work with very closely with our distributors on in terms of where they try to get to what products do they need to support the markets. And so again, as we enter next year, we expect kind of the destocking to be and where it needs to be as we move forward into the year.
Operator: And we move to a question from Damian Karas from UBS. Damian, please go ahead.
Damian Karas: Hi, good morning everyone.
Bill Burns: Good morning, Damian.
Damian Karas: Good morning. So not to beat a dead horse here on the demand environment and recovery. But Bill mentioned not seeing signs of that as you think about early 2024, I get that you're seeing that based on your order patterns, but based on your customer conversations, I mean, what do you think it's going to take to see that inflection of demand to drive that? And where would you see it first? Thinking about the various markets you play in and your diverse set of customers?
Bill Burns: Yes. What I'd say is that overall, we'd have to see strengthening certainly of a goods based economy. And our customers overall will resume deployments as they -- some of the macroeconomic uncertainty around the good based economy abates. And in T&L and e-commerce, we've seen significant capacity built out during the pandemic and that excess capacity has to be used within their environment. And that's across their entire environment where we've built that capacity that now is more being used and demand is more normalized levels than the accelerated levels through the pandemic. I would say overall, when we see the broader demand across the industry, we're seeing that where first, likely large customers first is what we'd expect that large customers, the first area where we saw it challenging from a demand environment, so we'd expect that to return first. And then from their midsize and run rate would follow. I don't know, Joe, if you want to add anything.
Joachim Heel: Yes. Maybe just a little bit on that point. During the supply-constrained phase, we had given some priority to some of our larger customers. So that's where a large amount of the volume and the capacity that went into the market went. And that's where we're seeing the steepest declines at this point. So I would expect that, that's also where we would see the first signs of recovery where those customers would begin purchasing again. And we are staying very close to those large customers as we're seeing them sweat their assets longer, we know exactly when they are reaching those points in the product life cycle where they will need to refresh. And we're working with them on plans that will fit their budgets. And you can imagine, as we're going into 2024, they're coming up with new budgets and we're working with them on doing that. So that's perhaps where I would look first.
Damian Karas: Got it. That's really helpful. And then maybe if we could switch gears and talk about gross margins. Curious how you are thinking about what those look like from here, is there a further downside from the third quarter just based on the volume levels you're seeing? And how should we think about the kind of the new baseline or normalized gross margin?
Nathan Winters: Yes, Damian. So if you look just maybe for context on Q3 gross margin, obviously, down year-on-year by about one point to 44.8%, volume deleveraging was a major driver of the decline as we did see favorability in premium supply chain costs. Now that those are entirely mitigated. So that was a two-point favorable impact as well as we're seeing nice traction from the pricing actions we've taken over the last several years and continued to strengthen our service and software margins. So if we look at our underlying gross margins with the pricing actions we've taken to offset component cost increases, inflation with the freight cost declining. Really now the focus is on rebalancing our manufacturing and distribution capacity to the lower volumes so that we can again, start to see those margins recover as we go into next year. So I think the -- as we look here at the second half is the low watermark just given the sharp volume declines and making sure we reset capacity to that while giving us flexibility to grow as the market recovers.
Operator: We now have a question from Keith Housum from Northcoast Research. Keith, please go ahead.
Keith Housum: Thank you. Good morning guys. If you perhaps focus a little bit on Zebra's own inventory levels, which obviously are still high compared to historical levels. Is this more component cost product parts, or is it more finished goods? And then second to that is, do you guys have minimum purchase agreements with your OEMs where if you're not making the minimum purchases, you're going to have penalties you'll incur?
Nathan Winters: Keith, so just on our own inventory, as expected, our inventory balances stayed relatively flat to where we were at the end of the second quarter. We don't expect to see a material change as we exit the year. And as we said before and as you stated, the primary increase from where we'd expect to be is all around component -- consigned components that are at our Tier 1 manufacturers. So these are inventory that we made purchase commitments on going back to a year, 1.5 year ago at really the peak demand as well as the peak supply chain challenges and issues where the lead times were out greater than a year. So really absorbing those inbound components as our demand decrease. I think the team has done a phenomenal job working with all of our partners to reduce those purchase commitments. If you look at our outstanding purchase commitments, we've cut those in half since the beginning of the year. We've driven down finished good balance since the beginning of the year. So we're making traction, although you don't see it in the headline numbers. So really now, it's around getting stability in the demand signal to our suppliers so that we can in right size those inbound components. If you -- to your last question, we don't have a minimum purchase agreement that it has penalties. Obviously, we work with our Tier 1 manufacturers to have different tiering in terms of volume on our purchase price to cover their overhead. But there's not a, I'd say, a penalty per se at certain volumes, it's just making sure that they have the right capacity within their cost structure.
Keith Housum: Okay. If I could follow-up on that. And as we look forward to like 2024, is there a rule of thumb or where do you think your inventory level should be under optimal level? Because, of course, we'd assume that you'll have some positive free cash flow next year as that gets worked down?
Nathan Winters: Yes. So I would say, if you look at base, if you go back to our historical turns and you account for some of the M&A over the past couple of years, we said about a $200 million reduction would get us back to say, normalized levels. When and how quickly we can achieve that is the question. And some of that depends on, again, some of the demand stability as we go into next year. But that $200 million reduction would be entirely in consigned inventory components at our manufacturers.
Operator: We'll take a question now from Joe Giordano from TD Cowen. Joe, please go ahead.
Joseph Giordano: Hey, good morning guys.
Bill Burns: Good morning, Joe.
Joseph Giordano: So I'll ask a couple of higher, bigger picture kind of questions. We've dug into the near term dynamics quite a bit here. I've had a lot of questions about like longer term, what is a shift from potentially into kind of fixed automation mean for you guys? So you have huge share in mobile computers. And then what happens as you get more and more of these kind of big RFID-type fixed mounted scanners instead of having a person make scans. Like what does that mean for you over time if the percentage of scans being done by humans goes down?
Bill Burns: Yes, I would say that the investments we're making across the portfolio, including new areas such as RFID and machine vision both play to exactly that. We see a need for both handheld devices, handled scanning, mobile printing just as we do fixed table operating and fixed industrial scanning/machine vision as well as RFID readers. So that's why we've got a broad base across the portfolio as our customers continue to digitize and automate their environments. Ultimately, there are places where a fixed industrial scanning machine vision imager makes more sense than someone holding hands -- something in their hand or a hand scanner. RFID does very similar type things, but you marry RFID technology along with barcode scanning. So we think of machine vision and fixed industrial scanning is closely addition to our scanning business, really fixed versus handheld, and we see RFID portfolio the same way where we've got handheld RFID readers and fixed RFID readers across the portfolio just as we have tabletop RFID printers in mobile. So we think that mobility is going to continue to be an important aspect of our business, but fixed is as well as we're seeing more fixed infrastructure, more automation in our environments. And that's why we're invested in both. And I think that machine vision and RFID both represent attractive markets for us for that very reason.
Joachim Heel: And Joe -- this is Joe Heel, I'll add. I think this is also an opportunity for us to add additional value to our customers, specifically because in both areas, the customers will need more than just the hardware solutions that they might buy from us today as a handheld reader, for example, they will need, in particular, software and other accessories. And so if you think about our machine vision business, a very important part of that is the software component, which, by and large, we don't provide today when it comes to a handheld scanner. But in the machine vision, environment, we do provide that. So it's a great opportunity for us to create additional value for customers, but also for us at Zebra.
Joseph Giordano: That was a very good answer. I just want one more on -- we talked about the trends are not yet improving, but some of the true weakness in the destock is getting away. So as we come out of that, which I assume we do at some point, when I think back to your 2021, 2022, you're doing $17.5, $18.5 of earnings, how do you categorize those years? So revenue was obviously very strong, but margins were maybe somewhat pressured from some of the supply chain, and what you guys had to do to deliver. So like what would it -- what kind of market -- end market dynamics do you think would need to be in place to get earnings back to levels like that? Because my guess is that you don't need revenues to be nearly that high.
Bill Burns: I think that overall, we would expect to see continued progression in margin as our markets recover overall. So I would say that we would expect to get back to the levels that we've had in the past, and there's no reason why we wouldn't. There's been a lot of challenges in moving pieces over the last several years, including tariffs, supply chain challenges that the significant increase demand we saw over the last two years driven by the pandemic and building out of capacity. But I think that returning to the profitability levels that we've had prior, we see that continuing to progress throughout in 2024 as we get back to more normal levels of demand and our customers begin to buy again. And as we continue to be very thoughtful around our costs, right? So I think we're going to continue to be cautious in spending as we have been. We are taking $100 million of annual cost out of the business in 2024 and that will also add to profitability along with demand returns. So we see profitability to continue to progress, and there's no reason why we can't get back to past levels. That's how we see it.
Operator: And we will take a question now from Meta Marshall from Morgan Stanley. Meta, please go ahead.
Meta Marshall: Great. Thanks. Maybe a couple of questions for me. The health care market has been kind of a source of strength over the past couple of years. Just wondering if there's kind of any commentary about that market maybe being less consumer goods related than the others? And then maybe the second question, you noted kind of a step-up in investments in the manufacturing market. That's already kind of a pretty strong market for you. So I guess, is that kind of a combination of bringing robotics machine vision into that market, or just kind of what are kind of some of the areas that you think are unexploited there? Thanks.
Bill Burns: I would say that health care and manufacturing less declines than the other markets, so less impacted overall, but they are still seeing the same trends at a broader market. I would say, overall, in health care, our -- has been in the past, our fastest growing vertical market, but our smallest. As health care continues to look to improve productivity, enhance patient safety, clearly automating workflows and digitizing assets within that environment creates an opportunity for the full breadth of our solutions portfolio across scanning, printing, mobile computing, RFID all play a role within health care. We're also announcing new opportunities across health care in things like tablets for home health care or telehealth all remain opportunities for us. So we're -- we like the health care market, and we continue to develop very specific products for the health care their market overall. I'd say in manufacturing, while we've got a strong base within our manufacturing customers, a lot of that is really tied to more of their logistics and distribution network more so than kind of assembly and on the line. And I think you said it best already machine vision, robotic automation for -- in the manufacturing environment with good transport demand planning for our CPG customers with Antuit, all leverage or give us more strength to meet the demands of that marketplace overall. So we've shifted sales resources to focus on manufacturing and continue to look to recruit more partners in that area. We see that as an area for Zebra where we're less penetrated than others, primarily because we are in certain product areas, print and for instance, on the manufacturing floor, but we could do more there in our new solutions. So we clearly see manufacturing and health care is both opportunities for us to grow moving forward.
Operator: Thank you. We will take a question from Andrew Buscaglia from PNB Paribas. Andrew, please go ahead.
Andrew Buscaglia: Good morning, guys.
Bill Burns: Good morning, Andrew.
Andrew Buscaglia: Yes. So just -- I know you don't give guidance for '24, but you are talking to kind of how you think the things trending into the New Year. And I'm wondering if you could talk about maybe a range of scenarios with distributors starting to restock potentially. I guess what drives the slope of that restocking? Like in terms of like is there the psychology of the distributor more aligned with what their end customer is providing them with the confidence to restock those shelves, I guess what I'm trying to ask is like, how do you view the cadence of that restocking event if it were to occur next year?
Joachim Heel: Yes. So I can address some of that, Andrew. Over the course of the last few quarters, we've gotten a lot tighter with our distributors in both understanding and agreeing on the objectives that they have in their business, which have changed. And in particular, the increasing cost of capital has led them to set very aggressive inventory targets for their business. And then using those targets, to ensure that we stay in sync as demand has been relatively volatile, right? So demand has come down, they have adjusted their inventory to match that, and that's what we're calling destocking. So if you now think about that in reverse, what has to occur is that they have to start seeing improvements in sales out, which we, of course, are working very heavily. We generate the majority of our demand with our sales force working together with our partners. So we're working with them to generate that sales out demand. As soon as they see that tick up again, we're pretty confident that they will follow with stocking in lockstep to achieve those DIO or days of inventory outstanding targets that we have now really good visibility to and a clear understanding with them as well as incentives in place for them to reach those. So it's really generating that demand and seeing it. We think the inventory will just follow.
Andrew Buscaglia: Okay. Very clear. And your two biggest markets, e-commerce and retail versus transportation and logistics, are you seeing any difference in the demand trends and dynamics driving those two areas. I guess, what is the key difference for you? Is one starter than the other, is one more likely to come back faster than the other. Yes, I guess could you parse that out?
Nathan Winters: Yes, Andrew, I would say they're tied a couple pretty tightly together, especially when you consider e-commerce versus buy online and pick up in store or brick-and-mortar retail. So I'd say e-commerce and trans logistics tied together because of really parcel delivery. And I think in that case, both had built out e-commerce providers and transportation logistics built out significant network capacity across everything they did, their networks, their capacity around logistics and others to be able to meet the demands during COVID, which now kind of reset to pre-COVID levels and are going to grow from there. And I think you've seen moderating demand across e-commerce overall. So I think those two are tied together. I think brick-and-mortar retail, think of in-store, I think that's really more tied to the goods economy. So goods versus service-based economy, which is still relatively challenged. So I'd say e-commerce and translation districts tied hand-in-hand, brick-and-mortar retail, a little bit more goods economy focused. I wouldn't see much difference in those two. The recovery really is going to be driven by using up this excess capacity we talked about or and a recovery from more positive signs in from an economic perspective overall for those markets to come back.
Joachim Heel: Maybe there's one area that you could see a slight additional opportunity on the retail front. And that is, of course, the one area where they don't overlap, which is the store. Retailers have been itching for some time, and we have had this vision that you can significantly improve the productivity of a retail store by having all of the workers in the store connected and collaborating. And they haven't yet realized that vision. That's been part of what's been deferred as they're going through the current phase of pausing and spending and scrutinizing their budgets. But they really do want to do that. I hear that from retailers all the time that they believe that there's a big productivity improvement to be had there, in particular, because some of their peers have done it, and they have seen those improvements. So that part of spending is still out there and it I'm convinced it will come our way, and that will create an additional demand on the part of retailers with stores that transportation companies don't have.
Operator: And our next question comes from Rob Mason from Baird. Rob, please go ahead.
Robert Mason: Yes, good morning all. I wanted to maybe just probe again, your thoughts as we get into '24 and not the put a stake into the ground at midyear '24. But I'm just curious, as you think about normal replacement cycles, how would your average age of your installed base look midyear next year? Would it be at an average level or below average, above average?
Bill Burns: Yes, I'd say that, Rob, what we said is we're not guiding to 24% as we've talked about before. I would say, again, from a color perspective, that on average, I guess, it would be the same. What we're seeing today is our customers sweating some of their assets longer than they normally would. They can only do that so long. Devices get older, they want to use more applications requiring faster processor speeds, more memory, you see OSs moving forward, so security and others. So there's reasons for them to upgrade those devices over time. Could they sweat them for a certain amount of time, yes. But then eventually, that kind of comes our way, and they go ahead and upgrade. So I would say average life cycle of demand in second half, nothing changing there. We're working closely with our customers to make sure we understand their refresh cycles. And I think that while there's very little visibility in the second half of the year, I think the biggest thing to remember is we're going to cycle compares that are easier and this destocking moves away. So I think that's positive. But I would say average number of refreshes out their average length of the devices in service and today, customer sweating assets.
Joachim Heel: Maybe I'll give you a two data points to support that. One is in Q2, the pushouts that we had in Q1 tripled. And in Q3, the pushouts were about the same as they were in Q2 which was almost the same as what we had in the entire year of 2020. So you can see that there's a lot of demand being pushed out, and those are all refreshes that should be happening now to maintain the average life of our estate out there. And so the average life of our estate is likely going up. And at some point, and that's what we said a couple of times already, sorry to repeat it, is that at some point, they will have to buy and refresh those devices.
Robert Mason: Understood. That's good color. Bill, I wanted to go back to one of your earlier comments in the opening remarks. I thought I heard you mentioned a shift in go-to-market resources. And I was hoping you could put a little more color around that. And maybe just jointly, you talked about also accelerating growth in some of these underpenetrated markets, and I'm just curious if there's a connection there. And how are those underpenetrated markets performing right now relative to some of your more traditional markets?
Bill Burns: Yes, I would say that manufacturing is a good example of that. It's has been less impacted, still down significantly year-on-year, but less than other markets. That is an opportunity we've talked about earlier in the call. I think there's other markets. Japan is an area that we're investing additional resources as well. And we've won a large postal opportunity there and the largest retailer in Japan most recently, and we're leveraging those wins and larger partners within Japan to do more business within Japan. Government is another area that we haven't had a lot of focus on in the past, but there remains opportunities for us to grow our business within government. I think from a product perspective, we talked a bit about RFID and machine vision as fixed industrial scanning and machine vision around inspection, but also RFID around automation and digitizing and automating customers' environments. Tablet is another good example of an area in which is closely adjacent to mobile computing and people want larger screen formats at times, and that creates an opportunity for us. So it's both a market perspective as well as a technology perspective. And tactically, we're reallocating resources across regions and areas to address these. We've started that already in Q3, and we'll continue to do that as we enter 2004. Some are short-term opportunities and others are longer-term opportunities. But we think it's important that we continue to be agile, not only in the cost side of things, but also on where we're deploying our resources to see and address the most attractive growth markets for us and stay close to our current customers, but really shift resources are the places that we see recovering the faster or that we're underpenetrated today, that's how we see it.
Operator: We will now take a question from Brian Drab from William Blair. Brian, please go ahead.
Brian Drab: Okay. Thanks. Most of my questions have been answered, obviously, at this point. Can you just talk about Fetch and some of the other acquisitions that you made in 2021. You spent quite a bit of money in 2021 and the assets kind of averaged like 9x to 10x sales in terms of purchase price. Is there -- can you just give an update on how Fetch and Matrox and the other business that you've acquired recently is doing? And is there any risk of impairment as you're looking at that going into year-end here potentially?
Bill Burns: I think we can -- starting maybe with software is the largest segment and some of the acquisitions we did around Reflexis and Antuit prescriptive analytics in that area. We continue to focus on the retail associates and really enabling the retail associate through a suite of products and solutions portfolio around work cloud as we've announced at our recent customer user event around software, and that seems to be resonating well with our customers. This idea that taking task management, workforce management, communication, collaboration, demand planning combining that into a single application, leveraging our mobile devices in the hands of the associates in retail, and it plays into what Joe talked about earlier, this idea for a device for everyone within retail. So we see our software assets being important part of marrying with our mobile devices within retail and the idea of putting devices in the hands of more retail associates. I would say machine vision, $100-plus million market to us attractive, fragmented market overall. The focus there is manufacturing. We've talked about that earlier in the call, but also logistics and the idea of fixed industrial scanning, they continue to both look to ways to automate, to drive productivity, to improve quality across their organizations. I think the challenge to machine vision in the short term is the same as others are seeing, certainly, cyclical weakness in semiconductors where when we acquired the asset in machine vision, we knew Matrox was heavily weighted towards semiconductor and our objective there is to not only scale that business, but to diversify the offerings outside of semiconductor into new attractive markets. They could include automotive, food and beverage, inside fixed industrial scanning warehouse and distribution. So all those are represent opportunities for us, and we're excited about that market and our focus there is really diversification scale in driving share gains across machine vision. I would say Fetch and robotics automation or warehouse automation perspective, it's the smallest, still nascent in that area. I would say we're focused in two areas predominantly. First is Goods Transport. And again, we talked about that playing in line side replenishment, for instance, inside manufacturing, but also just good transport in general, of moving goods from A to B of varying sizes, that's an attractive market for us. The other market is e-commerce. So think of e-commerce picking, cobots and humans working together within that environment, where our devices today are being used by those workers to pick orders and adding additional productivity using automation and robotics is an interesting opportunity for us longer term. So it's the smallest of the segment. We don't see any impairment opportunities there or issues or concerns. We really find these three as attractive long-term growth opportunities for Zebra overall. And some are challenged in the short-term. As I said, machine vision is a good example of that with semiconductors, but we have the long-term prospects of the machine vision and fixed industrial scanning market remain very attractive to us.
Operator: Ken Newman from KeyBanc Capital Markets has a question. Ken, please go ahead. I'm sorry. Let's go to Jim Ricchiuti from Needham & Company. Jim, go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: [Indiscernible] on for Jim. Most of the questions that I had have been addressed, but maybe just one for me. for the incremental $15 million of savings, is that in any one particular area or just a broad deepening across the existing targeted areas? Thank you.
Nathan Winters: Not in one particular area, just broad-based, as we've worked through the plans throughout the third quarter and the fourth and scrutinized where we had to backfill certain roles with the retirement plans as well as just any open roles that have come along, just again scrutinizing that spend is really what drove it. So again, I would say fairly broad based and in line with the actions that we're driving for the company.
Operator: And this concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Burns for any closing remarks. Please go ahead.
Bill Burns: Thank you. I'd like to thank our customers, partners, and employees for their support and dedication to our long-term success. Have a good day, everybody. Thank you.
Operator: Goodbye.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-08-01 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Second Quarter 2023 Zebra Technologies Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions]. After today's presentation, there will be opportunity to ask questions. Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mike Steele, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Mike Steele: Good morning, and welcome to Zebra's second quarter conference call. This presentation is being simulcast on our website at investors.zebra.com and will be archived there for at least one year. Our forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and assumptions and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially and we refer you to the factors discussed in our SEC filings. During this call, we will reference non-GAAP financial measures as we describe our business performance. You can find reconciliations at the end of the slide presentation and in today's earnings press release. Throughout this presentation, unless otherwise indicated, our references to sales growth, our year-over-year on a constant currency basis and exclude results from recently acquired businesses for the 12 months following each acquisition. Additionally, note that our Asset Intelligence and Tracking segment now includes our RFID solutions and we have recast quarterly segment results since 2021 in a schedule included in the Appendix of our earnings press release. This presentation will include prepared remarks from Bill Burns, our Chief Executive Officer; and Nathan Winters, our Chief Financial Officer. Bill will begin with our second quarter results. Then Nathan will provide additional detail on the financials and discuss our revised 2023 outlook. Bill will conclude with progress made on advancing our Enterprise Asset Intelligence vision. Following the prepared remarks, Joe Heel, our Chief Revenue Officer, will join us as we take your questions. Now, let's turn to Slide 4 as I hand it over to Bill.
Bill Burns: Thank you, Mike. Good morning and thank you for joining us. Our second quarter results were impacted by weakening demand and cautious customer spending behavior across our end markets. While these results are certainly disappointing to us, we'll spend some time today discussing the drivers that are having the greatest impact, as well as the actions we are taking to control what we can in a difficult demand environment, including our expanded cost reduction initiatives. For the quarter, we realized sales of $1.2 billion, a 16% decline from the prior year and adjusted EBITDA margin of 21.2%, a 70 basis point decrease, and a non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $3.29, a 29% decrease from the prior year. Let me now put these results in context. On our last quarter call, we discussed the broader softening of industry demand as customers tightened their CapEx budgets and IT device spending slows. During the second quarter, those trends accelerated as we saw more cautious spending behavior by our customers of all sizes across our vertical end markets and regions. While all end markets declined, demand was weakest in retail and e-commerce and transportation logistics as many customers are absorbing capacity they build out during the pandemic. These dynamics have been exacerbated by our distributors focus on reducing their inventory levels, which accounted for approximately 20% of our Q2 sales decline. Our distribution channel has been aggressively driving down inventory as end user demand has slowed, product lead times have recovered, and the cost of holding working capital has increased. Although global macro indicators have been resilient, the goods economy has underperformed the services economy, and certain key indicators most relevant to our industry have become significantly weaker, including IT device spending. This particular metric has been most correlated with mobile computing where sales declines have accelerated year-to-date following more than two years of very strong demand. Growth across RFID, data capture, supplies, services and software were bright spots in the quarter. From a profitability perspective, improved gross margin and cost controls enable us to achieve our EBITDA margin and EPS outlook for the second quarter. In our current market environment swift action is needed and we are taking a number of steps to position us to deliver profitable growth and improve free cash flow. Slide 5 summarizes key industry challenges that have intensified since our prior update, and our actions to address and mitigate the impacts. These actions include reducing spending across the organization, including additional restructuring actions to drive an incremental $65 million of net annualized operating savings as we exit 2023, increasing our focus on accelerating growth in underpenetrated markets, and continue to work closely with our customers as we continue to digitize and automate their environments. Our revised full-year outlook incorporates the slowdown and deceleration across our end markets, including a significant reduction in near-term demand in the mobile computing market, destocking buyer distributors, as well as a partial year benefit of our expanded restructuring actions. Given our limited visibility in this environment, we are cautious in our assumptions and not expecting a recovery in 2023. We expect the reset of our cost structure and shift of our go-to market resources to drive sales growth and improved profitability as our end markets recover. We'll continue to take an agile approach to managing through this uncertain near-term environment. I will now turn the call over to Nathan to review our Q2 financial results and provide additional details on our revised 2023 outlook.
Nathan Winters: Thank you, Bill. Let's start with the P&L on Slide 7. In Q2, net sales decreased 17.3% including the impact of currency and acquisitions and were 16% lower on an organic basis. Our Asset Intelligence and Tracking segment was flat, strengthen in RFID and supplies was offset by a decline in printing as we lapped particularly strong prior year results. Enterprise Visibility & Mobility segment sales declined 23.6%, driven by a sharp decline in mobile computing, partially offset by growth in data capture solutions. Additionally, we drove organic growth across service and software with strong service attach rates. Sales declined across our regions driven by broad-based double-digit declines in mobile computing. In North America, sales decreased 11%. EMEA sales declined 24% with pronounced weakness in Eastern Europe. Asia-Pacific sales decreased 17% driven by China and India with growth in Japan and Australia. And Latin America sales decreased 6%, partially offset by growth in Brazil and Mexico. Adjusted gross margin increased 200 basis points to 48%, primarily due to lower premium supply chain costs in favorable business mix and pricing, partially offset by expense de-leveraging and unfavorable FX. We are pleased to see gross margins recovering from the inflationary headwinds we experienced over the past couple of years. Adjusted operating expenses deleveraged 310 basis points as a percent of sales, partially offset by lower incentive compensation and cost controls. Note, that as we began to see demand soften, we announced incremental restructuring plans that are expected to drive $65 million of net annualized operating expense savings as they're implemented. Including previous actions taken over the past year, our total net annual cost savings is $85 million. Second quarter adjusted EBITDA margin was 21.2%, a 70 basis point decrease driven by operating expense de-leveraging partially offset by improved gross margin. Non-GAAP diluted earnings per share was $3.29, a 29% year-over-year decrease. Increased interest expense contributed to the decline partially offset by fewer shares outstanding. Turning now to the balance sheet and cash flow on Slide 8. For the first half of 2023, negative free cash flow of $144 million was unfavorable to the prior year period, primarily due to a greater use of networking capital due to higher cash taxes and payments for inventory. And $45 million of previously announced quarterly settlement payments, which are scheduled to conclude in Q1 of 2024, partially offset by lower incentive compensation payments. In the first half of 2023, we also made $52 million of share repurchases and invested $1 million in our venture portfolio. We ended the quarter at a 1.8x net debt to adjusted EBITDA leverage ratio, which is below the top end of our target range of 2.5x and had approximately $1.1 billion of capacity on our revolving credit facility. On Slide 9, we highlight the impact of premium supply chain costs on our gross margin over the past 2.5 years. The actions we have taken to redesign products and increase price along with improving freight rates and capacity have enabled us to avoid component purchases on the spot market and reduce the freight cost impact. In Q2, we incurred premium supply chain costs of an incremental $5 million as compared to the pre-pandemic baseline and $51 million lower than the prior year quarter. As we enter the third quarter, we believe these costs will have been fully mitigated, which is the key lever to margin recovery. Let's now turn to our outlook. As we enter the third quarter, we are seeing sharp broad-based declines across most of our product offerings, which continues to be amplified by distributors recalibrating their inventory to lower demand trends. Our Q3 sales are expected to decline between 30% and 35% compared to the prior year. This outlook assumes double-digit declines across each of our core product categories with distributor destocking accounting for approximately one-third of the decline. We anticipate Q3 adjusted EBITDA margin to be between 10% and 12% driven by expense de-leveraging from lower sales volume, partially offset by higher gross margin from cycling $30 million of premium supply chain costs in the prior year period. Non-GAAP diluted EPS is expected to be in range of $0.60 to $1. Given our Q2 results in the continued challenging demand environment, we are significantly reducing our full-year outlook, expecting a sales decline between 20% and 23%. This assumes the Q3 sales trajectory continues through the remainder of the year. We're seeing broad-based declines across our end markets as we enter the second half with significant uncertainty in this environment. We expect full-year adjusted EBITDA margin of approximately 18%. We expect increased de-leveraging on significantly reduced sales volumes expectations partially offset by early benefits from cost reduction actions as most of the actions will be implemented by early Q4. We plan to continue to align our cost structure with the long-term trajectory of our business. We now expect free cash flow to be positive in the second half, but negative for the year given lower sales and earnings expectations. Our cash flow will be impacted by new restructuring charges, increased cash taxes due to change in R&D expected regulation and $180 million of previously announced settlement payments. We continue to be focused on rightsizing inventory on our balance sheet as component lead times have normalized. However, we now expect minimal inventory reduction in 2023 due to our lowered sales outlook. We are focused on achieving 100% cash conversion over a cycle, which is one of the metrics in our long-term incentive compensation plan. Please reference additional modeling assumptions shown on Slide 10. Note that we have improved our expected 2023 non-GAAP tax rate by 1 point due to favorable geographic mix. With that, I'll turn the call back to Bill to discuss how we're advancing our Enterprise Asset Intelligence vision.
Bill Burns: Thank you, Nathan. While sales are pressured near-term, over the long-term, our solutions remain essential to our customers' operations, and we are well-positioned to benefit from the secular trends to digitize and automate workflows across our served markets. We are focused on advancing our Enterprise Asset Intelligence vision by elevating Zebra as a premier solutions provider through our compelling portfolio. By transforming workflows with our proven solutions, Zebra's customers can effectively address their complex operational challenges, including scarcity of labor and the need to improve productivity. We empower the workforce to execute tasks more effectively by navigating constant change in near real time, utilizing insights driven by our advanced software capabilities such as machine learning and prescriptive analytics. Now turning to Slide 13. I would like to highlight several key mega trends, which supports Zebra's growth and customer value propositions over the long-term. These include automation, mobility and cloud computing, and artificial intelligence. Our customers rely on Zebra to help them take advantage of these key mega trends, which drive their growth strategies. As you can see on Slide 14, Zebra's enterprise mobile computers are critical to the front line of business. We are excited about our innovation roadmap and new solution launches that advance our value proposition. Labor is a scarce resource and leveraging technology is a key way our customers can advance their operations. Our solutions empower enterprises to increase collaboration and productivity and better serve customers, shoppers, and patients by enabling and expanding number of use cases across our end markets. Our enterprise mobile computing installed base has expanded significantly over the past several years due to the perforation of use cases and the investment in Zebra solutions should rebound as technology refreshes or reprioritized. On Slide 15, we highlight a few areas that are advancing our capabilities to serve our customers evolving needs and are expected to be profitable growth drivers for Zebra as we continue to scale them. Collectively, these offerings are approaching $0.5 billion of annualized sales and have a long runway for growth. First, we are a leader in advanced location solutions through RFID. We have been driving strong double-digit growth in recent years with the heightened importance of real-time inventory accuracy. We are now addressing an expanding set of use cases throughout the supply chain, including our previously announced large win with a global transportation logistics provider, which highlights the long-term growth opportunity for RFID solutions. Second, we believe investments in our machine vision business, which is accretive to our growth and EBITDA margins, positions us well for long-term growth. We continue to invest in innovation and go-to-market efforts to further diversify and scale in attractive subcategories. Strong growth in certain end markets, including warehouse distribution, and electric vehicle manufacturing has partially offset weakness in the semiconductor industry. An example of our recent success is a win with the U.S.-based global auto manufacturer who has been transitioning to electric vehicle production. The ease of use of our solutions was a key differentiator as the manufacturer capitalized on the disruption in the auto market to modernize its processes with more flexible solutions. And lastly, our workflow optimization software offerings include workforce and task management, communication and collaboration tools, inventory visibility and demand planning. Recent notable wins include our workforce management solution for location staffing at a large North America bank and our retail demand forecasting solution for a North America consumer packaged goods company. The actions we are taking to improve profitability of our software offerings, including migration to a cloud-based platform are expected to enable software to become EBITDA margin accretive in 2024. In closing, our long-term conviction in our business remains unchanged. While customer spend is pressured near-term, over the long-term, we believe we're well-positioned to benefit from secular trends to digitize and automate workflows. We'll work to continue to elevate our position with customers through our comprehensive portfolio of solutions while taking the actions needed to improve profitability and position us for success both in the current environment and in the future. I will now hand it back to Mike.
Mike Steele: Thanks, Bill. We'll now open the call to Q&A. We ask that you limit yourself to one question and one follow-up, so that we can get to as many of you as possible.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Tommy Moll with Stephens. Please go ahead.
Tommy Moll: Bill, you referenced the reset of the trajectory for e-commerce including parcel. I wanted to dig in on that a little bit. Do you have any sense of how long that reset appears to need going forward. And how widespread is this? And I ask that second part because there's certainly one fairly high profile, maybe the most high profile end user there where these trends I think are well known at this point. But anything you could do to highlight and maybe other examples would be helpful as well. Thank you.
Bill Burns: Yes. I think overall that we've said that what we've seen in the market is that as the goods economy is clearly weaker than the service economy, which is resulting in we're seeing more of our customers really absorbing the capacity that they bought through the pandemic, and that extends beyond just the largest e-commerce retailer we've talked about in the past, but to other e-commerce even our retail customers and into transportation logistics customers as well. And we've seen softness now spread into other markets. But specific to your question, I think that I guess maybe a good example of that is recently we've seen a large logistics company talk about really what's been detrimental to their volumes, right? And I think it is this idea that the overall industrial economy is slowing, right? Clearly focused on goods and not services. And they've said, look, that's slowing obviously because of all the macroeconomic indicators, right? Inflation interest rates slowdown in global trade. It's also being driven by consumers buying less, right? And then this reset of e-commerce coming out of the pandemic to the levels of purchases of goods slowing down transportation logistics package delivery as well, which has really been detrimental to the entire industry overall from a volume perspective. So we're seeing this additional capacity built out in e-commerce players. We're seeing it in retail, and I wouldn't say it as much as excess capacity is really, they have what they need for now, and as the goods economy slows, they eventually will come back and buy more. But for today, they've got what they need. We're seeing it move into parcel delivery with transportation logistics, but also spread into other markets as well. As you know, in first quarter we talked about slowing down of large orders and large customers. We've seen that move into mid-tier and smaller customers as well. So it's more broad-based than we had seen in the past. And we think it really is the two years of very strong demand we've seen, especially in mobile computing across our entire customer base is now being absorbed and into the marketplace and then ultimately, that's why we're seeing the decline in the short-term. And that will come back as the macro indicators come back, as people buy more goods than services, as you know they use this excess capacity within their environment. They will buy more from us. And we'll see that inflection point at some point, but right now we're not seeing it. We're clearly seeing our demand be pressured because of it.
Tommy Moll: Bill, you mentioned an inflection point, which is the theme for my second question here. I'm using the mid-points of your revenue guidance for the third quarter and the full-year, and just looking at what's implied in the fourth quarter. And at least on the mid-points, it looks like the implication is from third quarter to fourth quarter revenue steps up somewhere in the mid-single-digit range on a percentage basis. I just want to unpack that a little bit. Is that an inflection that you think you have visibility too? Is it just there's some ranges in here and it depends on what you want to assume within those ranges, or is there anything you can point to maybe that's impacting 3Q disproportionately, but not 4Q? Thank you.
Bill Burns: Yes. Kind of a combination answers there probably is that overall, we would say that, why do we believe our guide, right? And as we looked at Q3 and Q4, clearly in Q3, you're seeing more destocking from a distribution perspective than you are in Q4. But I think that we've taken an approach that basically for the guide for Q3 and full-year, where we see the demand trends that we'll continue that begin to deteriorate really in Q1 and continue through Q2. We'll continue from a booking and sales velocity perspective, it'll remain about the same for the full-year. We're assuming that a significantly lower conversion of opportunities within our pipeline than historical levels just because of these push-outs of large orders by our customers. And we've removed expectations really for recovery in year-end -- at year-end in fourth quarter. But the reason you see that the uptick there is really because we're seeing an oversize effect of our distributors destocking inventory levels as their end demand continues to slow. So ultimately our sales out of distribution, when that slows, they hold a specific days on hand inventory and they need to buy less from us because they're selling less out. They need less in inventory. And I think that the -- we see an oversize effect when end demand slows. So in fourth quarter, we're seeing less of the destocking than we were in Q3. The destocking is also driven by the fact that our delivery times have shortened and their cost of capital's gone up. So there's pressure on inventory and to lower those inventory levels really as their end demand is slowed and we're seeing a bit less of that in fourth quarter. So that's really the trajectory we're seeing around. We believe ultimately we're seeing -- in the process of seeing really the bottom in Q3 and Q4 and do see an inflection point in 2024. But the difference between Q3 and Q4 is really predominantly based on inventory destocking levels. And we expect to exit year-end with the right levels of inventory for what is the end demand that our distributors are seeing. So we see destocking taking place through the second half year, and then being really at the right levels for the demand that our distributors are seeing as we exit the year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Damian Karas with UBS. Please go ahead.
Damian Karas : Bill, maybe you could just elaborate a little bit on the demand environment for your end customers kind of moving past the distribution destocking impacts, but you talked about declines across all end markets and all customers. I mean, what do you think are the biggest drivers of that change over the past few months here? Is it your end customers really are facing sales pressures and budgetary constraints, or do you think to some extent your customers are just feeling a lot better about their productivity, now that supply chains have almost kind of uniformly eased across the globe?
Bill Burns: Yes. Maybe I'll start and then I'll add Joe can jump in as well. Really, if we look back to our May call, we talked about broader softening of industry demands. And those trends really have accelerated in Q2 as we saw more cautious spending on the part of our customers, again, after two years of really strong demand for our products and solutions. And we see this as really broader global macro weakness, but we've seen particular impact from that in EMEA and in China and China we expected more recovery out of COVID that we haven't seen in slower economic factors within China. Retail and e-commerce, as we've talked about a little bit earlier on Tommy's question really is driving that, that trend as they're absorbing capacity, but coming out of the pandemic, but we've seen it more broad across other industries as well as we worked our way through Q2. We're seeing an increased number of push-outs from a project perspective as well, or those projects being reduced in size. And Joe will talk a little bit more about that overall, but I would say that, the dynamics that we're seeing around distribution is one element of it, but the end demand clearly is slowed, and that's what's driving the distribution destocking of inventory is really about end demand. That's really, and after two years of really strong demand, we're now ultimately seeing that it really is in Zebra, we're seeing this across industry trends like IT device spending that ultimately our -- we're seeing that same trend that that IT device spending is correlated to our mobile computing market, which we see as the biggest impact of this slowdown. But it's really broad-based across IT devices and through that we expect to continue to outperform our competition, but clearly disappointing demand levels from an end market, but maybe Joe wants to jump in.
Joe Heel: Yes. Maybe if a little bit of additional color. So first, the declines in our larger customers were larger than the declines in our mid-tier and small, run rate business as we would call it. And that helps us understand this better because we track, of course, we have direct contact with our large customers and we see what's happening to individual deals there. Now what we've been seeing is that a lot of those deals hundreds of millions of dollars have pushed out of the first half into the future or in some cases have disappeared as deals altogether. I'll give you some examples of those, but before I do this behavior has accelerated in the second quarter. So, for example, in North America, the amount of push-outs that we've seen relative to the first quarter has tripled. Now let me give you just a few examples, right? So you can -- you see what's driving this and what's happening, right? At the beginning of Q3, we had a grocer who came to us and said, I want to buy $4 million worth of your mobile computers. And midway through the quarter they said, we're not going to do this deal in Q2, we're going to do it in Q3. I'm sorry, I said Q3 at the beginning, my mistake. So they came at the beginning of Q2, said, we want to buy this. And midway through the quarter they said we now want to do this deal in Q3 rather than in Q2. So a good example of what we would call a push-out. But we also had another grocer who at the beginning of the quarter was indicating that they're going to buy over $5 million worth of mobile computers. And they came and said, we now want to do take these $5 million of mobile computers, but we want to buy them over the next five quarters equally distributed, which of course, delays our revenue trajectory. We also had a DIY retailer who wanted to buy $7 million at the beginning of Q2 and came to us during the quarter and said, my budgets have been cut. I can't do this project right now anymore. We'll do it sometime in the future, but I can't tell you when. So these are three different examples that all impact our Q2 revenue and indicate that our customers' budgets are under pressure to the extent that they're trying to extend out when they buy from us, which diminishes our revenue. Hopefully that's helpful.
Damian Karas: Yes. That's all very helpful. So could you maybe tell us like what proportion of firm orders you've actually seen canceled?
Joe Heel: I can answer that directly. We have had no or virtually no firm orders canceled. So all of what I was describing to you were movements in our pipelines. Generally, we have not seen orders that we've already taken or backlogged canceled.
Damian Karas: Got it. Okay. Appreciate it. And then I -- the bright spot in the quarter seems to be the gross margin recovery. So should we be thinking 48% is the appropriate run rate for gross margin or given your portfolio of assets now with machine vision and Amer's [ph] and so forth, is there possibly some upside to gross margin down the road?
Nathan Winters: This is Nathan. Again, as you mentioned, I'd say gross margin was a bright spot in the second quarter hitting 48%, which we haven't achieved that level since the first half of 2021 when we had a bit more revenue and the euro was at a $1.20. So obviously the bright spot in the quarter, including the reduction in the premium supply chain costs down to $5 million and then negligible as we enter the second half of the year due to all the nice work by the team redesigning products getting our printer capacity back on ocean. So again, I think we feel good about gross margin. I think that's a -- the 48% is a new baseline. There will be fluctuations, as we move quarter-to-quarter based on deal size, that is one dynamic that's helping us with the lack of large deals is a benefit to gross margin. But there's other tailwinds that we have going through the remainder of the year, including FX assuming it stays at its current level. So I think that's the right watermark, but I'd say quarter-to-quarter there'll be fluctuations as with just general mix and business dynamics.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jim Ricchiuti with Needham & Company. Please go ahead.
Jim Ricchiuti: All right. Thank you. So as we think about the Q3 guidance and the implied outlook for Q4, it sounds like you're expecting at least geographically some worsening conditions in North America. Just if we look at what the organic decline was in Q2, is that the way to think about how the geographic distribution looks into the second half of the year?
Nathan Winters: Yes. Maybe I can give just a little bit more color on the guide and then to your point on the some of the regional dynamics is just to read what Bill mentioned earlier, the guide is supported by the most recent sales and bookings velocity and we're not assuming any type of recovery as we enter the quarter or as we move through the quarter. So you really see that I'd say across all our geographies. So I think that it's -- if you look at the similarities across each region, they're very similar in terms of being impacted by mobile computing tougher year-on-year comps for the business like print. So what we've effectively done is said, what is that velocity we're seeing in the end markets? How does that continue through the third quarter and into the fourth quarter? And again, removing some of the upside or opportunities to ensure that we have the right baseline to build from here, but I'd say the dynamics are very similar across each of the regions as we go through the second half.
Jim Ricchiuti: And does your guidance assume slowing in the areas of the business that have been relative bright spots, you highlighted data capture RFID and the recurring business, the supply service presumably holds up a little bit better. But what kind of assumptions are you making for these areas that, that have been more of a bright spot for you?
Bill Burns: Yes. I would say that, RFID continues to be a bright spot and continue to see growth across multiple applications, not just retail. Our supplies business continues to be positive from not just an RFID perspective, but a broader supplies business in our Temptime acquisition as well. Services and software we think will be clearly bright spots in the second half year. Data capture is a tougher compare in second half. So I think what you're still seeing is in print and data capture solutions a fair amount of variation across supply chain availability in 2022 that were cycling through in 2023, so you see strong growth in first half with tough compares in second half across those businesses, which still remain challenging from as you look at the numbers overall that you're seeing -- still seeing the supply chain dynamic take place in comparison from prior years. So data capture solutions is just a tough compare in second half.
Operator: Our next question comes from Meta Marshall with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Meta Marshall: Great. Thanks. I guess just putting into context, do you think you're seeing the greatest impact to the refresh business, which with just elongating hardware cycles, is this just slowdown in new builds or slowdown in new use cases? I guess I'm just trying to get a sense of you prepared yourself to the mobile IT market. We've seen some lengthening and refresh cycles in those markets over time as devices improve. And so is this just lengthening refresh cycles that may be more permanent or just kind of more macro impact to new builds or new use cases?
Bill Burns: I think we're seeing clearly the refresh cycles, we would say, are elongated as people are using those assets and making tough business decisions at the moment. They can only hold off so long in those technology refreshes. And you've got to remember the strong demand over the last two years has put a lot more devices in the hands of frontline workers. So when they go to refresh those devices that will be a higher number of devices that they refresh. In the short-term, they're consuming capacity they built in e-commerce and transportation logistics and even our retail customers where they've bought a lot of devices through the pandemic and they've got to work through those devices, but eventually they will buy more. We're still seeing -- there's still a great opportunity for us to continue to underserved hands, more devices in the hands of frontline workers across all of our vertical markets. And Joe can talk a little bit about more about that. So I think we're still seeing that there's plenty of bright spots for new applications for our devices and leveraging our retail software, for instance, on our devices within retail and communication, collaboration, visibility, AI and leveraging, workers with more information leveraging your mobile devices. So the longer-term trends continue despite the challenges in short-term demand. And Joe, do you want to add to that?
Joe Heel: Yes. I would underline that specifically that I think we're seeing is an extension of the sales cycles not a diminishing set of use cases in any way. In fact, I think it's almost the opposite. So the examples I gave earlier were all examples of extending sales cycles. And what we're seeing with our customers is that in fact they're discovering during this period how they can use their devices and the Zebra solutions for more use cases. So we're seeing more use cases in the store like communication or flexible checkout advising customers on where to find goods and products in the store are being added to the devices that they have. And we're of course fueling that because we're releasing new use cases. For example, we just released the ability to take payment directly on our devices, right? So I would say very clearly it's an elongation of sales cycles, new use cases are alive and well.
Meta Marshall: Got it. And maybe just is -- do you expect any -- you noted that you were renegotiating some supply agreements. Is there expected to be any cash charges with those or just anything we should be mindful of as part of the restructuring?
Bill Burns: No. Not as part -- not as part of the restructuring, Meta in terms of obviously the team's working on renegotiating supply agreements to maximize cash with the demand changes. But we'll work each one of those and make sure it's the right economic decision for the short and long-term. But those -- that is not included as any part of the restructuring charges.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Drab with William Blair. Please go ahead.
Tyler Hutin: Good morning. This is Tyler Hutin on for Brian. Thanks for taking my questions.
Bill Burns: Hi, Tyler.
Tyler Hutin: Hi, just starting off with pricing, I believe you may have mentioned the full-year benefit before, and I was just wondering if that has changed due to even more softening in what you would expect from volume growth. So is there any -- can you give us a expectation for full-year benefit from pricing?
Nathan Winters: So we expect the full-year pricing benefit to be around 2 points. It's a little bit higher than our previous guide with the most recent price increases that went into effect late in the second quarter. But we're actually seeing those actions hold and stick in the market. So I'd say it's again about 2 points for the year. And I think just to again these were very specific targeted actions, not broad-based, and it's something we monitor constantly to ensure that we're competitive in the market. And that the -- I wouldn't say any part of the volume decline is related to the pricing actions. Again, because most of these are broad-based across the industry and very targeted at where there's opportunity to ensure we maintain our market share position in each of the markets and products we operate in.
Tyler Hutin: Okay. Thank you for that. And just following-up, can you describe the opportunities that you're seeing with the government like what products, et cetera? And has this been an unexpected contribution in 2023? And will that be supplemental to your sales volume when other demand picks up? Thank you.
Joe Heel: This is Joe Heel. Yes. So we've been working with governments around the world and have been seeing an increasing level of demand and opportunity there. And of course, we have commensurately increased the resources that we have put into this. Where we saw the North American government is the largest part of that. And of course, there are multiple different levels of that. State and local has been a growth area for us for some time. Specifically for example, outfitting police forces with tablets in their cars or parking enforcement handhelds devices with mobile printers have been the staple of our business there. But recently where we've been successful and have extended our engagement is with federal and state governments. And there are of course some very large contracts. You can see contracts with defense and in logistics areas that are increasingly important. And we've seen an increase in interest in those same levels in governments outside of the U.S. And of course, that has a little bit to do with some of the geopolitical situation that we find ourselves in and the governments needing in particular the types of solutions we provide to enhance the logistics behind some of those operations.
Operator: Our next question comes from Keith Housum with Northcoast Research. Please go ahead.
Keith Housum: Good morning guys. I was hoping you could unpack the --
Bill Burns: Good morning, Keith.
Keith Housum: I was hoping you could unpack the commentary regarding the customers digesting what they previously bought. Certainly, we're aware of one or two e-commerce guys that probably overbought, but I guess the people are digesting what they previously bought. Are they questioning the ROI that they previously experienced? I mean, perhaps just a little bit more color on the digestion commentary.
Bill Burns: Yes, Keith, I mean, I -- they're not questioning the ROI at all. They're clearly seeing the benefit of our devices that are mission critical in their environment. What they're really seeing is that, that extends beyond e-commerce to parcel delivery for instance. So we're seeing that in our T&L customers that are saying if you look at what they've said around parcel delivery, the entire industry's down as the result of kind of e-commerce resetting to kind of pre-pandemic growth rates, and they build out capacity, assuming it was going to be much stronger than that. I would say in retail, they've bought the devices they have, so I wouldn't say it's absorbing beyond what they need in most cases. Now, some bought ahead because of supply chain challenges, right? They knew that they needed the devices they bought ahead for a project, but in most cases, they just have what they need. And they're -- I think to the earlier question continuing to use those devices in other applications or just making tough budget decisions that ultimately they'd like to buy more, but they're leveraging what they have today instead of purchasing new because there's pressure from either their CFOs and others on IT, spending and CapEx within their environments and a certain macro environments. So I think it's in some cases using capacity. In other cases, it's just leveraging what they have today and they don't need anymore. In some cases they bought ahead because of supply chain challenges. But we saw a significant increase in demand over the last two years and now we're seeing ultimately that demand slow and then we'll see growth from here. Joe may want to add something.
Joe Heel: Maybe to make it concrete, let me give again just a few examples, right? So if you're in a retailer, you buy our devices typically with an expectation of a growth trajectory, which means how many associates you will have in your store, or how many new stores you will open. And so those retailers that some of examples I gave earlier had planned for a certain growth trajectory, and then they've seen that growth trajectory change and lower. And so as a result, the ROI hasn't really changed for them, but they just see a lower demand trajectory, which then they're translating into lower purchases with us, right? I'm looking at I have four pages of individual deals that we look through and where customers have done exactly this. And here's an example of one where it says, customers working through gear they already have on hand not ready for additional orders until Q3. That's literally the type of thing we're hearing. And I don't think it has anything to do with the ROI, it's simply about the expectation for demand.
Keith Housum: All right. I appreciate that. As a follow-up, is the same issues extending to the machine vision and robotics segment, perhaps any commentary you can offer on how that's progressing?
Bill Burns: No. We feel good about our machine vision business. When we acquired Matrox, at the same time we developed organically solutions in the low end of that range in fixed industrial scanning. And we acquired Adaptive Vision, which gave us software capabilities around things like optical character recognition. We knew when we acquired Matrox that they were heavily weighted in their sales to the semiconductor industry. And we all know that has slowed. But our objective all along was to really diversify that customer base as a smaller private company. Ultimately, they hadn't made the investments to go-to-market that we're making diversify it. We're seeing that the diversification is working. Our focus on things like electric vehicles, electric vehicle battery manufacturing, pharmaceuticals, really a broader push for us into manufacturing is working. And as we're driving into also into e-commerce opportunities, T&L, so we're seeing that the traction of diversification work within the business, despite the challenges with semiconductor in the short-term, which we were well aware of when acquiring the business. I'd say our organic investments as well are paying off in that space. From robotics perspective, I think it's just early days. We've got working solutions today moving pallets at customers for goods transport. We have goods being transported on smaller sized robots in multiple different applications. We're OEMing some of our robots in hospital environments delivering pharmaceuticals. We're picking e-commerce orders that that was one of the areas we've invested in since owning the business beyond just goods transport, but it's still early days. It's a small business and there's a large growth trajectory expected in that marketplace today. But it just takes time. You got to do early pilots with customers. You got to prove in the ROI and ultimately you see deployments and growth beyond that. So we feel okay about a robotics business. It's just small at the moment.
Operator: Our next question comes from Joe Giordano with TD Cowen. Please go ahead.
Joe Giordano: Just I kind of wanted to just square up the commentary about push-out and your customers kind of changing. I guess like, if we step back, big picture, everything we hear, granted the industrial economy, the data has been pretty horrible, but every -- I guess the takeaway has been that the consumer's been really resilient and that the consumer recession that people saw coming isn't happening or hasn't happened. So like, how do you square that commentary with what you're hearing directly from your customers who are kind of leveraged to those consumers who maybe aren't getting as bad as people thought?
Bill Burns: I mean, I think we're seeing it, and I think you're seeing more people point to this, that it really is the service economy that's holding up, right? It's -- I think coming out of COVID, people are looking for more experiences. They're doing more travel this summer. They're saying, look, I'm going to take that trip no matter whether the cost of the flights or vacation are more expensive than it was in the past. I'm going to go do that. I mean, I don't know about you, but every flight I get on, every seat's taken, right? But I think from a goods perspective, we clearly are seeing a slowdown in customers buying goods. I think of Joe mentioned the DIY retailers, right, as is the interest rates have gone up, new housing sales have gone down and therefore people buy less from do it yourself retailers as an example. So I think people bought a lot of goods during COVID for their homes that now they're spending on experiences instead. So I think that while we're seeing the broader economy hold up, I think we're seeing goods purchases decline, and we're seeing that in where e-commerce is still growing, it's now reset back to a more traditional growth rate off the very high as we saw through the pandemic, which has then flows through to how many parcels have delivered from e-commerce. And I think that the -- and as Joe said, the expectations within our retail customers brick-and-mortar retail of how much they are going to sell has slowed so all that is playing a role in this. I think that it's really around goods versus services in the macro environment.
Joe Giordano: And apologies if you said this already I'm kind of multi-tasking a couple calls here, but can you comment on what Matrox did specifically in a quarter on growth and maybe where they're at year-to-date?
Bill Burns: Yes. So I think that I said earlier in the call that, we're happy with the machine vision progress we've made with the Matrox acquisition, the acquisition of Adaptive Vision and our organic investing in machine vision. We knew when we purchased that business that it was heavily weighted towards semiconductor. And one of the objectives we have is for Joe and our marketing teams to focus on expanding markets beyond semiconductor into pharmaceutical, electrical vehicle manufacturing, transportation logistics, e-commerce that are all big users of machine vision and fixed industrial scanning. And we're seeing early progress and wins in that area. So we're pretty happy with the progress overall, I think that we're excited about the machine vision business overall. It's closely adjacent to our scanning business and we're seeing good results so far despite the headwinds associated with semiconductor.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brad Hewitt with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Brad Hewitt: Hi, good morning, and thanks for taking my question.
Bill Burns: Absolutely.
Brad Hewitt: I'm curious if you could elaborate more on what's embedded in your second half guidance in terms of pipeline conversion rates and any further project deferrals, and then also what drives your confidence that the full-year guide is properly derisked from here?
Bill Burns: So maybe I'll start. So again, if you look at the, what's embedded in the guide for the second half, one, it's supported by the most recent sales velocity. If you look, we are assuming significantly lower conversion rates on our pipeline of opportunities than we've had historically used due to the continued push-outs of orders that we've discussed earlier in the call. So again, a much lower conversion rate assumption on those deals. And again, the other impact which is you have to include is this the overall size impact of destocking within the channel. But again, we're assuming kind of that similar type of velocity through the year-end. And I think the other important assumption is we're not having -- we're not assuming there's any type of potential year-end spending or new large deployments in the fourth quarter, which we typically see as we approach the end of the year.
Joe Heel: I'd say probably, as we look beyond, right, the second half, where our customers can only hold off so long on deployments of our products, they're really mission critical in their environments as they look to serve the other customers. And over time they will use the excess capacity they've purchased or we'll see the macro environment get better from a goods economy perspective, and they will begin to buy again. So I think that long-term we see that our value proposition remains very strong with our customers. Our relationships remain strong and across all of our core markets, our adjacencies to those core markets and our expansion investments will all continue to grow again as we see things from the macro environment improve, and our customers work through some of the demand that they've created over the last couple of years and the purchases they've made -- we'll continue to grow again.
Brad Hewitt: Okay. That's helpful. And then I'm curious what you're seeing in your run rate business and how you expect that business to trend in the second half of the year. And also, does your guidance assume any negative mix shift from a softening of run rate in the second half?
Bill Burns: Yes. So we -- again, as we said earlier, we saw reduction in the velocity of our run rate business particularly in the second half of Q2, so kind of late May and into June. And we're assuming that trajectory continues through the remainder of the year. So I'd say no further deterioration, but definitely not any type of incremental improvement. And also that's why you see as you go into the fourth quarter kind of the year-on-year comps get more challenging, which is why you see the increase in terms of the year-on-year decline in the fourth quarter greater than in the third quarter. Just as that, that velocity continues to no assumed improvement that the comps get tougher as we move through the end of the year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rob Mason with Baird. Please go ahead.
Rob Mason: So I mean, it looks like the run rate business has followed the large project business slower. I think you indicated earlier that's typically the pattern, but I'm curious if you think about a recovery scenario, perhaps looking out into next year or whenever this -- it happens, would you expect the run rate business to also follow the larger project business up or has just the -- what's happened in retail in particular changed that dynamic? I'm not sure that retail's overrepresented in large project, but maybe my impression is it might be.
Bill Burns: Yes. I think in the -- historically we've seen large deals are the first to decline and the first to recover, right? So that's what we've historically seen and we'd expect the same here. The mid-tier and run rate has slowed clearly in second quarter and that likely you don't see as large an effect as quickly in that business you've seen see a longer-term trajectory. And then the reverse of that is it recovers, but as you said, we would expect large deals to recover first and then mid-tier and run rate to follow in that recovery is how we typically see it, but you see more pronounced swings in large deals than you do certainly in run rate or mid-tier.
Rob Mason: Understood. And then just as a follow-up, Nathan, how are you feeling about inventory obsolescence risk at this point? And if a pause were to last multiple quarters, long of a pause, before that becomes a greater risk.
Nathan Winters: Look, overall, I think the -- obviously, we would -- we were expecting better results on inventory as we entered the year. I think the team is doing everything in our control working with our suppliers to reduce the committed volumes that are coming in. It's obviously a challenge though as the volume has continued to decline. So we're kind of chasing and -- chasing down when it relates to the inbound inventory supply that we have coming in. But like I -- when I look at E&O, I think again there's always risk in a technology business, so that's not different. But where we have supply, it's primarily in our run rate kind of high volume type of business. So when the volume returns, we have the components for it. So -- and this isn't unique SKUs or products for kind of one-off type products we have in the portfolio. The vast majority is around kind of our mainstream product portfolio. And so again, as the volume recovers, we'll burn through that component inventory, and that's their value. If you look at where the primary increase is at, it's in components. So this isn't fully finished goods, which again gives us that flexibility to flex between different SKUs, different customers that we have given that most of the increase is in components sitting at our Tier 1 manufacturing partners.
Operator: Our last question comes from Guy Hardwick with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Guy Hardwick: Just trying sort of dissect your comments on channel inventories and runway business. I think Nathan, you said the guidance in Q3, a third of it's accounted for by channel destocking. And then -- but I think you said that continues at kind of a similar rate in Q4. So just wondering what you -- has there been any -- what are the kind of the very latest indicators you're seeing in terms of sellout from the channel? Has there been any signs of stabilization yet? And if not, I mean, what is your kind of view where channel inventories could be at the end of the year? I mean, will the destocking continue into next year?
Nathan Winters: Yes. So maybe just to clarify, so if you look at the guidance assumptions for the third and fourth quarter, it assumes that similar velocity of demand, so that includes 80% of our business is the channel so that kind of similar velocity from Q3 to Q4. Then you have the -- again, the outsize impact of destocking in the third quarter. So we do not plan to destock as much in the fourth quarter as again the -- and that's really the driver of the sequential improvement in our revenue between Q3 and Q4 is that differential. So the expectation is that we will exit the year with our days on hand balance in the distributors at its normalized level where we expect the business to be so that we go into 2024 with both that kind of run rate trajectory and the inventory balances in the channel appropriately set so we have a clean slate as we enter 2024.
Guy Hardwick: I mean, if we take a kind of three or four year view on channel inventories, would you expect channel inventories to be back to pre-pandemic levels in terms of days on hand? Would it still be elevated relative to say 2019, 2020 levels?
Nathan Winters: Yes. So again, two different points. I think from a days on hand, we've always stayed relatively within the boundaries we have as a business, and that's -- we measure our partners and channel partners on that as part of their incentive plan. Again, the absolute dollars increased over the last two to three years in balance as our revenue increased. And those balances are declining now that our volume's declining. But the -- we -- again, we spent a lot of time with our partners ensuring that they have the right levels of days on hand inventory to support the business. And those vary by product family by region and what the business needs are. So again, we're a little bit higher than that range today, just given the velocity decline we saw late in the second quarter. We're going to get that corrected here in the third and then a little bit more in the fourth, so that we go into 2024 again with a clean sheet.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Burns for any closing remarks.
Bill Burns: Yes. While our spend is pressured certainly in near-term, over the long-term, we believe that we are well-positioned to benefit from secular trends to digitize and automate workflows within our customers environments. To wrap up, I'd like to just thank our customers, partners, and employees for their support and dedication over to our long-term success. Have a great day, everybody.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-05-02 10:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Zebra Technologies First Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. Today, all participants will be in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After todays presentation, there will be opportunity to ask questions. Please note, this event is being recorded. And at this time, I would now like to turn the conference over to Mike Steele, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Mike Steele: Good morning, and welcome to Zebra's first quarter conference call. This presentation is being simulcast on our website at investors.zebra.com and will be archived there for at least one year. Our forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and assumptions and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially due to factors discussed in our SEC filings. During this call, we will reference non-GAAP financial measures as we describe our business performance. You can find reconciliations at the end of the slide presentation and in today's earnings press release. Throughout this presentation, unless otherwise indicated, our references to sales growth, our year-over-year on a constant currency basis and exclude results from recently acquired businesses for the 12 months following each acquisition. This presentation will include prepared remarks from Bill Burns, our Chief Executive Officer; and Nathan Winters, our Chief Financial Officer. Bill will begin with our first quarter highlights. Then Nathan will provide additional detail on the Q1 results and discuss our revised 2023 outlook. Bill will conclude with progress made on advancing our Enterprise Asset Intelligence vision. Following the prepared remarks, Joe Heel, our Chief Revenue Officer, will join us as we take your questions. Now, let's turn to slide 4 as I hand it over to Bill.
Bill Burns: Thank you, Mike. Good morning, and thank you for joining us. Our team executed well in a challenging macroeconomic environment, delivering first quarter sales and earnings results above the midpoint of our outlook. For the quarter, we realized sales of $1.4 billion approximately in line with the prior year; and adjusted EBITDA margin of 21.4%, a 150 basis point increase; and non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $3.94, a 2% decrease from the prior year. Regional sales performance was mixed with growth in Asia Pac and North America mostly offsetting declines in EMEA and Latin America. From a solutions perspective, printing, data capture and RFID were bright spots, while sales of mobile computers declined. We continue to see cautious spending behavior by enterprise customers with a decline in large orders and growth in small to midsized orders. From a profitability perspective, improved gross margin drove our EBITDA margin increase. Higher interest and tax expense resulted in a slight earnings decline. I would now like to spend a moment on our sales outlook. As the risk of broader softening of industry demand has materialized, we have reduced our full year outlook. Late in Q1 and into Q2, demand trends softened across our end markets, particularly for mobile computers in EMEA and North America as customers' CapEx budgets tightened and IT device spending contracts. We are mitigating the impact of softer sales with targeted go-to-market actions to drive additional demand and incremental cost actions. We will continue to take an agile approach to managing throughout this uncertain near-term environment. I will now turn the call over to Nathan to review our Q1 financial results and provide additional details on our revised 2023 outlook.
Nathan Winters: Thank you, Bill. Let's start with the P&L on slide 6. In Q1, net sales decreased 1.9%, including the impact of currency and acquisitions and were 0.3% lower on an organic basis. Our Asset Intelligence and Tracking segment increased 28.4%, led by strength in printing as we lapped significant supply constraints in the prior year period. Enterprise Visibility & Mobility segment sales declined 11.2%, with mixed performance among our offerings. We realized strong growth in data capture solutions and RFID. Mobile computing sales declined, primarily due to large customer order deferrals, slowing demand through distribution, and the impact of ceasing sales to Russia in March of 2022. Additionally, we also drove growth across Service and Software with strong service attach rates. Performance was mixed across our regions. North America sales increased 1%, due to strength in printing and data capture, helped by the recovery from supply chain challenges. EMEA sales declined 4%, primarily due to a 350 basis point impact of our suspension of sales into Russia. Asia Pacific sales grew 6%, driven by strong mobile computing growth in Japan. And Latin America sales decreased 1%, with relative outperformance in Brazil and Mexico. Adjusted gross margin increased 290 basis points to 47.5%, primarily due to lower premium supply chain costs, partially offset by FX and lower service margin. Adjusted operating expenses increased 130 basis points as a percent of sales, primarily due to a return to normalized sales and marketing activity and strategic investments in the business, partially offset by a reduction in G&A expense. First quarter adjusted EBITDA margin was 21.4%, a 150 basis point increase driven by gross margin expansion. Non-GAAP diluted earnings per share was $3.94, a 1.7% year-over-year decrease due to increased interest expense and a higher tax rate, partially offset by fewer shares outstanding. Turning now to the balance sheet and cash flow on slide 7, in Q1, we had negative free cash flow of $92 million, which was unfavorable to the prior year period primarily due to the timing of inventory payments, higher interest cost and cash taxes and $45 million of previously announced quarterly settlement payments, which are scheduled to conclude in Q1 of 2024, all of which was partially offset by favorability in the timing of customer collections, and lower incentive compensation payments. In Q1, we also made $15 million of share repurchases and invested $1 million in our venture portfolio. We ended the quarter at a comfortable 1.6 times net debt to adjusted EBITDA leverage ratio, which is well below the top of our target range of 2.5 times and had approximately $1.3 billion of capacity on our revolving credit facility. On slide 8, we highlight premium supply chain costs, which have continued to improve from peak levels. The actions we have taken to redesign products, along with the improving freight rates and capacity, have enabled us to reduce component purchases on the spot market and reduce freight cost impact. In Q1, we incurred premium supply chain costs of $15 million, as compared to the pre-pandemic baseline, and $53 million lower than the prior year. We are expecting these premium supply chain costs to continue to decline. Let's now turn to our outlook. We continue to see enterprise customers defer large orders and are also realizing lower sales into the channel as distributors adjust to softer demand trends as well as our improved product lead times and their higher cost of capital. For the second quarter, our sales are expected to decline between 9% and 11% compared to the prior year. Our outlook assumes a two-point negative impact from foreign currency changes and a one point additive impact from recent acquisitions. We anticipate Q2 adjusted EBITDA margin to be approximately 20%, driven by expense deleveraging from lower sales volume, partially offset by higher expected gross margin from improved supply chain costs. We expect premium supply chain costs to be approximately $15 million in Q2 and more than $40 million year-on-year reduction. Non-GAAP diluted EPS is expected to be in the range of $3.20 to $3.40. We are reducing our full year 2023 sales outlook by three points. We now anticipate net sales to decline between 2% and 6%. This outlook assumes an approximately 50 basis point net negative impact from foreign currency changes and acquisitions. Second half sales are expected to benefit from easier year-on-year comparisons, our recently announced price increase, and abating FX headwinds. We have a solid pipeline of opportunities that gets us to the high end of the sales range, but are embedding caution in our outlook, given recent demand trends in the uncertain macro environment. We expect full year adjusted EBITDA margin of approximately 22%, which is the low end of our previous outlook. We now expect premium supply chain costs of approximately $40 million for the year, as we are seeing faster-than-expected supply chain recovery. We have been proactively managing operating expenses through targeted restructuring actions and discretionary cost controls, and we expect sequentially lower operating expenses in the second half of the year. We now expect our free cash flow to be between $450 million and $550 million for the year, which reflects increased caution in our revised full year outlook. As a reminder, cash flow is impacted by increased cash taxes and $180 million of previously announced settlement payments. We continue to be focused on rightsizing elevated inventory on our balance sheet as component lead-times have normalized. Working capital variability over the past year has been significantly impacted by global supply chain dynamics. Our fundamental business model is unchanged and we believe the actions we are taking will enable us to deliver greater than 100% free cash flow conversion as we normalize inventory levels. We are focused on achieving a 100% conversion over a cycle, which is now included in our long-term executive incentive compensation plan. Please reference additional modeling assumptions shown on slide nine. With that, I will turn the call to Bill to discuss how we are advancing our Enterprise Asset Intelligence vision.
Bill Burns: Thank you, Nathan. While customer spend is pressured near-term, our solutions are essential to our customers' operations, and we are well-positioned to benefit from secular trends to digitize and automate workflows across our served markets. Slide 11 illustrates how we digitize the front line of business by leveraging our industry-leading portfolio of products, software, and services. By transforming workflows with our proven solutions, Zebra's customers can effectively address their complex operational challenges, including scarcity of labor and improving productivity in challenging times. We empower the workforce to execute tasks more efficiently by navigating constant change in near real time, utilizing insights driven by advanced software capabilities, such as artificial intelligence, machine learning and prescriptive analytics. Now, turning to slide 12. We are focused on advancing our Enterprise Asset Intelligence vision by continuing to elevate Zebra, as a premier solutions provider through our compelling portfolio. In March, at the ProMat manufacturing and supply chain trade show, Zebra, along with our partners, showcased the depth and breadth of our innovative solutions for manufacturing, logistics and the broader supply chain. Our industrial automation solutions, including autonomous mobile robots, machine vision and fixed industrial scanning, are synergistic with technology-equipped frontline workers. At the show, we featured Zebra solutions at each stage of warehouse operations, including receiving, storage and fulfillment. It demonstrated how we improve key outcomes for our customers, such as enhancing supply chain agility, improving production quality and maximizing utilization and productivity. As you can see on slide 13, Zebra powers the front line of business across retail and e-commerce, transportation logistics, manufacturing, health care and other markets. Businesses partnered with Zebra to optimize their end-to-end workflows, as they strive to meet the increasing demands of customers across a variety of vertical end markets. The business challenges we are solving have expanded through our investment in complementary offerings that enable us to further penetrate customer accounts. I would like to highlight several wins across our end markets. We are beginning to deploy the record RFID win, we mentioned on our last call. This global transportation logistics provider plans to tag every package that enters their facilities with RFID and coated labels to enhance tracking visibility. Zebra solutions improved productivity, enable faster error detection, driving cost savings and increased customer satisfaction. In addition to our RFID offerings, this customer is also deploying our mobile computers as an integral part of the overall solution. A major e-commerce provider in Europe recently expanded their use case of Zebra's fixed industrial scanners at several thousand packing stations. This enables the customer to continue to significantly reduce scan time and increase throughput, particularly for their more complex packing needs. The support and collaboration with Zebra and our partner was a key differentiator among our competition. A large Australian supermarket chain has replaced consumer-grade devices with our Zebra rugged tablets and scanners to enable faster and more accurate buy online, pick up in store and home delivery fulfillment. Zebra's enterprise-grade solution, along with our commitment to sustainability, including our recycling program and eco-friendly packaging, were competitive differentiators in securing this win. A Latin American manufacturing company recently selected Zebra mobile computers and mobile printers to help streamline delivery and warehouse operations. Delivery personnel will benefit from synergies between these products, while warehouse employees realize similar efficiencies with Zebra scanners and desktop printers. This manufacturer shows our products for reliability and durability and considers us a strategic partner in their technology journey. A regional bank recently selected our workforce management software for all branch locations, displacing a competitor. Our solution is expected to drive cost savings through more efficient scheduling and allocation of people resources. We are pleased about the benefits our solutions are delivering in our customers' mission-critical operations. Slide 14 reiterates challenges that have materialized since our last guide. We believe the actions we are taking, which include working closely with our customers as they look to deploy solutions to drive efficiency within their businesses, increasing our focus on accelerating growth in underpenetrated markets and driving incremental cost actions within our business will allow us to exit 2023 stronger, positioning us to deliver profitable growth, increased market share and improved free cash flow. In closing, we are facing near-term headwinds and have taken actions to drive a stronger second half. Our long-term conviction in our business is unchanged. Moving forward, we are focused on driving profitable growth in our core and expansion markets, collaborating closely with our customers and partners to continue to elevate Zebra as a premier solutions provider in attracting, developing and retaining top global talent to drive innovation. I will now hand it back to Mike.
Mike Steele: Thanks, Bill. We'll now open the call to Q&A. We ask that you limit yourself to one question and one follow-up, so that we can get to as many of you as possible.
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session [Operator Instructions] Today's first question comes from Tommy Moll with Stephens. Please proceed.
Tommy Moll: Yes. Thanks for taking my questions.
Bill Burns: Good morning.
Nathan Winters: Good morning, Tommy.
Tommy Moll: Bill, I wanted to start on the topic of run rate versus large customer demand. It sounds like the run rate business might have been a little bit stronger in Q1, but maybe also got a little weaker towards the end. So any commentary you could give us on one versus the other would be appreciated. And specifically, when you're talking about the potential for channel destocking, is that more a run rate driven phenomenon, or is that not the right way to think about it? Thank you.
Bill Burns: Hey, Tommy, I would say that in the first quarter, our sales growth in -- we saw sales growth in run rate or non-large deals, which moderated towards the end of the quarter. And I would say that if we kind of characterize where we're at today that through the majority of Q1, we saw that our sales opportunities were developing as we had expected, and it allowed us to deliver on our first quarter guide. And I think that as we got later into the quarter towards the end of Q1 and into April, while our run rate continued to be strong in the first quarter, we saw that begin to moderate. But the real challenge has been around large customers and really tightening their CapEx budgets further as we got to the second -- the end of Q1 and into Q2. And we saw new projects not receiving the funding that our sales teams had expected in the near-term. So we saw a number of projects really in our sales funnel that were planned for Q2 and early Q3, really become deferred. And we especially saw this in retail and again, in specifically in North America and EMEA. So that ultimately, that slowing demand of larger deals and overall, a bit of moderating of our run rate, has really impacted our distributors that are looking to adjust their working capital levels that -- to really these -- the slowing demand of large deals and some of the moderating of run rate, we've also seen our lead times improve. So our distributors are having to hold less inventory as our lead times improve. And of course, they've got an increase in cost of capital and holding costs as they adjust their days on hand to the right level. So overall, these pressures really led us to say, hey, our Q2 guiding that down further and then ultimately look at the full year is despite run rate being strong in first quarter, we saw it moderate. And large deals are really in large customers, specifically around retail in EMEA and North America are really driving our guide for the full year.
Tommy Moll: Just to continue with that theme, Bill, as you mentioned, some of the incremental weakness that drove your revision to the full year outlook really didn't manifest until late first quarter into the second quarter, it sounds like. Nonetheless, the outlook does imply a fairly healthy improvement in terms of revenue in the second half versus the first half. At this point, though, how much visibility do you have there? It feels like some of these conversations, particularly on a large customer side may still be early with a lot of question marks. But if I'm wrong in that characterization, please let me know. Thank you.
Nathan Winters: Yeah, Tommy, this is Nathan. And then just a little color on the full year guide. So if you look for the full year down 3.5% on organic sales in the midpoint, as we said in the prepared remarks, we do have a pipeline of opportunities and actions to get to the high end of the range, how we're being cautious in the assumptions and what we expect out of the pipeline due to the uncertain macro environment, and the cautious behavior we're seeing. I think the other thing that's important to note is as we go into the second half, we have easier year-on-year comps, particularly in Q3 as well as we have the recently announced price increases that will benefit in the second half as well as a favorable FX from our last guide, helping offset some of the macro headwinds. So all those factors, a lot of factors played into some of the first half or second half dynamic, as well as what we believe we've taken a conservative view at the pipeline and actions we have as we look at the second half guide.
Tommy Moll: Thank you both. Ill turn it back.
Operator: The next question comes from Damian Karas with UBS. Please proceed.
Damian Karas: Hey, good morning, everyone. I have a follow up
Bill Burns: Good morning.
Nathan Winters: Good morning, Damian.
Damian Karas: Morning. Just a follow-up question on your comments, Bill, about some of these project deferrals. Just for clarification, right, are we talking about the same kind of select handful of large customers, North America retail and EMEA retail, or are there additional large customers that are mimicking these behavior or just kind of a combination of both of those factors? I'm curious if thinking about kind of future execution and delivery, do you have any kind of sense on time line on that, or are they just kind of on pause for the moment?
Bill Burns: Yeah. I think maybe it's worth covering the vertical markets as we -- and what we saw in Q1. So predominantly retail, I would say that from a T&L perspective, we continue to see customers invest in visibility and productivity solutions. And Transportation & Logistics was up in Q1. In Q1, we also saw strong growth across manufacturing as they continue to invest in industrial automation and productivity within manufacturing. And healthcare also continued to be strong. So it really was around -- on retail. And those customers, ultimately not all retail customers, but a significant number of those across EMEA and North America had pushed out projects that were in our sales funnel for Q2 and Q3 out. And I think that ultimately, as Nathan said, allowed us to take or drove us to take a more conservative view of the funnel and pipeline for second half year. And maybe Joe wants to comment more on that.
Joe Heel: Sure. So Damian, I wanted to underline one thing first, and then maybe I'll give you some examples because I thought you might -- someone might ask these questions. I put together a few examples to illustrate what we're seeing. I want to underscore that by and large, we're not seeing cancellations from these large customers. We're seeing deferrals of the decision and, in some cases, deferrals of the deployment. And the majority of those deferrals are to the second half of this year, to Q3 and Q4, which goes in part also to Tommy's earlier question about what confidence do we have, right? That's where we're seeing in most of those push. I'll give you two examples. One of our large US customers in the retail space, by the time we last spoke here in the first quarter, had ordered about $3 million from us. And they had told us that they were going to be ordering by the end of Q2, an additional $20 million. Since then, in the last three months, they've taken $6 million and said we're still going to order that in Q2, but we still don't have the purchase order yet. They're still trying to secure the budget for it. They have $10 million that they moved to Q3 and another $4 million that they moved to Q4. At least that's what they've told us so far. Of course, to your point about the visibility, will they actually order it then? We will see. But that's the current state of what we know and what's changed since we last spoke. Another even larger customer in the US, also a retailer, had ordered $5 million by the time we were speaking last year in February, and had indicated that they were planning to buy $35 million by the end of Q2. Since then, they have said $11 million of that we're going to order in Q3. And $24 million, we will not have budget for this year, but we plan to order it in 2024. So that gives you an idea of how things are moving and how these deferrals are happening, hopefully.
Nathan Winters: I think just one thing to add, that's both -- those are two good examples of the decline for the overall year and the full year guide. But at the same token, while we have a pipeline and actions that are above -- towards the high end of the range, but yet being conservative on assuming all those deals won't get pushed further. So I think that's the -- trying to find the balance there around what we're hearing from our customers and the visibility, with also understanding that it's not certain until we get the PO.
Damian Karas: Understood. Appreciate that color. I also wanted to ask you about your margin guidance. It seems you're actually expecting higher gross margins than previously. So is that the case? And could you maybe walk through the changes underlying your margin guidance for the year? Thank you.
Nathan Winters: Yes. So look, our full year EBITDA guide of 22%, that was the low end of our prior range. We are seeing favorable gross margin trends, but that's being offset by the lower volume. So again, if you look at an aggregate, nearly one point higher than last year, primarily due to the supply chain improvements. And you can see it from our versus our prior guide of reducing those transitory or premium supply chain costs for the year from 50% to 40% as both the freight rates improved, and we're having to buy less components on the spot market. And that's still being offset. Those two points improvement are being offset by about one point of FX. Despite the improvement in FX with our hedging program, there's still a headwind for the year on FX. And again, I think a couple of things. The pricing actions we've taken over the past 1.5 years are offsetting the material and labor cost inflation or recouping some of that degradation over the past year, and we have actions identified to adjust our cost structure with the lower volume.
Operator: The next question comes from Jim Ricchiuti with Needham & Company. Please proceed.
Jim Ricchiuti: Hi. Thank you. I just wanted to drill down a little bit more, if I can, on the deferrals. And you may have mentioned this, and I apologize if you did. But are the deferrals that you're seeing, are they skewed more in North America, or are you seeing that same kind of level of deferrals in EMEA?
Bill Burns: Yes. I would say, Jim, it's really both. And again, it's centered predominantly around retail. We believe ultimately have seen some moderation of demand in the other vertical markets, T&L and manufacturing, but it's predominantly retail and it's predominantly North America and EMEA. And I think it's Important, as Joe said, to say that these projects haven't been canceled, and our customers still have conviction about the value we ultimately deliver to them around improve productivity, increased visibility across supply chains, more effective and efficient operations within retail. All those are important because these projects, while they're moving out are still -- have strong return on investments for our customers. They're making tough decisions around CapEx in the short-term to adjust in a macroeconomic environment. But what they're telling us is that as their CapEx loosens up inside their organizations, they expect to move ahead with these projects. And the challenge in retail is because we've seen them continue to move out, we've had to take a conservative view of the outlook. And as Joe said, some of those projects have moved into 2024. But our customers are still committed to do those. So I think that we're seeing that, ultimately, our customers can only hold off from buying for so long, that we have mission-critical solutions. And they truly deliver value to our customers that make them more effective and more efficient in their business each and every day. And I think we feel that, ultimately, they are going to buy these projects and they're going to move forward. It's really an issue around timing and it's really North America and EMEA in retail is the primary challenge at the moment.
Jim Ricchiuti: Got it. And I wanted to just follow up with a question only because you mentioned it several times, the strength in RFID. Is that mainly from this large North American logistics customer, or is this -- are you seeing the strength in other areas of logistics, or is it also a function of what we're seeing and hearing in retail? And is that sustainable as you go through the year? .
Bill Burns: Yes, I would say that we're seeing broad-based demand for RFID across supply chains in general. So, all the way from retail through transportation logistics all the way back into manufacturing, so it is broad-based. We have the broadest and deepest RFID portfolio of solutions of fixed readers, handheld readers, mobile printers, software and solutions as well as our labels. So, we expect that we'll continue to benefit from the strength in RFID. I don't know, Joe, if you want to add anything to that, but I think that we feel good about the RFID portfolio beyond this large win in C&O.
Joe Heel: We do. And I would underline, Jim, the broad-based nature of this demand. We're seeing it in health care, for example, we're seeing it in T&L, where entire package operations that were previously barcode-based are being driven by RFID now for greater efficiency and fewer errors. And we're seeing it in multiple regions of the world. We're seeing it strong in Asia-Pacific, but also strong in Europe where labor costs are high and RFID can have an outsized impact. This is a broad-based movement.
Jim Ricchiuti: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Keith Housum with Northcoast Research. Please go ahead.
Keith Housum: Good morning guys. In terms of looking at the guidance for the full year, can you kind of help me with some context in terms of how you're thinking about the overall macro economy and how changes in the macro economy may affect your guidance, the good and the bad?
Bill Burns: Yes, I'd say, Keith, that I'll start, and then I'll let Nate or Joe want to jump in. But we're clearly seeing a softer macroeconomic environment that is having our customers take a more conservative view of their CapEx budgets and -- in first half year, and we're seeing less certainty in those budgets for second half year. So, a bit of the unknown, mostly in retail and again, mostly in North America and EMEA where we're seeing this, it's most pronounced there. What it results to for us is directly elongated sales cycles and opportunities that we thought we're going to close in Q2 and be deployed in early Q3 as moving out. And Joe gave the examples of all the business isn't moving out. Some portion of it is doing that, and some is moving into Q3 and Q4 from Q2 and others is moving into 2024. So, we think that ultimately, we've taken a more conservative view of our pipeline and the opportunities we expect to close in second half year. There's lots of reasons why we believe that guide is the right one as Nathan covered. But we also believe that our T&L manufacturing customers, where we saw strong growth in first quarter, even at the end of Q1, we're seeing them moderate a bit due to the macro environment. And we're taking a cautious view overall of what our pipeline and the projects within it because of it. But I think ultimately, we feel good about our business. We feel good about the value we bring to our customers, and this is really all about the macro environment and specifically in -- more pronounced in retail in North America and EMEA.
Keith Housum: Maybe if I can tweak that question just a little bit. I guess, does your guidance include, I guess, a soft or hard landing in the US and Europe, or do you go look at that context?
Bill Burns: Well, I'd say that we've had a tough Q1 from a mobile computing perspective, with double-digit declines in Q1. We see Q2 continue to be challenged from a mobile computing perspective. But, we saw strong growth in other parts of the portfolio like data capture and print. So I think, overall, what we're seeing is mobile computing remaining challenged in first half. And then in second half, we see some of these projects moving forward and then continuing into 2024. So we don't see the environment being a hard landing or much different than what we're guiding to at the moment, which is we were delivered on our first quarter guide, which ultimately was down. But we see Q2, obviously, we knew it was going to be our toughest quarter, and we see recovery in the second half. But modest, and we believe we can deliver on our guide.
Keith Housum: Great. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Joe Giordano with TD Cowen. You may proceed.
Joe Giordano: Hey. Good morning, guys. So I'm just curious on -- coming out of COVID, you put in a ton of assets. And I'm just curious on thoughts on the replacement cycle of that. So as we go into a soft patch here, what's the ability of customers to like extend, when they need to refresh this stuff? I'm just curious the deferrals that Joe mentioned, are these like new, new expansions, or is this like refresh of old product that is getting pushed out? Just curious there. Thank you.
Joe Heel: Yes, why don't I start right away. This is Joe Heel. The investments we've made over the last few years in customer success have given us a really good insight as to what our installed base is and how our customers are using it. And that has generally revealed to us that the usage cycles have shortened, and that the replacements that are being contemplated now are things that have gone in approximately three years ago or even less than that. And of course, we have just launched a brand-new set of our mid-range and high-end mobile computers and the value tier was released last year. So those are coming right into that refresh cycle that we're seeing from those customers. And that's another reason why we're quite confident that while these customers are deferring decisions and deployments as we speak, they will have to purchase shortly. And we have pretty good confidence in that. It's the timing that we're uncertain about.
Joe Giordano: And then just a follow-up, Nathan, if things do get cyclically worse here, how should we think about risk of, like inventory obsolescence on things that you have on the books, if the channel stays tough, things like that. Thank you.
Nathan Winters: Yes. I would say, there's always a risk in a technology business of excess and obsolescence. That's something the team actively manages in terms of when we put something in -- a lot of that's in our control in terms of the life cycle of a product, when we end of life a component or our finished good. And today, we look and say there's still demand for what we have in inventory on a component level. The team has a series of actions, working with our suppliers to reduce purchase commitments where we can and drive programs where we have available stock with the commercial team. So today, I don't feel -- I think there's -- again, there's always risk given our business model, but I would say nothing more -- not more than we've had in other times.
Joe Giordano: Thanks, guys.
Operator: The next question is from Meta Marshall with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed.
Meta Marshall: Great. Thanks. You guys noted the benefit of price increases in the second half. I just wondered, given the macro environment, if there's been any pushback to that or kind of shrinking of the amount of units to kind of keep with the same dollar amount that you've seen in response to that? And then maybe just as a second question. You noted backlog was a benefit to printing, kind of, in Q1. I just wondered, is there any meaningful kind of backlog or pent-up orders kind of across the space that we should be mindful of for the year? Thanks.
Bill Burns: Joe, do you want to take the price increases?
Joe Heel: Yeah. So Meta, we increased prices last year outside of North America towards the end of the year, and we have increased them in North America here in the first quarter. We have a very analytical approach to doing this where we literally analyze by product and by region where we stand competitively and what economics we can afford for our channel partner's because we want them to thrive. And as a result, we looked at that and we said we have additional headroom in North America, just as we saw that at the end of the year outside of North America. We have implemented those and we have seen generally good traction with those, and they're going to have a meaningful impact in terms of helping us to mitigate the challenges that we outlined earlier.
Nathan Winters: And if you look at the overall backlog position, I'd say it's normalized from where we were over the past several years, in line with what we need to deliver for the second quarter. I think the positive news, both for print and DCS as we've largely worked through our delinquent or aged backlog, as supply has improved, still have some backlog to work through for both of those businesses. But in aggregate, I think we go back more to normalized levels, if not a little bit higher than we were pre-pandemic, but enough to definitely support our 2Q guide.
Meta Marshall: Great. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rob Mason with Baird. Please proceed.
Rob Mason: Yes. Good morning. I had a question just around your thought process on the channel distribution level, I guess, destocking. Is that a process that you think can be complete here in the current quarter, or does that extend into the second half as well?
Nathan Winters: There's a few -- I can take a couple of things, I'll start. One, if you look at our overall inventory, I think in aggregate, remains healthy. However, as we highlighted before, there is our realigning, or aligning their days on hand to say, with the moderating demand as well as the improved lead times in the cost of capital. So we work closely with all the distributors, so they have the appropriate days on hand levels and that is recalibrating to the slower demand. You'll definitely see variations across distributors or regions due to the various dynamics. And that's why we look at it as a range in aggregate. But I'd say, overall, we think those levels are in line with where we were pre-pandemic. But obviously, we think that is definitely an outsized impact in Q2 relative to the rest of the year, as the demand has softened here over the past month or two.
Rob Mason: Does your guide at the midpoint take it down 4%? Does that assume that the run rate business would be down this year also?
A  Bill Burns: I think that we've seen moderating, Rob, in the run rate business. We saw it -- in Q1, small to medium deals continue to grow. But as we got later into first quarter, we saw some moderating of that run rate business. So I'd say that we see it moderating. The real challenge seems to be around large customer orders and larger deals and run rate, because we're continuing to see growth in DCS growth across our printing business. We hadn't talked about it, but services and software were positive and delivered growth in first quarter as well. So we continue to see that throughout the year. So there's certainly bright spots. But the challenge isn't as much around run rate, I would say, is really around larger deals and larger customers.
Rob Mason: Understood. Maybe just last question to follow up on that. The -- how do you think about -- again, in a situation like this where deals are being pushed and conservative outlooks on IT budgets, how do you feel about how the adjacent expansion areas perform relative to your core business? Are those at the same level of risk, or how do you view those differently just given different growth dynamics there?
A  Bill Burns: Yes, I'll start. And then I'll let Joe jump in. I think as I said, we saw growth in services and software in first quarter. So we continue to see that our software value proposition to our retail customers across Reflexis offering, Prescriptive Analytics, our Antuit. offerings, our Workforce Connect, has value to our retailers. And that falls into really an OpEx spending versus CapEx inside retail. We're seeing that strong interest in in our fixed industrial scanning and machine vision solutions. As we said, manufacturing continues to be more spending and focused on continuing to drive productivity inside their environment. So we're seeing opportunities there inside fixed industrial scanning, inside T&Ls, another opportunity. Again, we have lots of places where we can grow our market share across both those two segments. And we're seeing that Fetch from autonomous mobile robot and warehouse automation perspective, both fulfillment and material movement, and that applies again to T&L with 3PLs and then manufacturing with good movement, again strong interest there. So those businesses are much smaller, but I think we're continuing to see interest across our customers, and then we have lots of room to grow market share in things like machine vision and fixed industrial schemes.
Joe Heel: Yes, Rob, I would also point out some of the near adjacencies have been very strong contributors for us, not just in the last quarter, but recently. Tablets, for example, has become our fastest-growing mobile computing category, and we now have a number one market share position in tablets. That's been a terrific contributor. We're seeing those use cases only expand in areas like healthcare in areas like manufacturing that we hadn't even considered initially. And I mentioned earlier, RFID, right? How that's been a broad-based growth driver for us. And by the way, the same is true for what we did in bioptic scanning, where we now have a very strong market position. So those adjacencies that are close to our core have contributed very nicely.
Operator: The next question comes from Brian Drab with William Blair. You may proceed.
Blake Keating : Hi. Good morning. This is Blake Keating on for Brian.
Bill Burns : Good morning.
Nathan Winters : Good morning.
Blake Keating : Just wanting to dive a little bit into the second half implied guidance. I know it's already been asked a little bit, but I was curious just to hear outside of retail, what's driving your confidence in that second half revenue guide, if there's any end markets that are really -- that are growing or -- any color you can give there? And then how we should think about that in volume versus price?
Bill Burns : Yes, I would say that across T&L, that our customers continue to struggle with labor constraints and are looking to add to visibility across the supply chain, across their -- your networks. We've seen some positives where T&L customers continue to make investments despite some of the challenges around the macro environment. So two examples of that is our postal win in Japan and the RFID win in North America. T&L show that some large projects and outside of retail are clearly continuing and our customers see the value in our solutions. So I think that T&L manufacturing is another area where we're seeing really investment in that business around industrial automation and opportunities, as I mentioned before, around fixed industrial scanning and machine vision. So they delivered solid growth in Q1. And they continue to invest in infrastructure to be more effective and efficient and productive within both their environments, T&L and manufacturing, and we expect that to continue to grow. But to moderate from the strong growth we saw in Q1 due to macro environments. Health care is -- we saw strong results in Q1, and it's less sensitive and less correlated to the macro environment. So we feel good about health care as well. So I think those are areas that outside of retail that we've taken into account for our second half guide.
Joe Heel : And so -- and what I would add, Joe Heel here. By and large, we have not seen the deferrals of either project decisions or deployments nearly to the same degree in any of the three verticals Bill mentioned, T&L manufacturing or health care. They've had steady demand. Now we're expecting that some of that may moderate a bit because it was -- they were all up very strongly in Q1. But nevertheless, we expect those will continue to contribute. One other area that we're investing in that we think has some good growth potential is government. We're seeing some -- for reasons that are probably obvious, we're seeing some strong demand in the government sector.
Nathan Winters : And one thing I'd add, just on the second half, I mean for the full year, we're expecting about 1.5 of benefit in price, including the most recent announcement. And I think I'll just get back. If you look at the second half, the implied guide around minus 2% again. But on much easier comps, if you look at just the trajectory of the business last year and the first half growth versus second half as well as the favorable FX impact. So those are, again, some different dynamics when you look at the first half versus second half for the year.
Blake Keating : Got it. Thank you. And then just lastly, on the Matrox acquisition, I was just curious how the business is trending and how we should think about it moving forward?
Bill Burns: Yes. I think, I would say, overall, with the Matrox acquisition and Adaptive Vision, that it really creates a comprehensive portfolio of solutions across fixed industrial scanning and machine vision. So we marry our organic investment plus the acquisition of Matrox and Adaptive Vision to the portfolio. It really is what our customers and partners were looking for is to -- some of our customers are just beginning their automation journey. Others are -- have increased complex, use cases that they're trying to deploy solutions and they're looking for a provider, both our channel partners and our end customers that can provide the breadth and depth of that solution from hardware to software. From a Matrox perspective, specifically, we've seen continued progress. It's performed as expected, and the integration is proceeding as planned. We're looking to diversify our customer base there and really continue to grow the top line of that business. And that means that how do we extend our channel network and our partner community; we're working on expanding that. We're focusing on manufacturing opportunities. Examples could be automotive or battery manufacturing are two areas in which we see opportunities for us. And then, ultimately, leveraging the synergies, I said, across the two acquisitions in our organic portfolio. We're seeing strong interest from our customer base. We were just at ProMat manufacturing and supply chain trade show, and we saw strong interest from our customers. So we feel good about where we're at with Matrox and the opportunities we have ahead of us for machine vision and fixed industrial scanning.
Blake Keating: Got it. Thank you. Ill pass it along.
Operator: Today's last question comes from Guy Hardwick with Credit Suisse. Please proceed.
Guy Hardwick: Hi. Good morning.
Bill Burns: Hi. Good morning.
Guy Hardwick: I think, three months ago, you guys said on the Q4 call that channel inventories were only a few days higher than pre-pandemic levels. But, I think, Nathan said in answer to Rob's question that channel inventories are now back to pre-pandemic levels. Did I hear that correctly? First of all. And it sounds like in your prepared remarks that Q2 guidance in particular assumes further destocking. So based on your Q2 guidance, can you quantify what the difference could be between sell-in and sell-out in Q2?
Nathan Winters: Yes. So, I think, again, just sort of maybe clarify the comment in terms of -- we look at it in terms of an absolute range. So, I think, we're still in that same range we were in from a pre-pandemic, no different than we were in Q4, maybe just a little bit on the higher end. And so, we don't have a sales out to sales in reconciliation. I would say that, historically, when the velocity of the channel slows, we see an outsized impact as the distis moderate and manage their days on hand. So if they're selling over sales out of the channel that requires less inventory to support that, which means they're not going to make the same type of stocking orders. So it has an outsized impact on what we see from a sales end. So there's always a disconnect there based on, as you see the markets improve or decline. I think in Q2, that's amplified a bit by the improving lead times and their higher carrying costs. And I would just say, the opposite is true when the macro improves, we tend to see an accelerated recovery. But, again, that's not assumed in our full year guide.
Guy Hardwick: So there is an assumption of destocking in Q2. So it suggests that underlying demand is better than your sales guidance you gave.
Nathan Winters: That's right. As you would expect, if you have lower sales out of the channel that requires less inventory in the channel to support that business.
Guy Hardwick: So Nathan, last question for me. Just what is your FX assumption? FX rate assumption for the full -- rest of the year?
Nathan Winters: Yes, we take the spot market as we put the guide together. So sitting around whatever, just around $1.09 to $1.10 to the euro. .
Guy Hardwick: Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Burns for any closing remarks.
Bill Burns: Yes, I'd like to thank our partners, customers and employees for their support and dedication in this challenging in a certain environment. It's an honor to serve as CEO, and I'm excited about the opportunities ahead of us. Thank you. Have a great day.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. And you may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q4  (2023-02-16 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Fourth Quarter 2022 Zebra Technologies Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After todays presentation there will be opportunity to ask questions. Please note, this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mike Steele, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please come ahead.
Mike Steele: Good morning, and welcome to Zebra's fourth quarter conference call. This presentation is being simulcast on our website at investors.zebra.com, and will be archived there for at least one year. Our forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and assumptions and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially due to factors discussed in our SEC filings. During this call, we will reference non-GAAP financial measures as we describe our business performance. You can find reconciliations at the end of this slide presentation and in today's earnings press release. Throughout this presentation, unless otherwise indicated, our references to sales growth are year-over-year on a constant currency basis and exclude results from recently acquired businesses for the 12 months following each acquisition. This presentation will include prepared remarks from Anders Gustafsson, our Chief Executive Officer; Bill Burns, our Chief Product and Solutions Officer; and Nathan Winters, our Chief Financial Officer. Anders will begin with our fourth quarter highlights and an update on the previously announced CEO transition. Then Nathan will provide additional detail on the Q4 results and discuss our 2023 outlook. Bill will conclude with progress made on advancing our Enterprise Asset Intelligence vision. Following the prepared remarks, Joe Heel, our Chief Revenue Officer, will join us as we take your questions. Now let's turn to Slide 4 as I hand it over to Anders.
Anders Gustafsson: Thank you, Mike. Good morning, and thank you for joining us. It was a strong finish to a challenging year, with sales and profitability near the high end of our outlook. For the quarter, we realized sales growth of approximately 4%, an adjusted EBITDA margin of 22.5%, an 80-basis-point increase year-over-year. Non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $4.75, a 5% increase from the prior year, and strong free cash flow. Our team recovered from distribution challenges in North America to drive record sales volumes, which more than offset softer sales in our EMEA region. From a solutions offering perspective, printing, data capture, tablets and RFID were bright spots, more than offsetting lower sales of mobile computers. Although we continue to see cautious spending behavior with certain large customers, demand has generally remained solid, with strength in small to midsized orders. We secured a number of exciting wins, helping to drive a strong year-end and momentum into 2023. These wins included a large postal customer in Asia who expects to improve productivity and efficiency by equipping 70,000 mail carriers with our mobile computing solutions. A British grocer expects to improve their shopper experience and drive store efficiencies by deploying 80,000 personal shopper devices. And the European-based auto manufacturer plans to enable process improvement and quality assurance along all stages of the production line with 30,000 Zebra mobile computers. From a profitability perspective, we expanded EBITDA margin and increased EPS by scaling operating expenses and drove our strongest cash flow quarter of the year. As you are aware, in December, we announced that Bill Burns will succeed me as CEO effective March 1. Bill is the ideal leader to continue to advance our strategy and has the full support of our Board and executive team. Throughout his career, Bill has maintained a strong focus on culture, talent and innovation. He has been a key member of Zebra's executive leadership team since joining us more than seven years ago to lead and integrate the enterprise business, which we had just acquired at the time. Since the announcement, Bill and I have been busy meeting with stakeholders discussing the transition and Zebra's bright future. I've also been taking this opportunity to thank our employees, suppliers and partners for their support and growth collaboration through the years as we transformed our business. I look forward to continuing to ensure a smooth transition as I assume the role of Executive Chair. I will now turn the call over to Nathan to review our Q4 financial results in more detail and discuss our 2023 outlook.
Nathan Winters: Thank you, Anders. Let's start with the P&L on Slide 7. In Q4, net sales increased 2.5%, including the impact of currency and acquisitions, and 3.9% on an organic basis. Our Asset Intelligence and Tracking segment increased 13.5%, driven by double-digit growth in printing. Enterprise Visibility and Mobility segment sales were approximately flat, with mixed performance among our offerings. We realized particularly strong growth in data capture solutions, including RFID as well as rugged tablets. Mobile computing sales declined, primarily due to challenging prior year compares, particularly in EMEA. We also drove growth across services and software with strong service attach rates. Performance was mixed across our regions. North America sales increased 11%, helped by the recovery from supply chain challenges and strength in data capture and printing. EMEA sales declined 7%, primarily due to the 5-point impact of our suspension of sales into Russia in March as well as lower sales to large customers in Northern Europe. Asia-Pacific sales grew 3%, with strength in Japan and growth in China despite COVID challenges late in the quarter. And Latin America sales increased 7%, with strong growth in Brazil and Mexico. Adjusted gross margin decreased 10 basis points to 45.6% due to FX, offset by lower premium supply chain costs. Adjusted operating expenses were lower, improving by 100 basis points as a percent of sales, primarily due to lower incentive compensation and effective cost management. Fourth quarter adjusted EBITDA margin was 22.5%, an 80-basis-point increase driven by operating expense scaling. Non-GAAP earnings per diluted share was $4.75, a 4.6% year-over-year increase. Turning now to the balance sheet and cash flow highlights on Slide 8. In 2022, we generated $413 million of free cash flow. Although Q4 was strong, the full year was significantly lower than last year, primarily due to a higher use of working capital due to elevated inventory, higher incentive compensation payments given our exceptional 2021 performance, and $135 million of previously announced settlement payments, which are scheduled to conclude in Q1 of 2024. In 2022, we invested approximately $880 million in the Matrox Imaging acquisition to expand our machine vision solutions offering. We made $751 million of share repurchases and invested $12 million in venture investments. We ended the year at a comfortable 1.6 times net debt to adjusted EBITDA leverage ratio, and with more than $1.4 billion of capacity on our revolving credit facility. On Slide 9, we highlight premium supply chain costs, which have continued to improve from peak levels. The actions we have taken to redesign products, targeted price increases as well as improving freight rates and capacity have enabled us to reduce component purchases on the spot market and reduce the freight cost impact. Additionally, we have increased the volume of printer shipments on Ocean Premier, which will contribute to reduced freight costs through 2023. In Q4, we incurred premium supply chain costs of $25 million as compared to the prepandemic baseline, which was favorable to what we had anticipated in our prior outlook, and $38 million lower than the prior year. We are expecting these premium supply chain costs to steadily decline in 2023. Let's now turn to our outlook. Customer demand and our order pipeline remained healthy, yet we continue to see some softening of demand and elongated sales cycles that we referenced last quarter through the uncertain macro environment. We are taking a cautious approach to our sales outlook and expense management while working to rightsize our inventory levels. For the first quarter, our sales are expected to decline between 4% and 1% compared to the prior year. Our outlook assumes a 3-point negative impact from foreign currency changes and a 150-basis-point additive impact from recent acquisitions. This translates to expectations of negative 1% organic growth, which includes a 1-point headwind from sales into Russia last year. We anticipate Q1 adjusted EBITDA margin to be approximately 21%, driven by higher gross margins from improving supply chain costs despite significant FX headwinds. We expect premium supply chain costs to be approximately $20 million in Q1, a nearly $50 million year-over-year reduction. Non-GAAP diluted EPS is expected to be in the range of $3.70 to $4. For the full year 2023, we anticipate net sales to be in the range of a 3% decline and 1% growth. This outlook assumes a 50-basis-point net negative impact from foreign currency changes and acquisitions as FX headwinds moderate throughout the year. We anticipate full year adjusted EBITDA margin between 22% and 23%. We expect premium supply chain costs of approximately $50 million for the year, with continued improvement in product availability. We have also proactively managed operating expenses as evidenced by OpEx scaling in Q4 and recent targeted restructuring actions as we enter 2023, which enabled us to preserve strategic investments in the business. We expect our free cash flow to be at least $650 million for the year, which reflects the benefit of working down elevated inventory levels through the year, higher cash taxes and $180 million of previously announced settlement payments. Please reference additional modeling assumptions shown on Slide 10. Note that the cost of borrowing is expected to be approximately 5% to 6% this year, and our non-GAAP tax rate is expected to be approximately 19% due to the United Kingdom corporate tax rate increase. With that, I will turn the call to Bill to discuss how we are advancing our Enterprise Asset Intelligence vision.
Bill Burns: Thank you, Nathan. Before I talk about the progress we are making on our vision, I'd like to take a moment to thank Anders for his exceptional leadership with Zebra over the last 15 years. Through disciplined organic investment and strategic acquisitions, he's led the transformation of Zebra. He sponsored an innovative and authentic culture that has received many awards recognizing Zebra as a great place to work. Also under his leadership, shareholder value creation has significantly exceeded broader market benchmarks. I'm excited to build upon Anders legacy by continuing to advance our Enterprise Asset Intelligence vision. Slide 12 illustrates how we digitize and automate the front line of business by leveraging our industry-leading portfolio of products, software and services. By transforming workflows with our proven solutions that generate an attractive return on investment, Zebra's customers can effectively address their increasingly complex operational challenges. Our innovative solutions empower the workforce to do their jobs more effectively by navigating constant change in a near real time, utilizing insights driven by our advanced software capabilities such as prescriptive analytics and intelligent automation. As I focus on moving Zebra forward, we will collaborate closely with customers and partners to continue to elevate Zebra as a premier solutions provider and work to attract, develop and retain top global talent to drive innovation. Slide 13 summarizes our served market opportunities and long-term growth profile. The fundamental drivers of our business remain intact. Mega trends, including the on-demand economy, asset visibility, mobility and cloud computing and intelligent automation, provides secular tailwinds for our business. I am proud of the progress we're making in elevating our strategic relationship with our customers. We continue to extend our leadership position in our core business and are gaining traction in adjacent and expansion markets, which have higher growth profiles. Anders and Nathan highlighted RFID as a bright spot, where we have a comprehensive solutions offering for a wide range of use cases. Our momentum continues as we were just awarded a record RFID win last week. Another highlight is our market share gains in rugged tablets as a result of our focused investment. Overall, I believe we're well positioned to deliver 5% to 7% organic growth over a cycle, with an increasing attractive margin profile as we drive continued traction across our core, adjacent and expansion markets. Now we turn to Slide 14. Businesses partnered with Zebra to optimize their end-to-end workflows as they strive to meet an increasing demands of consumers across a variety of vertical end markets. As you can see on the slide, we address a wide range of workflows and use cases across retail and e-commerce, transportation logistics, manufacturing, health care and other markets. Anders highlighted a few recent wins across these markets. The breadth of business challenges we are addressing has been expanding through our investment in new offerings and markets, enabling us to further penetrate customer accounts. For example, leveraging our existing relationships enabled us to secure autonomous mobile robot and machine vision wins with our customers in manufacturing and warehouse use cases. We see a tremendous opportunity to continue to elevate and grow our customer relationships through our expanded solutions offerings. On Slide 15, we highlight how Zebra was able to showcase how our solutions positively impact retail store operations to more than 1,300 customers at the National Retail Federation's trade show last month. At the event, we brought the modern store concept to life by demonstrating how our portfolio of solutions empower retailers to better engage associates, optimize inventory and elevate the customer experience. Our booth featured representatives from 2 prominent retailers who share how our solutions have improved their operational challenges. [Although some] improvement has realized the synergies of combining Zebra's mobile printers, mobile computers and our workflow optimization software solutions that improve the customer experience, increase efficiency and reduce friction in their workflows. Zebra's solutions have resulted in increased customer satisfaction by improving inventory accuracy and streamlining the buy online, pickup in store experience as well as over 1 million hours of annualized labor savings and reduced label waste. Vera Bradly has improved associate engagement and retention by prioritizing workloads through our task and workforce management software solutions. By leveraging Zebra's mobile devices and software solutions, they can now align the right task to the right associate in real time, and increased employee satisfaction by reducing friction in scheduling. Additionally, insights in our software solutions elevate the customers' experience for Vera Bradley by empowering frontline associates with better information, including visibility of product inventory and pricing. In closing, I look forward to working with our team to advance our Enterprise Asset Intelligence vision by fostering an innovation -- innovative culture, collaborating with our customers and partners and delivering profitable growth across our core adjacent expansion markets. Now I'll hand it back to Mike.
Mike Steele: Thanks, Bill. We'll now open the call to Q&A. We ask that you limit yourself to 1 question and 1 follow-up so that we can get to as many of you as possible.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Today's first question comes from Damian Karas with UBS. Please go ahead.
Damian Karas: So my first question is related to your sales outlook. And in particular, we've heard some of your competitors and even one of your major distribution partners recently talking about inventory channel destocking taking place. I'm just curious if you guys are seeing the negative impact from that at all? And to what extent that's factored into your guidance for the year?
Anders Gustafsson: Yes. Starting on the channel inventory side, our -- the global channel inventory levels are healthy for us, and we see solid sell-through signals and -- particularly, that's true for our run rate business. Inventory levels have rebounded in 2022 for our -- in our channel. But you've got to remember that, at the end of 2021, the industry was going through some very substantial supply chain constraints and the channel was nearly stocked out. So in 2022, that rebounded to some degree, but more back to normal levels. But inventory levels, in absolute dollar terms in our channel compared to, say, pre-pandemic is up. But if you normalize that around days on hand inventory, which is how we really measure the health of the inventory in the channel, that is actually about only up by a couple of days compared to prepandemic.
Damian Karas: And then switching gears to the margin trajectory here. If we kind of look at the low end of that adjusted EBITDA guidance, it doesn't suggest much improvement, especially when you kind of look at the notable step down you guys are expecting in the premium supply chain cost. So I was wondering if you could maybe just give a sense on how you're thinking about that margin guidance range? And as it relates to the $50 million premium costs, are you basically assuming that, that's more or less eliminated by the third quarter?
Nathan Winters: So David, this is Nathan. If you look at our guide for the year, an EBITDA of 22% to 23%, it's a point higher than we were in 2022. And as you mentioned, the primary driver is the supply chain improvements, which is about 2 points of improvement, but that's being offset by 1 point of FX for the year, particularly here in the first half on the comps from where the FX -- the rate was a year ago in the euro. We also have pricing actions we've taken throughout the year that are flowing through, and that's largely offsetting material labor costs predicted for the year. So that's -- that's how to frame it. We're definitely seeing the flow-through from the improvement in premium supply chain costs and lower freight rates, but FX is the real headwind that's offsetting it.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question today comes from Jim Rashidi at Needham & Company. Please go ahead.
Jim Ricchiuti: I wonder if you could provide us with your general outlook for the projects business in '23. Are you seeing any changes? You've expressed some caution that you're seeing from some customers. But what's your outlook for that part of the business?
Bill Burns: Yes, Joe, I'd say -- this is Bill. I'd say overall that, from a macro environment, we're seeing really mixed signals. As you said, we're seeing, on one hand, really elongated sales cycles and some softening of demand, especially from some select large customers. That's resulting in some delays in pushouts. We saw that in first quarter -- sorry, fourth quarter, and it's reflected in our first quarter and 2023 outlook. On the other hand, we're really seeing that we've got strong backlog and the pipeline is healthy for projects for 2023. Our run rate sales in fourth quarter were strong, and we're continuing to see that in Q1. And as we just talked about, our global -- just the inventory levels are healthy. So it's really mixed signals out there that's keeping us cautious overall. And I think that our view of that is that we're going to continue to monitor the environment in 2023. We're going to take an agile approach to really managing expenses and focus on profit margin expansion and -- but at the same time, really preserving the strategic investments we're making throughout the year. So I think, overall, we're highly confident in our solutions offering and our ability to continue to take share in 2023, but it just makes sense for us to be cautious given the macro uncertainty that's out there today.
Joe Heel: Jim, this is Joe Heel. Maybe 1 or 2 additional data points on this. As we entered the year, our pipeline of large projects was about the same as it was the year before. So quite strong, and we're quite satisfied with how solid that pipeline of large deals was. When we are talking about caution and softness, I would say it's sort of the best possible thing you can hope for if you're in sales, which is, customers are keeping the projects. In some cases, they are delaying the start time at them. In some cases, they are rolling them out over a longer period of time. But I would say those are few and far between at this point, and that's really the nature of what's driving some caution on our front.
Jim Ricchiuti: The follow-up question I have is just as you went through Q4 and thus far this year, have you seen any changes in demand, meaningful changes, either in some of your major geographic regions or major market verticals?
Joe Heel: Yes. I can also speak to that. I think we have a few anomalies that you're aware of, right? You know about our exit from Russia prior year. So that revenue is obviously not there. You probably expected that, in the Chinese market, we would have less revenue this quarter than we had in the quarter -- same quarter prior year because of the COVID situation. By the way, that is very quickly recovering. We're seeing a quick recovery of that. So those are perhaps some of the changes. But other than that, I couldn't say that there's a major shift in region or vertical makeup of our revenue structure.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Paul Chung at JP Morgan. Please go ahead.
Paul Chung: So just on the EBITDA margin guide up this year, can you expand on kind of the gross margin versus OpEx dynamic and driving that outlook? Freight's coming down materially, but just want to get a sense for gross margin expansion expected throughout the year, with 1Q most likely be in the trough? And then I have a follow-up.
Nathan Winters: Yes. So Paul, if you look at the full year guide on EBITDA, I mean both the supply chain improvements and FX will flow through from a margin perspective. So I think we expect margin to -- gross margin to increase throughout the year because of those two dynamics. I think from an OpEx scaling, we'd say roughly flat to in line with prior year just as we work through some of the increasing compensation and incentive compensation year-on-year. But again, I think, largely, the benefit in EBITDA would flow through mostly in gross margin.
Paul Chung: And then just on the RFID opportunity, how large is the contribution to the business today? I mean, you guys have been in the market for a long time. So where are you seeing accelerating growth, and some use cases across retail and other verticals?
Bill Burns: Yes, I would say that -- this is Bill, Paul. The low single digits is the size we think about. We're excited about the RFID opportunity. As we mentioned in the remarks that we've just won our largest RFID opportunity ever really in the T&L space. And we've seen RFID move from just really retail into retail supply chain, now into the broader supply chain and opportunities within transportation logistics, which is really around parcel and others that create really an opportunity of a wider served use cases. And in retail, we're seeing large retailers mandate the tagging of items within retail. We're seeing new opportunities there around loss prevention. As I mentioned, T&L opportunities, we're seeing quick-serve restaurants deploy RFID. In the NFL, we're doing both active and passive RFID. So we just renewed the contract there within -- in our relationship within the NFL. So we're excited about the RFID market. We've got the broadest and deepest set of RFID solutions today in the market, ranging and covering all those use cases I talked about. So the expansion of the use cases beyond retail is what's exciting to us, and we've got the portfolio really to go address it and we're excited about it.
Joe Heel: Let me add one other thing, Paul, to that, which is, I think tipping points in the RFID market have been claimed several times in history, and I don't think we want to say that today, but there are some very exciting developments in this market that we're certainly bullish on. One of them is, last year, one of our largest retailers announced that they were converting significant portions of their operation to RFID. And the win that Bill mentioned earlier in his remarks that we just -- which was a record RFID deal, the largest in certainly our business and we believe in the industry, is in T&L. And so with two large retailer and a large T&L company adopting RFID, what this will do, we think, is that it will drive economies of scale in the market and also be a lighthouse for other competitors in these segments to adopt this technology, which provides significant improvements in throughput time and productivity, in addition to the economies of scale that delivers for the broader market. So we're pretty excited about this and foresee some strong growth for it.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Keith Housum with Northcoast Research. Please go ahead.
Keith Housum: Joe, just unpacking some of the guidance a little bit. When you're seeing deals that are being delayed or kind of spread out, perhaps can you give us a little bit of color about the momentum or the motivation that the companies have in doing so? Is it business specific issues? Are they worried about the economy, perhaps a little bit of guidance there.
Joe Heel: Yes. Keith, this is Joe Heel again. What we're hearing from those customers is mostly that they are looking to adapt their spending to their budgets. And if we think about retailers, which probably make up a meaningful portion of some of those situations where we're seeing that, they are adapting their budgets to what they see as demand in for their business. And as they're doing that, they're asking to spread -- they still need our technology. I think that's the important piece that we see and why we're seeing a push out or maybe a delay in the deployment schedule. So they're trying to fit it in because they know they need this technology, but they're trying to adapt when they're spending the money to when they think it will be available in their business. I think that's the best description.
Keith Housum: And Bill, just trying to unpack a little bit more about the supply chain issues as my follow-up here. Do you guys see still the middle of the year when supply chain issues really become alleviated and you're back to prepandemic levels?
Bill Burns: Yes. I think that -- I mean, from an availability perspective, I think we're pretty much there. I mean we're seeing components move into reasonable, much more reasonable lead times, not all, but many. The majority of our items have come back to normal delivery time frames overall. So I think that we feel good about our supply chain and the recovery of that, really almost the majority of almost everything really in first quarter is what I say, from our supply chain perspective.
Nathan Winters: Yes. Keith, the only thing -- this is Nathan. I'd add is, it's obviously a dynamic environment, and we're monitoring it in terms of events and shutdowns and things like that, that could disrupt that. And I'd also say it's also relative. If you look at -- our freight rates is a great example. It's meaningfully better than where they were a year ago or even 6 months ago, but still we're still paying 2 times to 3 times what we pay prepandemic. So I think it's also relative in terms of where we were historically to where we've been a year ago in terms of how we feel about the overall supply chain.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Meta Marshall with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Meta Marshall: Just a couple of questions for me. One, you mentioned longer deal cycles, but I guess I was just wondering, is there any change to kind of the deal sizing that they're putting together of maybe looking at some lower-cost SKUs or outfitting kind of fewer reps? Just any change to kind of the overall deal size that's worth noting? And then maybe, second, now that you've had Matrox just a couple of quarters, you did mention some kind of machine vision type wins. Just wondering kind of where you're seeing -- where you are on that integration where you see kind of the best opportunities going forward there?
Joe Heel: Meta, Joe Heel here. In terms of the longer -- in terms of the nature of these longer deal cycles, generally, we have not seen downsizing of deals or down tiering of devices. I could think of maybe 1 or 2 instances. It's more what I was describing earlier to Keith where the deal is being elongated in terms of either the deployment schedule over instead of taking it all in Q1, they're going to take it over 3 quarters for the rest of the year, or they might say, I don't want to take it in Q1, I want to take it in Q2. That's the most common one. Downsizing, I would say not so much, right? We're not seeing that as much.
Mike Steele: Yes. From a Matrox perspective, I can take that, Joe. I think, overall, we're encouraged certainly by the progress of Matrox. It performed well in 2022 with actually a record year. the integration is moving as planned. As kind of a quick reminder, the Matrox is really complementary to our organic investment that we made in the fixed industrial scanning and smart camera market. It really brought to us the breadth and depth of the portfolio that our partners were encouraging us to have in that marketplace. So it brought vision controllers and Frank grabbers and 3D sensors along with a portfolio of software solutions and a software library to meet many use cases in that marketplace overall. So I'd say we're happy with the progress so far. It's -- there's lots of opportunities for us out there in machine vision across manufacturing, and transportation logistics is the primary markets that we're focused on and things are going well so far.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Guy Hardwick at Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Guy Hardwick: Particularly as it pertains to your Q1 guidance, can you give us some sort of trends as to the difference between Zebra sales into the channel and then the distributor sales out of the channel, and maybe also how that differs from direct business?
Nathan Winters: So maybe just to frame the Q1 guide of minus 4% to minus 1%, again, as we mentioned before, we have, again, backlog and pipeline to support the outlook. We've actually had a solid start to the quarter, both in shipments into the channel as well as we're seeing nice momentum from a sales out, particularly on the run rate business. We're also realizing some nice price realization, which is about 1 point of benefit in the quarter. So I'd say, early on, again, seeing nice momentum both from a sales in and sales out. I'd say the -- but the guide also reflects, as we've talked about before, more the uncertainty in the environment and that cautious behavior, particularly as a lot of our customers are finalizing their capital budgets for the year. And the other thing important to note is that Q1 takes the full effect of the Russia headwind for the year, which is about 1 point for the first quarter. So I would say, no meaningful difference between what we're seeing within our own activity with the channel as well as from a sales out perspective, that's noteworthy.
Guy Hardwick: Just to follow up. Is it correct that the gross margin benefit from supply chain, declining supply chain headwinds should be most significant in Q1?
Nathan Winters: From a year-on-year perspective, if you look at the EBITDA guide of approximately 21%, the supply chain benefit or the premium supply chain benefit is about 3 points, but that's offset by 2 points of FX. So that's -- those are the kind of main drivers from a year-on-year. But yes, you're right. From a year-on-year perspective, Q1 last year was about the peak in terms of premium supply chain costs.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Rob Mason at Baird. Please go ahead.
Rob Mason: I just wanted to circle back again to your commentary around the run rate business. Several times you've commented on healthy sales there, sell out. I'm just curious, how much visibility do you have into the bookings trends in that part of the business? And is it seeing any of the elongated deal cycles or any sense of that?
Joe Heel: Joe Heel, here. The run rate has been very strong, I would say, for Q4, in particular, and we're seeing that continue into Q1. We -- in terms of visibility, this is the type of business where people obviously don't book big deals with us. They go to distributors and buy what they have on their shelf. So the visibility is typically based on our conversations with distributors and what they're telling us, they're seeing as their order intake. And so it's much less of a visibility. But what we have so far, even in the first weeks of this quarter, has been very strong. So we've been pleasantly surprised, in particular, for printing and scanning, which were areas of our business that we didn't have as much stock over the course of the last year. And as a result, we're very pleased to see that, that run rate in printing and scanning in particular, is so resilient, right, that customers are staying loyal to us and continuing to buy again from the distributors.
Anders Gustafsson: Maybe there's two further points on that. One will be that we don't necessarily have the same visibility into each and in every deal, but this is one where you have a large number of orders, so you get kind of a more statistical confidence from that. And if you look at historically, our run rate business tends to be more of a longer cycle business for us. If we have a strong quarter, it tends not to be kind of one strong quarter and then it drops down. It tends to be that we have four to six quarters of strength in those -- in that cycle. So it's followed by maybe one or two quarters of a little softer demand. So we would expect this to continue for a few more quarters.
Rob Mason: Understood. Understood. And then I wanted to go back to your geographic commentary. I think when you mentioned Asia, you called out Japan was strong. I think, historically, Japan has not necessarily been a large market for you. Could you just outline maybe what you're seeing in Japan, what your expectations might be there? If anything is changing on that front?
Anders Gustafsson: First, we're very pleased with the performance of the quarter. We had record sales. We came in above the high end of our outlook. We executed very well, I think, and recovered from the distribution network challenges that we had in Q3, and we drove double-digit sales in North America. We talked earlier about the strength we've seen in kind of run rate business, and we see that certainly in small and midsized customers. And we had particularly strong growth from a solutions perspective with print, data capture, RFID, tablets, but partially offset by lower mobile computing sales in Europe, due in part to the exit from Russia in Q1 of last year. Now Asia-Pac was -- had a good performance, particularly when you consider COVID in China. We have very broad-based growth, and we saw nice growth in China, Australia and New Zealand. But Japan, as you mentioned, is kind of the standout here. They have -- we had exceptional growth in Japan. We have invested in driving penetration in the Japanese market over the last several years, both from a go-to-market perspective, but also from a product perspective. And this large postal carrier win that we mentioned is kind of the latest evidence of that. So we now have a very strong position in Japan in mobile computing, which is one of the largest markets in the world that we really didn't have much of a presence before.
Joe Heel: And I'll add one thing to that. So Japan is the third largest market that we operate in. And it's one, as you say correctly, where our share in the past had been relatively low. But two important things have changed that I think have given us some really good momentum here. Andrew has mentioned it. The first thing that's changed is that the market has begun to embrace Android. And this may seem like it's out of pace, and it is much later than many other markets in the world that, that market has made the mobile computing shift from Windows to Android, and that has given us a big opportunity, right? Because many of the local Japanese competitors, who have dominated that market, have not been as quick with Android as we have, and that has given us an opportunity, and that's a great example is this postal carrier deal that Anders mentioned. That's what we did. The second thing that we've done is, we have shifted our go-to-market strategy to focus more heavily on partners. And so we're working with some of the largest systems integrators now in the Japanese market. That's how we won this the postal carrier deal. That's how we've won several other large deals, in particular, in retail around mobile computing. And the combination of those two are really giving us some momentum we hadn't seen in any of the years before.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Brian Drab at William Blair. Please go ahead.
Brian Drab: I was just wondering if you could talk a little bit more about what you're seeing in the different verticals? I'm not sure you've really sell that out this morning in terms of manufacturing, retail, transportation, logistics, health care. I assume you want to give expected growth rates for those verticals in 2023, but if you could even give ranges or rank order where you're expecting the most strength or the weakest performance?
Anders Gustafsson: That can be a long answer. So I'll give you -- start a little bit high, and then we can pick up a couple of the verticals maybe here, but across all our verticals, as I said, we are seeing very strong secular trends to digitize and automate workflows and empower frontline workers in a much more labor-constrained environment. And these trends continue to drive an increased need for our type of solutions across a wide range of vertical end markets. You specifically mentioned manufacturing. We had a very strong performance in Q4 in manufacturing. We had a number of very significant wins that we were very proud of. We are mentioned the one in the automotive side in my prepared remarks. There are some attractive trends in manufacturing that are helping to drive our business here. One is around the business must invest in traceability tools to create more sustainable supply chains. Another one is around industrial automation investment trends in productivity and visibility. And those present opportunities for our solutions, including machine vision and our autonomous mobile robots or Fetch solutions. We've certainly seen very strong traction with machine vision in manufacturing and have some attractive early wins here. We are very excited about what we -- what and our Adaptive vision acquisitions can bring to our customers and partners here. I can dig into other verticals also, but see if you have any other questions here.
Brian Drab: Well, I mean I was just wondering if you could comment, even just briefly or just a bullet point on each one, transportation logistics, up or down in 2023, health care up or down, retail up or down, just directionally even, and anything on all of the four major verticals you play in?
Anders Gustafsson: I think that we probably will leave kind of the outlook around the overall corporate level. But maybe I'll just say that for -- in retail, in 2022, we had approximately flat sales in retail vertical with some very broad-based growth that offset the pullback of one very large customers. So you can see the strong momentum we have across the industry where we could offset a very large customer pulling back in a pretty big way. So the diversification we have across all of these verticals is definitely helping us to mitigate kind of volatility and drive more consistent results.
Operator: And our next question comes from Tommy Moll of Stephens. Please go ahead.
Thomas Moll : I wanted to start on the revenue outlook you've provided for 2023, which you've described as embedding a cautious approach. When you use that word cautious, are you primarily referring to some of the spending patterns among the large customers that you referenced? Or is this more a philosophical adjustment you've made where you look at your opportunities and maybe you discount the probability of conversion on some of these deals higher than you typically would just given the macro uncertainty?
Nathan Winters: Tommy, this is Nathan. I think, as you look at the full year guide, which is about, from an organic perspective, slightly down at the midpoint, as you mentioned before, I think it's a combination of the two, right, both kind of cautious in the overall assumptions due to the macro environment and how that's going to play out through the rest of the year as well as to your other point of how we kind of look at each -- look at some of those large opportunities and probability weight those for the year. And we think, we believe the range we provided is given that overall uncertainty.
Bill Burns: Yes, I'd just add that I think we feel good about our business. I think this is really all about macro uncertainty. I mean I think we think that we're going to continue to take share in 2023. That's how we see it. We're the leader across the core markets we serve. We've got attractive opportunities across the adjacencies and the expansion business we've invested in. So I think we feel good about our business. I think the uncertainty really is around what's happening around macro, and we're clearly seeing some of that come through in our results in Q4 and our guide for Q1 and '23.
Thomas Moll : And if the macro were to deteriorate, could you rank order or maybe just identify one or two of the key verticals where you would expect to see that pressure first versus maybe some of the verticals where you would expect more a secular growth trend through the year? Is that possible?
Bill Burns: I'm not sure we'd see it as separate verticals. What I'd say is that the across the diversification of our solutions and our verticals actually give us kind of resiliency in a downturn, which would dampen some of the cyclicality. So I think this diverse solutions based that we have in product portfolio and the new investments we're making is dampen cyclicality across that customer base. So I'm not sure we'd see it as one worse than the other. I mean, Joe may want to add to it. But I think that we think overall that we're going to take a disciplined approach to OpEx during the year and focus our investments. I think that, from that perspective, I don't think we see one vertical over another.
Anders Gustafsson: You could think of maybe as health care as one that will be more resilient. I think the economic cycles will probably not impact health care as much. So it's been our fastest-growing vertical over quite a while, and we would expect that to continue to do well. more irrespective of the economic outlook.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, this concludes our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Gustafsson for any closing remarks.
Anders Gustafsson: So as I wrap up my 62nd earnings call, I would like to again thank our partners, customers and employees for their contributions in transforming Zebra. I am proud of the progress we have made together and believe we will continue to prosper with Bill as our next CEO. I also want to thank our analysts and investors for your continued support of Zebra. Although this will be my last earnings call, I look forward to ensuring a smooth leadership transition and starting my new role as Executive Chair, while continuing to support Bill and Zebra's ongoing success. Have a great day, everyone.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. We thank you all for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect your lines, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-11-01 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Third Quarter 2022 Zebra Technologies Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] Please note this that is being recorded. I'd now like to turn the conference over to Mike Steele, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Mike Steele: Good morning, and welcome to Zebra's third quarter conference call. This presentation is being simulcast on our website at investors.zebra.com and will be archived there for at least one year. Our forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and assumptions and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially due to factors discussed in our SEC filings. During this call, we will reference non-GAAP financial measures as we describe our business performance. You can find reconciliations at the end of this slide presentation and in today's earnings press release. Throughout this presentation, unless otherwise indicated, our references to sales growth are year-over-year on a constant currency basis and exclude results from recently acquired businesses for the 12 months following each acquisition. This presentation will include prepared remarks from Anders Gustafsson, our Chief Executive Officer; and Nathan Winters, our Chief Financial Officer. Anders will begin with our third quarter results. Then Nathan will provide additional detail on the financials and discuss our fourth quarter outlook. Anders will conclude with progress made on advancing our Enterprise Asset Intelligence Vision. Following the prepared remarks, Joe Heel, our Chief Revenue Officer, will join us as we take your questions. Now let's turn to Slide 4 as I hand it over to Anders.
Anders Gustafsson: Thank you, Mike. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. For the quarter, we realized a sales decline of 3%, and adjusted EBITDA margin of 21.1%, a 60 basis point decrease; and non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $4.12, a 9% decrease from the prior year. We were unable to fulfill all orders due to supply chain challenges related to persistent component shortages for certain products as well as disruption in the transition to our new North American distribution center in the Chicago area. These challenges led to lower throughput than planned late in the quarter. This, along with orders from some large customers being deferred contributed to the lower-than-expected results. In North America and EMEA, cycling two prior year large mobile computing deployments and suspension of sales in Russia resulted in the sales declines. Our Asia Pacific and Latin America regions were bright spots in the quarter with double-digit sales growth. Globally, we realized sales growth with our small and medium-sized customers, which was more than offset by a decline from our large customers. From a solutions offering perspective, we drove growth across data capture, printing, supplies, services and software. These helped to partially offset the sales decline in mobile computing. We expanded gross margin over the prior year, despite significant FX pressure, yet EBITDA margin contracted and EPS declined due to the deleveraging of operating expenses from the sales decline. We have initiated meaningful actions to address the supply chain challenges, which was the primary driver for our results. These include, organizational changes and the reallocation of resources to drive improved focus and execution in our supply chain, initiating specific actions with our supply chain partners to improve operations and extending the planned transition of our North America distribution center to mitigate execution risk. Customer demand and our order pipeline generally remains healthy, yet has slowed since late Q3. Given the macroeconomic uncertainty, we see elongated sales cycles and certain projects being deferred. As a result, we are taking a cautious approach to our Q4 sales outlook and expense management while working to rightsize our working capital levels in the coming quarters to improve free cash flow conversion. At the same time, we continue to prudently invest in initiatives that advance our solutions offerings. With that, I will now turn the call over to Nathan to review our Q3 financial results in more detail and discuss our fourth quarter outlook.
Nathan Winters: Thank you, Anders. Let's start with the P&L on Slide 6. In Q3, adjusted net sales declined 4%, including the impact of currency and acquisitions and down 3.2% on an organic basis, primarily due to supply chain challenges and lower sales to large customers. Our Asset Intelligence and Tracking segment increased 12.4%, driven by double-digit growth in both printing and supplies as product availability has continued to generally improve. Enterprise Visibility & Mobility segment sales declined 8.8% due to supply chain bottlenecks, including component shortages. We realized particularly strong growth in data capture solutions, including RFID and as well as rugged tablets. We also drove growth across services and software with strong service attach rates and attractive software offerings. Performance was mixed across our regions. Asia Pacific sales grew 20% with broad-based strength across the region, including China. Latin America sales increased 10% with exceptional growth in Mexico. And in North America and EMEA, sales decreased 9% and 2%, respectively, due to the supply chain challenges, lower sales to large customers and the suspension of sales in Russia. Adjusted gross margin increased 80 basis points to 45.8% and due to favorable business mix and lower premium supply chain costs, partially offset by unfavorable FX. Adjusted operating expenses increased due to acquisitions and delevered by 60 basis points due to the sales decline. Third quarter adjusted EBITDA margin was 21.1%, a 60 basis point decrease from the prior year period due to expense deleveraging on lower sales. Non-GAAP earnings per diluted share was $4.12, a 9.5% year-over-year decrease. Turning now to the balance sheet and cash flow highlights on Slide 7. For the first nine months of 2022, we generated $170 million of free cash flow, which was significantly lower than last year, primarily due to a higher use of working capital due to elevated inventory and sales volume shifting to later in the quarter. Higher incentive compensation payments given our exceptional 2021 performance and $90 million of previously announced settlement payments. We made $50 million of share repurchases and invested $6 million in venture investments in the third quarter. We ended the quarter at a comfortable 1.7 times net debt to adjusted EBITDA leverage ratio and with more than $1.2 billion of capacity on our revolving credit facility. On Slide 8, we highlight that premium supply chain costs have improved from peak levels. The actions we have taken to redesign products, targeted price increases as well as the improving freight capacity have enabled us to reduce purchases on the spot market and reduce the freight cost impact. We are on plan to move printer shipments to ocean from air late this year and into early 2023. For the full year 2022, we now expect approximately $190 million of premium supply chain costs over pre-pandemic 2019 levels, a $10 million reduction from our prior outlook. In Q3, we incurred premium supply chain costs of $30 million as compared to the pre-pandemic baseline, which was favorable to what we had anticipated in our prior outlook. In total, Q3 transitory items had a combined favorable gross margin impact of $14 million year-over-year. And in Q4 are expected to be approximately $35 million, which is a nearly $30 million reduction year-on-year. Let's now turn to our outlook. Q4 sales are expected to be approximately flat from the prior year period, with a range of negative 2% to positive 1% growth. As compared to our prior outlook, the lower sales growth is driven by softening demand, continued supply chain challenges and currency headwinds. We are confident in this guide given our relatively strong order backlog, improved quarter-to-date shipment activity and actions taken to stabilize North American distribution. We estimate a two-point additive impact from recently acquired businesses and a four-point negative impact from foreign currency changes. As a reminder, approximately 25% of our global sales are denominated in euros. We anticipate Q4 adjusted EBITDA margin to be between 22% and 23%, which is an increase from both the prior year and the prior quarter. Given our tempered view of the demand environment, we are taking a conservative approach to managing operating expenses while preserving strategic growth investments. Non-GAAP diluted EPS is expected to be in the range of $4.50 to $4.80. We now expect our free cash flow to be at least $400 million for the year, which we have significantly reduced from our prior outlook due to lower profits and elevated inventory levels that we will be working down into 2023 as we rationalize safety stock and execute on our North America distribution transition. Sales seasonality has improved to more normalized levels in Q4, which should drive the peak cash flow quarter for 2022. Please reference additional modeling assumptions shown on Slide 9. With that, I will turn the call back to Anders to discuss how we are advancing our Enterprise Asset Intelligence vision with our customers.
Anders Gustafsson: Thank you, Nathan. The long-term fundamental drivers of our business remain strong. Slide 11 illustrates how we digitize and automate the front line of business by leveraging our industry-leading portfolio of products, software and services. By transforming workflows with our proven solutions, Zebra's customers can effectively address their complex operational challenges, which have been magnified through the pandemic. This value proposition resonates with customers in any macroeconomic environment as it improves productivity and inventory accuracy among an extensive list of other operational benefits. As we have expanded our portfolio with compelling solutions, we have elevated our strategic position with our customers. Our trusted relationships with our partners across the globe augment our capabilities, enabling us to serve more customers worldwide. Our new fixed industrial scanning and machine vision solutions resonated well with customers and partners at recent trade shows in Stuttgart, Germany and Boston, Massachusetts. Our booths featured advanced optical character recognition supported by deep learning capabilities gained through our 2021 Adaptive Vision acquisition. Our comprehensive offering has put us in a strong competitive position. Now turning to Slide 12. Businesses partner with Zebra to optimize their end-to-end workflows as they strive to meet the increasing demands of consumers. Zebra solutions continue to represent a necessary investment, and I would like to highlight several recent key wins across our end markets A large North American retailer recently selected Zebra's TC52 mobile computers for their stable network connection, durability and camera performance. This customer maximizes value from Zebra solutions by combining our mobile computers with our Reflexis workforce and task management, Zebra Prescriptive Analytics and Intuit software. This combination enables the retailer to improve inventory accuracy and the omni-channel shopping experience for their customers. A North American-based fast food chain has chosen Zebra's handheld RFID solution to enhance inventory management. This solution will enable each restaurant to reap the benefits of a more digitized supply chain by streamlining the process to track and trace inventory from its suppliers to the restaurant. Adoption of this technology will assist the customer to comply with the Food Safety Modernization Act. A transportation company in Europe has begun rolling out approximately 20,000 mobile tablets to streamline their vehicle rental process. Zebra's exceptional service and integrated product offerings displaced a competitor and will enable associates to complete vehicle workarounds inspections in the reservation process more efficiently. The convenience store chain in Latin America is expanding their use of Zebra solutions from the distribution center to the front of store with more than 50,000 Zebra mobile computers, printers and tablets. Deployment of these Zebra solutions is expected to significantly increase productivity, inventory accuracy and improve shopper satisfaction. Zebra's Mobility DNA software, which enables intuitive device management and our compelling customer value proposition were key differentiators in this competitive win. Apparel manufacturer, BMC, recently selected Zebra's autonomous mobile robots and fixed industrial scanners for their new 50,000 square foot North American facility. Zebra collaborated with a major partner to develop a solution that would enable a flexible workflow and enhanced visibility along each step of the production line. By combining our autonomous mobile robots and fixed industrial scanners, BMC will realize powerful synergies with scanners tracking each step of production in directing the robots along the workflow. The robots streamline associates movements, enabling faster fulfillment. This flexible and scalable solution was preferred to a traditional fixed conveyance system because it saves a vital warehouse space and adjusts to demand. Additionally, we recently secured a large win with a major European retailer who selected Zebra's fixed industrial scanners to significantly reduce scan time, increasing throughput at several thousand packing stations, resulting in a faster than one-year payback on investment. Zebra's collaboration with the customer and a valued partner was integral to this competitive win. As we turn to Slide 13, I want to reiterate that the actions we have taken to address our challenges with North American distribution, elevated inventory levels and increased macroeconomic headwinds. We have executed key organizational changes and have initiated specific actions with our supply chain partners to stabilize operations and reallocate resources to address immediate challenges. We are also taking decisive steps to rationalize inventory while maintaining optimal levels of strategic components. Additionally, we are taking prudent cost actions as we realized softening demand and implementing additional pricing actions to address FX and inflation. In closing, we continue to be very optimistic about the prospects and opportunities for our business. We have the broadest portfolio of tailored solutions to enable our customers to improve their operations in any environment. The global labor deficit and on-demand economy have escalated the need for enterprises to digitize and automate their operations with our solutions. Now I will hand the call back over to Mike.
Mike Steele: Thanks, Anders. We'll now open the call to Q&A. We ask that you limit yourself to one question and one follow-up, so that we can get to as many of you as possible.
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from Tommy Moll with Stephens. You may now go ahead.
Tommy Moll: Good morning and thanks for taking my question.
Anders Gustafsson: Good morning, Tommy.
Tommy Moll: Anders, I wanted to start on the comments you made regarding some deferred projects from large North American customers. Any context you can share there on end market type of project visibility to picking back up on some of this work going forward would be much appreciated. And as a related point, would you say that these projects are all the majority of or a smaller part of the demand softening that you called out late Q3. I'm sure it's part of what you described there with the softening, but order of magnitude would be helpful. Thank you.
Anders Gustafsson: Yes. First, I'd say the -- we're getting some mixed signals from the market on on-demand pictures and that's, to some degree, clouded by the supply chain challenges we're seeing. But most signals, most demand signals we are seeing are constructive. Our backlog is healthy. Our pipeline is building nicely. Our run rate business is strong. And we continue to see some nice areas of strength in each region. And our retail vertical grew just even though we had a very large customer pulling back into this year and particularly in the quarter. But we have also seen some elongated sales cycles and a bit of softening in demand where some customers have pushed out some orders from Q3 into 2023. So the -- I think most -- I'll ask Joe for some extra color here also as most of those pushouts have come from the retail segment. That's also our largest segment, so it wouldn't be surprising and they tend to have more of the year-end spend that they're working on. So the overall environment is still quite healthy, but we have seen some select pushouts, Joe?
Joe Heel: Yes. To put it in perspective, perhaps in terms of the miss to the outlook, the deferral of project was a minor contributor to that. Among these -- the deferral of projects, these late-in-the-quarter deferments were a relatively small number of larger projects, as Anders said, deferred primarily into 2023. That's probably as much as we can say.
Tommy Moll: That's helpful. Thank you. As a follow-up, I wanted to pivot to supply chain, and you gave us quite a bit there on the North American distribution center transition. Can you give us any more -- just on the ground context in terms of the transition that's underway, some of the changes that you've made as a consequence of some of the challenges that you called out? And then I think, Anders, I heard you reference that there have been some personnel changes on this front. Anything you could highlight there would also be helpful. Thank you.
Nathan Winters: Tommy, this is Nathan. I'll start with the first part. Just a little bit of background. We selected a new DC location midway through last year. And as we said on the call, we had some issues with the transition impacting shipment volumes late in the quarter, and we've implemented corrective actions, particularly on ramping back our Texas facility. That gives us some additional time to work through the transition, both from a people and process perspective. So again, I'd say although we didn't deliver the shipment volumes necessary to meet the Q3 forecast. We are now operating at levels required to deliver Q4. Still not where we want to be. But again, the Texas facility is nearly staffed to full capacity and we've had a really nice recovery here in deliveries in October. Just as context, we've shipped out nearly $200 million more in October than we did in the month of July, which is giving us both confidence in the performance of the DC as well as confidence in the Q4 guidance. I'll pass it over to Anders.
Anders Gustafsson: Yes. From an organizational perspective, we have made some changes. We have promoted a new supply chain leader who leads our global operations and supply chain team. So -- and we have also streamlined the organization a bit and moved some functions or responsibilities out of supply chain to other areas to make sure we can get greater focus and better accountability around those. We've also worked closely with our supply chain partners to make sure we take some actions with them to help improve the operations. One that Nathan talked about was ramping up our Dallas Fort Worth facilities. So they're back at close to full capacity. They're almost fully staffed and operating very well at the moment. And we're working with our Chicago area, DC partner also to see how we can best help them scale their operations there.
Operator: Our next question will come from Andrew Buscaglia with Berenberg. You may now go ahead.
Andrew Buscaglia: Hey, good morning, guys.
Anders Gustafsson: Good morning.
Andrew Buscaglia: So just trying to get a sense of how much of the sales change that you've seen is related to like I guess, the nature of the deferrals and the confidence that you're going to get these orders in 2023? And I guess the phrase another way, how much is this kind of the beginning of more to come, or based on the visibility you have with these customers, do you have confidence, this is like short-term issue. Yes, it's I don't think we want to get into too much of 2023 outlook yet. But I think these have been more select customers. There's not a broad-based, say, pushout or deferrals. It's much more select on certain customers and some tougher -- particularly in Q3, we also have some very difficult comp from two large customers that were particularly strong in the third quarter. But as we said, most of our demand signals are still very strong and encouraging. And we see -- it's been -- this was really very, very narrowly focused in North America.
Joe Heel: Yes. I'll add two things perhaps for perspective. One is an example of what we're seeing is a large customer who will take an order that they would have perhaps placed in Q3 or early in Q4. And now telling us we're going to split that order, and we're going to take 80% of it now and 20% of it later in 2023. That's an example of the type of thing we're getting. So it feels like there's real demand behind the order. The other thing that we're hearing from customers quite consistently is while some customers, in particular, retailers are being cautious about their business, about their revenue expectations, and those are obviously visible to you in what they say on their earnings calls. They are telling us that their investments in IT and in the types of solutions that we provide them are important to them even in more uncertain times because they need to improve their productivity, and we help them do that with our solutions. So that's certainly something we hear pretty consistently.
Andrew Buscaglia: Okay. That's helpful. And you talked about last quarter and I guess this quarter again, being able to shift by -- mostly by ocean exiting Q4 I guess, where do you stand with that? And then tailwind-wise in 2023, I know you don't want to give guidance for next year, but like what -- how do you expect the cost environment to shape up for next year. And hopefully, maybe do you think that offsets some of this volatility around the sales you'll see over the next six months or so.
Nathan Winters: Yes. So Andrew, maybe just context for the broader premium supply chain costs. I think what we saw in Q3 was a positive momentum, 50% reduction from what we experienced in Q2, decreasing from nearly 4% of revenue to just over 2%. And that was primarily driven by the declining shipping cost per kilo, which we're experiencing as well as benefiting from the pricing actions beginning to take effect with the price increase we did in July. Q3 shipping costs did come in below estimate. We also benefited, if you look at the mix and the $30 million for the quarter from lower North American revenue, and that's the other reason for it ticking back up in the fourth quarter in terms of overall transitory. And our Q4 guide assumes no improvement in freight rates. So it's something we're continuing to monitor it. But if you look at the overall reduction from $200 million to $190 million in premium supply chain costs, some of that's volume driven, just over half, but also $4 million of that or so was due to the lower rates we're experiencing. And I think our expectation is that we will see steady reduction into 2023 around these costs as long as the freight rates hold where they're at today. And then we're going to continue to transition from air to ocean, really late here in the fourth quarter. We did some ocean shipments into Europe in the third quarter but we really don't expect ocean shipments to pick up until late here in the fourth quarter and into 2023. And we've also seen a nice reduction in what we've had to buy in critical components on the spot market. So we're starting to see that loosen up as well. So again, we feel confident that we'll see a steady decrease. And EBITDA benefit as we go into next year.
Operator: Our next question will come from Jim Ricchiuti with Needham & Company. You may now go ahead.
Jim Ricchiuti: Hi, thank you. First question, just again on the deferral that you're seeing among a few of these North America customers. When you talk about it, some of this business slipping into 2023, is the presumption that this would be slipping further into 2023 into the second half just given the seasonal investments that these types of customers may make?
Anders Gustafsson: I think it's -- probably don't want to give too much color on that also here at this stage, but the expectation is that won't -- they're slipping from this year into the beginning of next year, not the end of next year. I would agree with that, yes.
Jim Ricchiuti: Okay. That's helpful. And Anders, I wonder if you could talk to what you're seeing in the SMB market. It sounds like you're seeing relatively good demand there. I don't want to put words in your mouth, but if you could comment on that. And also in an economic cycle, which part of the business would you see impacted more immediately, the larger customer business or the SMB business?
Anders Gustafsson: Yes. Starting with the SMB business, yes, we did see strong growth globally for our small- and medium-sized customers. I think that's a good indication of kind of the confidence the broader market has in the outlook and the value that our solutions offer. The secular trends that we talked about to digitize and automate workflows and empower the frontline workers are, I would say, much more important today in a labor-constrained environment as that drives greater increase for our type of solutions across all verticals and all sizes of customers. And I think the our run rate business performed particularly well globally this quarter, which I think is -- gives us confidence around the health of the business. If you talk about kind of which verticals would be more or less impacted, I'd say, we probably get them -- gotten the most questions around our retail customer base, historically in this. And here, I mentioned earlier, our retail and e-commerce business grew in Q3 despite very challenging comps from the very large -- particularly large retailer that has been pulling back. And I think that highlights the value of having a very diversified retail e-commerce customer base, where the timing of the refresh cycles is kind of spread out and that helps to reduce volatility risks. But I think the -- in retail specifically, the focus on -- or the importance of our type of solutions to enable our customers to execute on their omni-channel and e-commerce strategies is very important. I've talked about how we believe that our solutions are now more like, say, an ERP implementation, it's harder to dial them up and down. And I think the results from Q3 gives some credence to that expectation. I'd say our health care business, which performed very well in Q2 -- in Q3, sorry, was up double digits. That is probably the vertical we expect to be the least sensitive to  to kind of recessionary forces. And here, we are also very focused on helping to transform that industry to  to be able to improve the patient journey and drive greater productivity for health care providers. The T&L vertical is -- there was one that was the hardest hit was the only vertical that was down for us in Q3. But e-commerce volumes are expected to continue to increase, and that drives greater need for real-time visibility into their overall supply chain and is a key driver for customer investments. And we enabled the last mile fulfillment for those customers, which is an important factor as consumers are expecting faster deliveries. And lastly, around manufacturing, that also tends to be -- it's a market that is more a largest in Asia for us, but it is global, and it's done very well for us over the last year or so and had a good double-digit growth this quarter. Here, we've made some -- both the -- some of the new acquisitions around -- from May trucks. And Fetch are expanding our offering and we're getting a lot of interest and early orders for manufacturing in those areas. And we've also made some quite significant and very deliberate investments in our go-to-market resources to help grow our share in manufacturing, and Joe can provide some more color on that.
Joe Heel: Yes. Maybe I'll just amplify some of Anders' points. Number one, the growth in the medium-sized customers and also in the run rate has been particularly encouraging for us because that's where our supply constraints are particularly important, right? If you have supply, you get run rate. When we had supply return, our run rate rebounded. And that was a really good sign of the resilience of our run rate. That's very encouraging for us. You asked about which size of customer goes into the cycle first. And what we saw is that as we entered into the pandemic, the largest customers were the first to accelerate their purchases. And they were followed nine, 12 months later by medium-sized and smaller customers than also accelerating their purchases. Now as we're seeing some caution in the market, it's -- again, the largest customers that are being cautious first, some of the deferrals that we've referred to and that you asked about were larger customers with large orders while the medium-sized and small customers continue to go very strong with even double-digit growth. So that's the dynamic that we're seeing in the cycle. Hopefully, that's helpful.
Operator: Our next question will come from Erik Lapinski with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Erik Lapinski: Hi, team. Thanks. If I could go back to kind of the commentary on the run rate business you just made, I guess, just trying to get a better sense on the strength there. Do you think that's an element of customers being further behind on investments versus larger customers than And then maybe also on that point, like when we think about deferrals from the larger customers, is that related to a refresh or a new device deployment? Any kind of color you can give us there would be helpful.
Anders Gustafsson: Yes. First, on the strength on the run rate business here. I think that the -- we -- I would say we don't see our customers large or small, having say, pulled forward demand and invested ahead of their capacity utilization curves with probably one exception -- one large exception. So -- and specifically for our large -- for our small and midsized customers, they tend not to have their financial capacity to invest for in advance. So they tend to be much more as the projects roll out to address more urgent business needs for them. So that would be one point on that. Joe?
Joe Heel: Yes. When it comes to the run rate, it really matters what's on the shelf, right? You have small customers that are calling into distributor and what's on the shelf counts. And once we had product on the shelf again as our supply chain ramped up again over the course of the quarter, we saw that run rate rebounding. So I think that's the dynamic that there's no pull forward or that dynamic doesn't exist to that same extent in the run rate. When it comes to the larger customers, to the deferrals, we are talking about large customers that are typically doing deployments of mobile computers. You see it's pretty concentrated in the mobile computing segment. You have certain deployments that they have been planning and in some cases. But again, they were very few, and they were the minor reason for the miss in the quarter, right? But in those few cases, we're talking about deployments of mobile computers which are stretched out over a slightly longer time period, we think, into the first quarter of next year.
Erik Lapinski: Got it. Okay. That's really helpful. Thank you. And then maybe just another one on kind of some of your OpEx flexibility. You did take down kind of expenses in the quarter and proved to be pretty nimble there. I guess just like where did you find those efficiencies in context of maybe some of the supply chain changes you're making? And how should we think about your ability to control OpEx in future quarters kind of sensitive to revenue?
Nathan Winters: Yes. A couple of drivers behind the OpEx flexibility. I mean the first is based on our variable comp structure, there's an element of variability in there relative to how we're performing for the year. The other one is, we did a hard look at where we're hiring and what roles and what positions around the world to ensure that where we're adding heads and investing is in our growth areas that we would kind of look at and say, there's no regrets in that in terms of those hiring. So it's a combination of those two, along with, again, continuing looking at discretionary spending where it makes sense. So I think those are the three main drivers here in the short-term. And as we go into next year, we're continuing to look at where we can drive efficiencies, looking at our real estate portfolio, but all the things you would expect us to do particularly as we go into a more challenging macro environment.
Operator: Our next question will come from Damian Karas with UBS. You may now go ahead.
Damian Karas: Good morning, everyone.
Anders Gustafsson: Good morning.
Damian Karas: Good morning, good morning. Not to beat a dead horse here on the project deferrals, but could you just clarify -- one, you haven't seen any order cancellations. And two, just thinking about these customers that have pushed out orders, it sounds like you do have visibility in terms of timing of delivery in 2023, and it's not that the conversations have been, hey, let's just put this on pause until a later determined date?
Anders Gustafsson: Yes. So first on the cancellation. We have not seen any large order cancellations. I think the cancellations have been very modest. And to the extent we've had any and within what we would consider to be normal. Every quarter, we have some people who cancel an order or something like that. But that's been -- that's not been a factor in the results or in the outlook here. And the deferrals they have -- they're not pause, they just deferred. So they're -- we're expecting them to come back in the first part of next year. And the -- it's not like -- they are deploying, in the meantime, not just at the same pace as they had otherwise expected.
Joe Heel: Yes. But there are some indications, Damian, that give us confidence that the deployment will occur. One of them is that they're taking an order and splitting it into two, right, as I've described to you. The other is that they're already working with us on deployment plans. We do see those stock signs not in every case, but in the majority of cases. So that's why we're describing it as we are.
Damian Karas: Okay. Got it. That's really helpful. And then, Nathan, I think you suggested earlier that the  the ocean freight transition is happening late this year. Correct me if I'm wrong, I thought that, that was supposed to kind of play out in the third quarter. So is there any sort of delay there, or am I missing something?
Nathan Winters: So that's -- this was per our plan. We expected Q3 to start the modest shipments into Europe, which we did from an ocean perspective, but the plan and the guide around our premium costs had always assumed we wouldn't really feel any financial benefit to the move until we get into next year. As the priority for this year was to ensure we delivered enough printer volume to take care of our backlog as well as ensure we have the right products on the shelf to support our run rate business.
Operator: Our next question will come from Brian Drab with William Blair. You may now go ahead.
Brian Drab: Good morning. I think most of the details come out here already, but I'm just wondering if you could give us a more specific update maybe on how Matrox and Fetch have been performing relative to your expectations? And again, in this difficult environment, I know Matrox committed about $100 million revenue run rate and Fetch about $10 million. I don't know if you could update those numbers directionally even. Thanks.
Anders Gustafsson: We closed Matrox in early June. And certainly very pleased with how that's going. It creates a very comprehensive portfolio, both fixed industrial scanning and machine vision solutions for us. That kind of fills out our offering very nicely. I'd say we're very encouraged by progress Matrox is performing very well, and the integration is proceeding as per our plans. I think there's a very good culture fit between our organizations. We are also building out our partners. And that's going well. These are very specialized partners who provide these types of implementation and design services. And we've been seeing good traction in being able to recruit those partners to our program. So we're certainly very excited about what's going on with Matrox. And similarly, on Fetch, I say there's a lot of interest from  from warehouse operators across all our vertical markets as well as in manufacturing for our Fetch Robotic Solutions. And our ability to really combine the frontline worker, the automation of the frontline worker and the Fetch robot to automate -- orchestrate and automate the broader workflow has been resonating very well. And we're seeing -- yes, we're seeing a lot of interest, and it's obviously a smaller business, but it's ramping quite nicely.
Joe Heel: And maybe a little bit of additional color. With the business being in sort of the early stages of development, what you look for primarily are pilot deployments, right? And we're seeing a very good stream of these pilot deployments. We were also very pleased to have two larger deployments already that we mentioned, I think, in the earlier -- in the previous earnings call already that are anchor tenants, I guess, now for our Fetch Robotics business going forward.
Brian Drab: Great. And then I guess just as a follow-up, when you think about Matrox and some of the incumbents in that space. What have you found has been successful for you in going up against some of these incumbents and bidding on projects? What differentiates Matrox from a company like Cognex and others in the industry?
Anders Gustafsson: Yes. First, I'll say that we don't see this as a zero-sum game. There's a lot of white space for us to go after without having to kind of go up and seek out opportunities where we compete with any specific competitor. It is also a very fragmented market. I think that the market leader has probably about 20% or no more than 20% market share. So there's plenty of opportunities to pursue without having to do that. That being said, I think we feel good about the value propositions that we have with Matrox. It is known for having a very some high-quality, high-performance solutions that can solve some very complicated problems for our customers. We worked hard on -- across our fixed investors scanning machine vision portfolio to drive ease of use as a differentiator to make it as easy for our customers to deploy and get time to revenue for these solutions. And that's been, I think, resonating back very well. Also, the software upgradability of our products is a differentiator. And we've had some very nice wins against a variety of different competitors with some large marquee customers. So we feel quite excited about it.
Joe Heel: One other strength, Brian, to add perhaps is -- this is a business that's conducted predominantly through the channel. And we have used our strength in the channel to recruit a strong number of channel partners, many of which are somewhat disillusioned with other incumbents in the market. And that's been a great attraction for people to come to us because they know us as a very good channel partner for them. So that's helped us also.
Operator: Our next question will come from Keith Housum with North Coast Research. You may now go ahead.
Keith Housum: Good morning. Hoping to understand a little bit more the North American warehouse issue. It looks new slide deck in North America was down 9%. Would you say a vast majority of that decline was due to that North American warehouse issue, or would that number have been without that issue?
Anders Gustafsson: The -- I would say, the mid-term outlook was predominantly explained by the supply chain challenges related to the persistent component shortages for certain products and the disruption in the transition to our new North America warehouse. And there's probably about 45% -- $45 million on each of those. And the smallest part was the deferral of projects with about 10% of the miss to our outlook. So clearly, the supply -- the DC move was the largest part of this.
Keith Housum: I appreciate that. It sounds like you're going to be forced to operate both the Texas facility and the Wisconsin facility, I guess, in peril for the next several quarters. What was the impact on profitability this quarter? And what do you think it's going to be going forward?
Nathan Winters: Keith, I would say it's relatively modest in terms of the cost structure we have with both of those facilities in terms of typically pay on a cost per unit with each of the facilities. So it's -- I think it's relatively modest in the -- from an overall profitability of managing both -- we had a little bit of extra cost here in the third quarter. We had to ship some products between the facilities to get the inventory rightsized moving forward. But now that, that's corrected, it's a relatively modest impact on overall profitability to manage both sites.
Operator: Our next question will come from Rob Mason with Baird. You may now go ahead.
Rob Mason: Hi, guys. Good morning. Just maybe just a follow-up on the last question. When will this North American distribution center transition be complete and I guess, consolidated into one facility?
Nathan Winters: So we don't -- we do not have a time frame lined up of when we'll completely exit. We've signed an agreement to stay down in Texas for the foreseeable future to ensure that we properly ramp the new facility in the right way and make sure it's -- we fully mitigate any potential risk to the future operations. And so once that that's clear, we're in shape, that's when we'll start to work on whether that -- how to complete the transition, but there's no time line set to date.
Rob Mason: Sure. Sure. There was also mentioned that you will be taking some pricing actions in Europe outside the US to address currency. When will those price actions be realized? Will start to show up? And then I'm just curious as well, what was the actual FX impact on your gross margin in the quarter?
Nathan Winters: Yes. So if you look at the two latest price increases we announced, they really won't have no impact until we get into next year just based on the timing of the agreements we have with our distributors. I would say, it's relatively modest compared to the previously announced price increases as it's focused around Latin America business as well as in Europe where we've already made several other pricing actions. So it's -- I'd say it's modest compared to the three we've done up to this point. If you look at it from an FX perspective, in the third quarter, it was about a one point negative impact on EBITDA margin. And as we go into the fourth quarter, FX has about a two-point negative impact year-on-year on EBITDA margin.
Operator: Our next question will come from Paul Chung with JP Morgan. You may now go ahead.
Paul Chung: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. So you mentioned kind of a steady reduction in 2023, our supply chain costs here a nice execution here in the second half. But can that cost move down materially in 2023 on a quarterly run rate from that $30 million to $35 million, especially as you move more products to see -- I assume there will be some lingering costs here moving forward, but just any comments there would be helpful.
Nathan Winters: Yes. So I'd say as we look at it going into next year, obviously, we think there's -- just based on the second half run rate, there will be a meaningful improvement from a year-on-year perspective. And I'd say at this point, steady is probably the right word in terms of how we're looking at it. And a lot of this has to do with how freight rates hold up. So I think based on what we've seen, they've held steady to slightly down since kind of middle of the second quarter, which is really positive. But at any moment, they can swing another way if there's any other type of supply chain shocks in the system. But yes, we would expect again, steady improvement from the second half run rate as we go into next year.
Paul Chung: Great. That's helpful. And then on inventories, I know there's a lot of moving pieces, but can you give us a sense for kind of timing of more accelerated harvesting, I mean, do you see any risk to kind of discounting or given the elevated levels here, or is this more about converting on some of the larger deferred products? And then as we look to 2023, when can we expect to see kind of more normalized free cash flow conversion, or is this more of a second half 2023, kind of excluding the Honeywell payment. Thank you.
Nathan Winters: Yes. So maybe I'll start with the second part of that. As we look at our inventory, we'd expect this to draw down through the first half and get to maybe, say, normalized levels as we enter the second half of next year, which we think is somewhere between $600 million and $650 million of inventory. That's based on the size of the company today plus the acquisitions, as well as intentionally holding more strategic component inventory than we have in the past to improve resiliency. We have a team dedicated and working on this. A big driver of that is finishing -- getting the DC move, stabilized. We've also made several moves within our supplies business in terms of manufacturing where we've had to build some buffer stock and working through that. And for the product categories or components that that have recovered, we are planning to draw down our safety stock at our manufacturing partners over the next several quarters. And that's really the big driver of where we'll see the reduction in working capital. But as you mentioned, we expect all these actions to enable us to significantly reduce working capital and deliver free cash flow conversion above 100% if you exclude the settlement payments. And then to your first question, we have no concerns that the inventory levels create any type of risk from an excess obsolescence perspective. We have strong demand for what we have in both finished goods as well as component parts. And then there's no intention of reducing pricing beyond what's normally required in the competitive environment. I'd say alternatively, we're pushing that we have stock available for customers who may have been waiting on certainty of supply before placing an order, so using it as an opportunity.
Operator: This concludes your question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Gustafsson for any closing remarks.
End of Q&A:
Anders Gustafsson: Thank you. So to wrap up, I would like to thank our partners, customers and employees for their continued support. Our top priority is to meet our customers' mission-critical needs as we take bold actions to address our supply chain challenges, and we look forward to a strong finish to the year. Thank you, everyone.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-08-02 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Second Quarter 2022 Zebra Technologies Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode.  After todays presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. Please note, this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mike Steele, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Mike Steele: Good morning and welcome to Zebras second quarter conference call. This presentation is being simulcast on our website at investors.zebra.com and will be archived there for at least 1 year. Our forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and assumptions and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially due to factors discussed in our SEC filings. During this call, we will reference non-GAAP financial measures as we describe our business performance. You can find reconciliations at the end of the slide presentation and in todays earnings press release. Throughout this presentation, unless otherwise indicated, our references to sales growth are year-over-year on a constant currency basis and exclude results from recently acquired businesses for the 12 months following each acquisition. This presentation will include prepared remarks from Anders Gustafsson, our Chief Executive Officer; and Nathan Winters, our Chief Financial Officer. Anders will begin with our second quarter results. Then Nathan will provide additional detail on the financials and discuss our revised 2022 outlook. Anders will conclude with progress made on advancing our Enterprise Asset Intelligence vision. Following the prepared remarks, Joe Heel, our Chief Revenue Officer will join us as we take your questions. Now lets turn to Slide 4 as I hand it over to Anders.
Anders Gustafsson: Thank you, Mike. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Our team delivered solid second quarter results in a challenging macro environment. For the quarter, we realized sales growth of nearly 7% and adjusted EBITDA margin of 21.9%, a 170 basis point decrease, and non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $4.61, a 1% increase from the prior year. Customer demand remains strong for our solutions which digitize and automate workflows. We realized double-digit sales growth in EMEA, Asia Pacific and Latin America and a slight decline in North America on strong prior comparisons. We realized growth across all major offerings including printing where we recovered nicely from a challenge in Q1. Our health care, manufacturing, and retail and e-commerce end markets each grew faster than the corporate average. Our teams successfully navigated the China COVID lockdowns and our actions to redesign certain products and secure long-term purchase agreements enabled us to generate more supply, particularly for printers. We also scaled adjusted operating expenses to drive profitability, while continuing to prudently invest in our growth initiatives. Overall, we are pleased that our second quarter sales performance was near the high-end of our expectations, and EPS exceeded our guidance range as our team executed well on our efforts to mitigate supply chain challenges. With that, I will now turn the call over to Nathan to review our Q2 financial results in more detail and discuss our revised 2022 outlook.
Nathan Winters: Thank you, Anders. Let's start with the P&L on Slide 6. In Q2, adjusted net sales increased 6.4%, including the impact of currency and acquisitions, and 6.9%. on an organic basis as we secured a greater supply of certain products than we had anticipated. Our Asset Intelligence & Tracking segment, including printing and supplies increased 9.7%, driven by a strong recovery in printing as we secured critical components to better satisfy record levels of customer demand. Enterprise Visibility & Mobility segment sales increased 5.6% with solid growth in both data capture and mobile computing solutions. We realized particularly strong growth in RFID solutions as well as ruggedized tablets in Q2. We also continue to drive solid growth across services and software with strong service attached rates and attractive software offerings. We realized strong growth in three of our four regions. EMEA sales increased 17%, driven by particularly strong growth in mobile computing and printing, inclusive of the impact of exiting Russia in March. Asia Pacific sales grew 14% with particular strength in India. Latin America sales increased 16% with exceptional growth in Mexico. And in North America sales decreased 2% due to supply constraints. We also cycled particularly strong mobile computing sales volumes in Q2 of last year. Adjusted gross margin declined 200 basis points to 46% due to higher premium supply chain costs and China import tariff recovery in the prior year period, partially offset by higher service and software margin. Adjusted operating expenses as a percent of sales improved 60 basis points. Second quarter adjusted EBITDA margin was 21.9%, a 170 basis point decrease from the prior year period. Non-GAAP earnings per diluted share was $4.61, a 0.9% year-over-year increase held by lower share count and lower taxes. Note, that in the quarter, we entered into a settlement agreement resulting in a $372 million one-time non-GAAP charge, which will be paid out over eight quarterly installments. Turning now to the balance sheet and cash flow highlights on Slide 7. For the first half of 2022, we generated $123 million of free cash flow, which was lower than the last year primarily due to a higher use of working capital as sales volume shifted to later in the period due to the China lockdowns; higher incentive compensation payments given our exceptional 2021 performance; and the initial $45 million quarterly installment payment related to the settlement I just mentioned. From a balance sheet perspective, as previously announced, we have significantly increased our available borrowing capacity to align with our growing business to optimize our capital structure. Our new credit facility provides us ample flexibility for organic and inorganic investment, including the recent acquisition and Matrox Imaging, as well as share repurchases through our recently announced $1 billion incremental authorization. We made $300 million of share repurchases in Q2, and from a debt leverage perspective we ended the quarter at a comfortable 1.7x net debt to adjusted EBITDA leverage ratio. On Slide 8, we highlight that premium supply chain costs have sequentially improved from peak levels. Our team has been successfully working all avenues including product redesigns, and negotiating long-term supply agreements for critical components, which has enabled us to reduce our purchases in the spot market. We have been seeing steady improvement in the supply chain environment, which we continue to closely monitor. In Q2, we incurred incremental premium supply chain costs of $56 million as compared to the pre-pandemic baseline, which was favorable to what we had anticipated in our prior outlook. In total, Q2 transitory items had a combined unfavorable gross margin impact of $35 million year-over-year and in Q3 are expected to be approximately $45 million, which is a neutral year-on-year impact net of pricing. Let's now turn to our outlook. We ended the second half of the year with a strong quarter backlog and healthy sales pipeline supported by broad based demand for our solutions. We have been experiencing a steady improvement in manufacturing output, however, our sales growth continues to be limited by extended lead times and availability of certain component parts. Our organic growth has also been impacted by approximately 1 to 2 points after stopping shipments to Russia in March. For Q3, we are limiting our sales growth to a range of 2% to 4% due to actions to reduce expedited air freight costs, and shift our printer products to ocean shipments, which will improve both Q4 growth and profitability. We're also assuming a 2 point additive impact from recently acquired businesses and a 3 point negative impact from foreign currency translation. As a reminder, approximately 25% of our global sales are denominated in Euros. We anticipate Q3 adjusted EBITDA margin to be approximately 22%, which is an increase from both prior year and prior quarter. Non-GAAP diluted EPS is expected to be in the range of $4.35 to $4.65. For the full year 2022, we are reaffirming our outlook with a sales growth range between 4% and 6% inclusive of the impact of exiting Russia. We are also assuming 150 basis point additive impact from recently acquired businesses and a 225 basis point negative impact from foreign currency translation. We now anticipate full year 2022 adjusted EBITDA margin of approximately 22%, the low end of our prior guide primarily due to the significantly stronger U.S dollar. Profit margins are expected to improve in the second half of the year as we continue to shift to lower cost freight options and prudently manage operating expenses and investments. We now expect our free cash flow to be at least $650 million for the year, which we have reduced primarily due to the approximately $150 million of settlement related payments. Please reference additional modeling assumptions shown on Slide 9. With that, I will turn the call back to Anders to discuss how we are advancing our Enterprise Asset Intelligence vision.
Anders Gustafsson: Thank you, Nathan. We are entering the second half of the year in a position of strength as we closely monitor the volatile global macro environment. We have a track record of protecting profitability and cash flow in any environment, while preserving investments that drive sustainable, profitable growth. I am encouraged by the continued strong demand we are seeing across our business and the bold actions our teams are taking to mitigate the supply chain impacts. Slide 11 illustrates how we digitize and automate the front line of business by leveraging our industry leading portfolio of products, software and services. By transforming workflows with our proven solutions, Zebra's customers can effectively address their complex operational challenges which have been magnified since the pandemic. As we have extended our lead in industry and expanded our portfolio with compelling solutions, we have elevated our strategic position with our customers. Our trusted relationships with our 10,000 plus partners across the globe augment our capabilities, enabling us to serve more customers worldwide. And we are always excited to engage with partners who drive value. We are excited about our new global strategic alliance with Accenture, which focuses on solving complex operational challenges in retail and other end markets with Zebra solutions. We are collaborating to advance our customers strategies to drive productivity, inventory accuracy and customer service levels, among a variety of other benefits that can be realized by digitizing and automating workflows throughout the enterprise. Now turning to Slide 12, businesses partner with Zebra to help optimize their end-to-end workflows as they strive to meet the increasing demands of consumers. I would like to highlight several recent key wins across our end markets. A major global transportation logistics company is expanding its relationship with Zebra across multiple product lines to ensure a more accurate package loading using RFID technology across many sites. Zebras RFID printers and scanners are integral to flagging packages loaded into the wrong truck in real time, using RFID technology before the vehicle leaves the location. Zebra also supplied more than 3,000 tablets to assist associates in moving trailers around the yard, ensuring the most efficient placement of trucks, trailers and packages. A large supermarket operator in Europe, with more than double its fleet of Zebra enterprise mobile computers in a multiyear rollout covering warehouse, front and back of store and curbside pickup use cases, displacing consumer cell phones. The customer expects improved productivity benefits through better product availability, faster execution on click and collect use cases, and real time price checking as they drive towards the zero food waste goal. This expansion win results from the exceptional service and trust established over our longstanding relationship and throughout the RFP process. In another recent win, a major U.S convenience store chain added additional mobile computers in each of its more than 2,000 stores to augment its inventory management and merchandising use cases. This customer has a deep penetration of Zebra solutions, including our printers, mobile computers and scanners to digitize and automate its workflows. Several years ago, this customer had implemented other Zebra solutions in its warehouses, and have subsequently selected Zebra for additional use cases, as it addressed other business challenges. Additionally, a significant U.S health care product distributor expanded their use of Zebra solutions, equipping their warehouse staff with wrist and ring scanners to improve efficiency in the pick and pack use cases for their warehouse associates. Zebra collaborated with the customer and partner to ensure e-supporting  of their applications to the Android operating system. We're also very pleased to be making progress in our most recent expansion markets, fixed industrial scanning, machine vision and autonomous mobile robots. We close on the purchase of Matrox Imaging in early June, and we join them at the automated warehouse trade show in Detroit. We are excited to add Matrox Imaging leading comprehensive portfolio of machine vision solutions, along with many specialized channel partners to help us scale our combined business. At automate, we also highlighted our Fetch Autonomous Mobile Robot Fulfillment solution, which we have been deploying at third-party logistics provider Rakuten. And we are excited about another recent key win with Maersk, an integrated logistics company. Additionally, Fetch AMR conveyance  and material movement solutions continues strong traction in use cases for health care supply delivery, automotive spare parts conveyance  and waste removal. In closing, our actions have enabled us to begin to recover from industry wide supply chain challenges and we continue to be very excited about our growth prospects as we monitor the volatile macro environment. The global labor deficit and supply chain challenges have escalated the need for enterprises to digitize and automate their operations with our solutions. We have the broadest portfolio of tailored solutions to help our customers advance their strategies. Now I will hand the call back over to Mike.
Mike Steele: Thanks, Anders. We will now open the call to Q&A. We ask that you limit yourself to one question and one follow-up, so that we can get to as many of you as possible.
Operator:  Our first question is from Tommy Moll of Stephens. Please go ahead.
Tommy Moll: Good morning, and thank you for taking my questions.
Anders Gustafsson: Good morning.
Nathan Winters: Good morning.
Tommy Moll: Anders, I wanted to start with a discussion of the omni-channel and e-commerce end markets. Your underlying volumes from what we can tell seem to be pretty strong there still. At the same time, there's been some mixed headlines from some of the key players there. So I'm just curious, what can you tell us anecdotally, from customers or across the business about the pace of that end market? Does it continue to grow? Does it feel healthy? Are you seeing anything deteriorate in terms of the fundamentals? The extent you can confirm on the guidance that you've provided, do you still see that those end markets growing in the second half? Thank you.
Anders Gustafsson: Yes, I'll try to give as much color as I can here. I'll start little bit more on current performance which we saw in Q2 and then try to give you a little bit of a sense of how the -- how we look at the future here. But first, I just say that the trends to digitize and automate workflows and empower frontline workers that continues to accelerate and in driving increased customer demand for our solutions across all our vertical markets. Retail and e-commerce grew faster than the corporate average in Q2 -- still very strong prior comparisons. We do continue to see strong momentum of omni-channel implementations, which is -- which are straining our customers resources and that's also driving investments in technology and automation that is necessary for retailers to continue to transform their businesses. If you look at the -- in the actual store, expanding buyer line pickup, install use cases and delivery use cases require retailers to equip more associated with mobile computers, along with -- also implementing more workflow software optimization solutions. And in the warehouse we see investments in productivity and visibility as essential to their transformation. We've also expanded with some new attractive go-to-market partnerships like Microsoft and Google that helps to elevate our strategic positioning within the retail vertical as well as other verticals. And we have a very diversified retail e-commerce customer base, and each of those customers are on their own refresh cycle, which helps to reduce volatility for us. I also say that our pipelines remain very strong. And although this is a quite a challenging environment, there are several retailers who have recently publicly talked about their intend to maintain investments in technology as they try to continue to drive or execute on their visions and their strategies. There are certainly a few customers that are ahead of their investment curves. But I would say most are playing catch up with investments in solutions like ours, particularly in a labor constrained environment, where they need to improve productivity, inventory accuracy and customer service levels. So as I would say, this feels more like a normal year for us and that most customers are investing and proceeding with healthy -- healthily with their plans. But there are some they're pulling back a bit. But this is the value that we have of a diversified customer portfolio that allows us to not be overly dependent on any one customer. And I'd say it's also noteworthy that, we continue to grow despite the cyclicality of some of these large customers that we have, and that it's a testament to our diversified customer base. I hope that helps.
Tommy Moll: It does. Thank you. And as a follow-up, I wanted to pivot to the margin outlook that you gave. So this is on an adjusted EBITDA basis. You've reported 22% in the second quarter. Guidance for third quarter is, again at roughly the 22% level. And then if you look at what's implied for the fourth quarter, just based on the full year, it's a number well north of 22%. So a margin improvement from Q3 to Q4 would be implied by your outlook. And I'm just curious what the drivers there might be. Is there incremental price here assuming, is it just is the supply chain -- elevated supply chain expenses you expect to get better? Or is it something else? Thank you.
Anders Gustafsson: Yes, Tommy, if you look at our Q3 guide of 22%, I'd say just if you look year-on-year, it's up 30 bps from the last year. And when you dig into that, over 2 points increase from strong volume leverage, the pricing benefits, taking traction from what we've executed over the last 9 months, as well as we're seeing solid improvement in the underlying gross margin across the portfolio, but that's offset by nearly 2 points of FX, as we're forecasting slightly above parity. And Q3 is the first quarter where the premium supply chain costs have a neutral impact year-on-year. Sequentially from the second quarter, it's flat -- as you get some improvement from -- improvement in overall premium supply chain costs, but that's offset by FX and slightly unfavorable deal mix. So that's kind of your Q2 to Q3 dynamic. If you look at the fourth quarter, the rate increase is really driven by two dynamics. One would be continued improvement in overall premium supply chain costs, as we are taking actions here in the third quarter to reduce air freight, moving print ocean that you'll see the benefit for in the fourth quarter, as well as you get nice volume leverage sequentially in terms of revenue -- increased in revenue on a relatively flat OpEx profile. So a bit -- almost half the driver is volume leverage with the other half being continued improvement in overall cost position.
Operator: The next question is from Andrew Buscaglia of Berenberg. Please go ahead.
Andrew Buscaglia: Hey, good morning, guys.
Anders Gustafsson: Good morning.
Andrew Buscaglia: So I like to -- on that margin question. Just wondering throughout the quarter what you saw in terms of the higher supply chain costs and freight costs. Your guidance of $200 million it seems that would imply things hadn't really changed, or how would you characterize how the quarter went relative to your expectations?
Anders Gustafsson: Yes. So both of the supply chain costs in the second quarter, I think first we saw a 20% reduction in the cost profile from the first quarter on a 4% higher sequential revenue profile. So I think, sequentially, we're seeing the improvement that we had anticipated in our guidance and things relative played out how we expected for the second quarter. If you look at it from a elevated shipping cost per kilo, we noted that those costs were continuing to trend down throughout the first quarter. And they held relatively flat to what we saw in March throughout the first -- throughout the second quarter. And we expect those to hold through the second half of the year. The real benefit was we were able to reduce purchases of some of the critical components on the spot market at elevated prices. And again, that was the primary driver from the improvement in Q2. And we expect that to continue to improve as we get to the second half of the year. And as I stated before, the key driver now is really managing as we increased our printer output filling up the pipeline on the ocean and start to get that benefit in the fourth quarter as it's a fraction of the cost to ship some of the larger printers on ocean versus air.
Andrew Buscaglia: Yes. Okay. Okay, great. And a question on the AIT segment. So that  really surprised me positively and great margin performance. But as I understand it, that segment really follows GDP if you look back to the pandemic and the pre-financial crisis. And if GDP estimates are slowing broadly, what do you foresee in that segment going forward? Are we seeing -- is there a lag here where that might deteriorate that growth?
Anders Gustafsson: Well, first, I'd say that, to talk about all our product categories here that we drove nice growth across all the major product categories in Q2 and we continue to drive innovation across the portfolio. That's all helping to digitize and automate our customers workflows. And they are -- our solutions are that much more critical today as our customers are fighting labor shortages and inflationary pressure. For print specifically here, we did see very strong growth in Q2. We had nice recovery from a challenging Q1 supply situation and we had record revenues in Q2, and we manufactured and sold more printers than we've ever done in any quarter historically. And we do expect the backlog to continue to return to more normal levels or recover the delinquent backlog and also to start shipping more on ocean in Q3 and Q4. As printing has -- maybe has grown faster than GDP by a couple of percentage points, at least over the last many years, we continue to see printers having an attractive growth profile. And we have -- weve been gaining share steadily over a long period of time. And I see no reason for why we shouldn't be able to continue to do that going forward also. So I feel good about our printing portfolio and the positioning and the growth we should be able to drive. And I'll also ask Joe, to give some perspectives here.
Joe Heel: Yes. Andrew, I might also point towards opportunities that we have to continue to expand in areas beyond a pure GDP growth. I'll give you two examples. One would be a use case expansion, where we can continue track and trace is becoming increasingly important, for example, in pharmaceuticals, and expanding in those use cases can help us grow beyond GDP. And another one would be a segment expansion, for example, our entry into the SOHO printer market would be evidence of that. So I think we have opportunities to weather volatilities in a GDP.
Operator: The next question is from Erik Lapinski of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Erik Lapinski: Hi, team. Thanks for taking my question, and congrats on the quarter. I'd like to ask for just a little bit more detail on some of the varying regional growth drivers you saw in the quarter. International growth is particularly strong and understand different regions are in different phases of their investment cycle. So are you seeing similar trends driving growth in each region on a vertical basis? Are there certain verticals driving the strength in whether it's EMEA, or Asia Pacific that you saw in the quarter?
Anders Gustafsson: I'd say there's certainly some common themes across all if you look at digital transformation, that is a strong driver for us and the trends around digitizing and automate meeting workflows, or across all regions and across all verticals. So there's a lot of commonality, I'd say in what's driving that each region has slightly different profiles as far as what verticals are strongest, and so forth. But if you look at Europe, or EMEA, which was particularly strong, a great quarter, we saw print, mobile computers and services were very strong from a product perspective. We secured a number of very attractive retail wins. And Id say the European or EMEA performance was particularly noteworthy considering that we also had low single-digit percent in global impact on revenues from suspending shipments to Russia in March. Asia Pac, I'd say also very strong performance, particularly if you think of the shutdown in China for a good part of the quarter. Now we did see double-digit growth across mobile computing and scanning. We had record hardware and service revenues. We did see very strong growth in India and quite pleased actually with China, which was down low single digits, even though we were lockdown for 6 to 8 weeks. And now we're seeing very nice recovery in China as we move into the second half year. And maybe on North America just say that we saw a very solid broad based demand. We had strong wins across all our core verticals, and we also saw attractive strength in our run rate business. The results here were impacted by supply chain constraints and some over allocations, some were on timing. But we recovered very nicely in printing and so strong growth in data caption or equity. And for North America, the biggest impact is really recycled some very strong prior year comparisons, USPS was particularly strong in Q2 of last year. I dont know, Joe, would you have anything to add?
Joe Heel: Yes, I would only emphasize that the regional distribution of growth that we saw in Q2 is not reflective of the underlying demand situation, but much more reflective of how we allocated supply in times of shortage based on the shortest path that we have to get supply into a market.
Erik Lapinski: Got it. Thanks, Joe. That was actually going to be my follow-up. But maybe if I could also ask just on capital allocation, as we think about the Honeywell settlement, obviously, that's a modest drag on cash flow. But you've -- your share repurchases in the quarter were maybe a little bit higher-than-expected. M&A has been successful. Was there any change in over the last quarter or how you're thinking about allocating capital and cash flow? Or should we think similar priorities to normal?
Anders Gustafsson: We think similar priorities as normal, we were comfortable with the overall debt levels and cash positions that gives us a lot of flexibility as we enter the second half and into next year. To continue to priorities investment in the business both inorganic, organic, we have exciting opportunities in both of those and share repurchases will remain a nice flexible way to return capital to shareholders. So I'd say no change in the overall capital allocation approach as we go into the second half of the year.
Erik Lapinski: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Brian Drab of William Blair. Please go ahead.
Brian Drab: Hi, thanks for taking my questions. And they might seem to lean a little bit cautious, but that's just because that's what we're hearing from investors right now across the board. But, first question, just under visibility, can you remind us, in general, what is the lead times for the different product lines and maybe for large orders versus the run rate business? Just trying to get a sense for how soon will you know if there really are challenges in some of these end markets?
Anders Gustafsson: So, if are you looking at our visibility into kind of our pipeline, it certainly varies to some degree based on customer and so forth. But for our larger customers, and a large part of the market, we start the year by going through and having detailed reviews about their outlook, their investment profiles already in November, December the prior year. So we have a good perspective of what they expect to do for the year, and we stay close to them to see if there are changes. Obviously, they can always change, but it's we tend to have a good visibility from those. And we work very closely with our reseller partners to develop a pipeline for that is more than 12 months out. And we qualify that round, we are in the sales pipeline those deals are, so they something we feel we can commit to or they are more in the exploratory phase. So we tend to have a pretty good handle on that. We also have such a large volume of transactions, so we get statistically some differentiation or diversity from that, which helps. So we're not overly -- we don't -- we wouldn't necessarily over read any one signal here. I dont know, Joe, do you want to comment on that, add anymore?
Joe Heel: Yes, I mean, first, I would just remind that we still have a record backlog, right. So in terms of what's driving our demand for the next quarters, that is still a very dominant force, for visibility to new orders. One good thing about the pandemic is that it has driven our customers to be much more forthcoming with their expectations of their business. We now have much better visibility than we had before, with some customers giving us up to a year's worth of at least visibility in some cases, even orders. So that's -- whether that will relax again a little bit as supply becomes more available. We'll see. But at the moment, we're enjoying much better visibility quarters ahead in many cases.
Anders Gustafsson: And I'd say the bookings velocity has remained pretty stable this year. So it's very strong. We haven't seen evidence of a recession or predict a slowdown.
Joe Heel: Yes.
Brian Drab: Okay, thanks. That's all very helpful. And then can I just ask if you can, and I know thats sensitive because it's a legal issue, but around the settlement, it seems like a pretty big, big deal. And it's a large -- very large settlement. And can you make any comments as to what happened there? I guess it's primarily with the related to the scanner product line. And just wondering, can you comment at all, does that change the competitive dynamics going forward for that product line?
Anders Gustafsson: So first, you're right. We wish we can say very much on that. It's a confidential agreement. But what we did settle a number of competing lawsuits with Honeywell regarding alleged patent infringement. We agreed to pay $360 million, paid over eight quarterly installments started in q2 of this year, so last quarter. And going forward, we have a royalty free, both of us enjoy a royalty free cross license, that means there's no future impact or payments. And you should just remember them from a size of the payment here that this is reflecting the relative size of our business. We are that much bigger, our market is that much larger. So that has a direct impact on that from a competitive perspective, but I don't see that having an impact. We feel very good about our portfolio, competitive positioning and our innovation. Our customers certainly resonate with our vision and our direction. So we feel good about where we are.
Operator: The next question is from Paul Chung of JP Morgan. Please go ahead.
Paul Chung: Hi, thanks for taking my question. So just on your EBITDA guide, it's at the low end guide, though your free cash flow kind of adjusting for the settlement was unchanged. So you could talk about the execution on free cash flow, and kind of your expectations of how working cap levels to kind of trend as we move into '23?
Nathan Winters: Yes, so if you look at our free cash flow, again, the -- for the first half decrease in relative to what we expect in the second half was really around the higher use of working capital and the timing of sales, as particularly in the second quarter with the China lockdown. I mean, June was one of our, I think, our highest revenue quarters on -- in history, just given the delay of getting products out of China into ship. And that obviously has a drag on from a collection of timing. And we expect that to normalize as we go into the second half of the year. And so that's -- that'll be a big driver of the increase in cash flow as we go to the second half of the year. And I would say, overall we target 100% free cash flow conversion over a cycle. We've been over 100% the last several years, if you go back to 2020 over 130 last year over a 100. This year if you normalize for the settlement around 80%. So I think, again, what we'd expect next year to recover back closer that 100% range is that we target. But obviously you can't say above a 100% forever. So this is a little bit of a year of catching up for the outperformance in the past couple of years.
Paul Chung: Got you. And then another question on guidance for both Q3 and the year. Can you help us kind of understand the gross margin versus kind of OpEx dynamic? Should we expect kind of a more modest progression here from 2Q on gross margins? You mentioned some lapping of high freight costs from Q4 of last year, but you have some FX impact here. So how do we think about gross margins for the year  down maybe 100 basis points for the full year then OpEx pace maybe similar to the last quarter. I think you said flat. Was that quarter-on-quarter? Thank you.
Nathan Winters: Yes, I'd say if you look at from a gross margin perspective, I think actually look at total Q3, both gross margin and OpEx from a scaling and rate perspective will be similar to Q2 and thus the similar in terms of EBITDA rate of around 22%. And as we go into the fourth quarter, you'd expect both to improve as the -- as we're able to lower some of the supply chain costs, that'll be an improvement on gross margin. And then we'll get some nice OpEx scaling as we head into the fourth quarter as we expect costs to remain relatively -- OpEx remain relatively flat from a dollars perspective as we go through the second half of the year. So those be some of the dynamics as we play through the third and fourth quarter.
Operator: The next question is from Keith Housum of Northcoast Research. Please go ahead.
Keith Housum: Good morning, guys. I was hoping to unpack your second -- your third quarter guidance a little bit more of a 2% to 4%. I think, Nathan, you referenced that you guys are limiting growth to that, so you guys can move more toward the ocean freight. I guess how much of the -- of that movement actually is impacting your guidance there in terms of your top line guidance?
Nathan Winters: If you look again at this, we said Q3 2% to 4%, again, we said we're entering the quarter with a strong backlog bookings around 4% organic growth. So nice results considering the loss of Russia about 1 to 2 points as well as a strong prior year compare for Q3. And, again, the actions we're taking are really around late in the quarter to avoid some of the premium air costs that are sometimes necessary to get product over and deliver before the quarter as well as the shift in moving print to ocean, so obviously that takes a few extra weeks from a timing perspective. So this is really around, what will be delivered late in September versus into October. And we think that's the right trade off for the business long-term, as at some point you have to rebuild that funnel. And that value and benefit will obviously impact Q4 and be a big driver as we head into next year as well. So tough to quantify what that is. And we're still working those plans out here over the next month in terms of exactly how much we anticipate to get onto the ocean. But, again, that's where we're really limiting that sales growth to push some of that volume to the fourth quarter to take advantage of the lower freight costs.
Keith Housum: Okay.
Nathan Winters: But it's clear that we do have -- we have the order coverage, therefore, this is what we're looking at supply chain and optimizing our cost profile.
Keith Housum: Right. So are you saying then orders that is not impacting your growth would have been higher in the third quarter for your guide, if not this move? Or this does impact ?
Nathan Winters: That's right. Thats right. Yes, the conscious decision to limit Q3 growth in order to improve the cost profiles are going to the fourth quarter.
Keith Housum: Okay, got it.
Nathan Winters: It's also a driver for why that you see a relative strength of Q4 rep versus Q3 on top line growth.
Keith Housum: Right. So will the entire move to the ocean be complete then by the end of the third quarter?
Nathan Winters: No, I'd say by the end of the fourth quarter. It'll be building the pipeline in the third quarter, so as we go into next year we're in a healthy position.
Operator: The next question is from Jim Ricchiuti of Needham & Company. Please go ahead.
Jim Ricchiuti: Hi, thank you. I know it's early days with the Matrox acquisition. But I wonder how you would characterize the progress you're making in the machine vision market. And that tends to be -- industrial machine vision tends to be a little bit more sensitive to economic cycles. And I wonder how you're viewing the demand trends in that part of the business? Thank you.
Anders Gustafsson: We closed on Matrox in early June. And so, we have to 2 months into this and they've helped to create a very comprehensive portfolio of both fixed industrial scanning and machine vision solutions for us. I'd say we're very encouraged, by the first 2 months. The integration is going well. The feedback from our customers have been very positive and we are continuing to build out the partner network. So that's a great story really around how the partners we have started to sign up for our fixed industrial scanning portfolio. See great value of being able to add machine vision to their portfolio, so they can address many more of the opportunities they see from customers with our solutions and equally from a Matrox perspective that they would have the same opportunity to add fixed industrial scanning to their fixed industrial machine vision portfolio. So feel very, very good about where we are and I think the culture are meshing very well. And Joe any further?
Joe Heel: Yes, I would perhaps add the following sort of from the outlook perspective. Matrox is refocused on the manufacturing sector, and has a good strength there. And we complement them very well, because we are now able to introduce them to customers in the T&L sector, in particular. And the cyclicality of those two is again different, and therefore provides us with some opportunity to continue growth through diversification between the two companies. So that's a strength we're building on.
Anders Gustafsson: And there's also Matrox has similarly a strong backlog as we have on a relative basis, of course.
Jim Ricchiuti: Thank you. Just follow-up question on RFID, which you call that and having calling out is as strong over the last several quarters. I know you don't break out the size of that business, it straddles both areas of the -- both the -- both parts of the business. But in general, can you give us, I wonder, a growth rate for that business? And are you seeing the profile change in terms of the types of applications?
Nathan Winters: Yes, RFID has -- we've had seen great momentum around RFID for several years now with a little toss in Q2 2020 I think when we couldn't really go in and do work directly with customers. But it's been a very strong part of our portfolio and market. We know growth has been double digits and solidly in the double digits for us for quite a while. So it's still a relatively small part of our portfolio, but it is a growing part of it. You've seen some large companies publicly announce plans around RFIDs like Walmart and UPS, which is helping to drive greater momentum also around it. So retail has been the primary or the first vertical to really deploy RFID around inventory visibility, some around the checkout area as well. So -- but we are seeing RFID expand into health care, transportation logistics, manufacturing, and also globally it's not a -- this is not a U.S phenomenon say, this is something we've seen across the world and Joe anymore color?
Joe Heel: I think you've covered all of the areas.
Operator: The next question is from Rob Mason of Baird. Please go ahead.
Robert Mason: Yes, good morning. Just one quick question on Matrox. The -- in the reference around full year EBITDA margins and how you're guiding there, you did reference FX, but as well as the recent Matrox acquisition. How long should we think about that Matrox acquisition being a headwind on EBITDA margin to the extent that's the case? Should we start to see that not deep so as we move into next years if you're going to continue to invest there?
Nathan Winters: Yes, I think if you look at the guidance for the second half, Matrox is accretive to our overall EBITDA margin. So that's -- but it was more than offset with the impact of FX just given the relative size and impact. So it's not a headwind from an EBITDA rated. But it's neutral from an EPS perspective, particularly with as we -- until we pay down the debt from the debt cost. So -- but from an EBITDA guide, it was partially accretive from the last outlook. But again, that was more than offset with the headwind from FX.
Robert Mason: Okay. Okay. Thanks for clarifying that. The -- and then just I will stay on maybe the cost side, just as the logistics or the premium logistics costs come down, looks like they will continue to trend down into the fourth quarter. And again, as you may be referenced, realigning your print transportation mode, should we expect that those logistic costs would continue to decline into 2023-ish, just based on what you're seeing right now, Nathan?
Nathan Winters: Yes, I think if you look at the -- if we break it into three components, one of those is what are the things we can control, which is limiting the amount of buy we do on the spot market as we work with our direct suppliers. And that's one of the benefits you saw from Q1 to Q2 in the second half. So that we expect to continue to decline. Moving print to ocean, again, is another thing that we can control that we'd expect to improve. I'd say we're not expecting at least, anytime in the near future, the kind of the underlying rate or cost per kilo to improve. I don't think you'd see until there's a significant increase in capacity -- global air capacity, while you see that rate improvement that's part of the reason we did the price increase in July, was to begin to offset that with a pricing increase. So that's the other benefit driving some of the margin as we get into Q3 and Q4 as the overlays of the pricing action. So again, two of the three variables we can control and expect to continue to improve the one around kind of that underlying air rate, I don't expect to see material improvement in that until you see something changing capacity. And that's the reason for the price increase on our side.
Robert Mason: Very good. Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Damian Karas of UBS. Please go ahead.
Damian Karas: Hey, good morning, everyone. Just wanted to ask a follow-up on the changes to how you ship product. Because, Nathan, I know you've mentioned in the past for your business, increasing passenger travel was a key to getting that improved cost and margin profile. And it does seem consumer travel is picking up a bit. So just curious, this decision around the ocean shipment is -- would you be that as more transient kind of a tactical change? Or are you really making a more permanent structural change to the business?
Nathan Winters: The  are moving or printing, you can think the large tabletop desktop printer to ocean that's how we've historically shipped it before the third quarter of last year. So 80%, 90% of that we shipped on ocean just given its relative weight. So irregardless of the rates, it's cheaper to put on ocean versus air, given the size and density of those products. The rest of the portfolio has always primarily been shipped on air via air and so that's again where those air rates were apart. So, Id say we're going back to our normal modes of -- normal modes of transportation, with this shift here as we go to the second half of the year,
Anders Gustafsson: Just one more comment on that. The reason we started putting printers on air was a based on long lead times. So that was to make sure we could prioritize meeting customer expectations of customer demand. But the intent was always to move it back to ocean as soon as supply chain constraints started to ease up a bit. And on the air capacity, certainly in, say in the U.S., and I think part of Europe, you're seeing passenger travel increase. In and out of China, I don't think we've seen a big increase and that's where the biggest bottleneck is. But we do hear, let's say, Hong Kong is looking to add more air capacity, so there will be a slight benefit to us.
Damian Karas: Got it. Got it. And just to clarify, so you haven't taken any further pricing actions or plan to take any further pricing actions. It's still kind of the three rounds of increases that you previously spoke to?
Nathan Winters: That's right. The last one just went into effect at the beginning of this month. And again, we'll continue to monitor if any additional necessary. I dont know, Joe, you want to ?
Joe Heel: I was just saying this last month, beginning of July.
Nathan Winters: Beginning of July -- excuse me, beginning of July.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Gustafsson for closing remarks.
Anders Gustafsson: To wrap up, I would just like to thank our employees and partners for their extraordinary efforts to serve customers and deliver a better-than-expected Q2 results. We continue to focus on prioritizing our customers mission critical needs and scaling our vibrant expansion markets. And we would also like to wish a warm welcome to the Matrox Imaging team. Thank you everyone.
Operator: The conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-05-03 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day. And welcome to the First Quarter 2022 Zebra Technologies Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode.  After todays presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. Please note, todays event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mike Steele, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead sir.
Mike Steele: Good morning and welcome to Zebras first quarter conference call. This presentation is being simulcast on our website at investors.zebra.com and will be archived there for at least one year. Our forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and assumptions and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially due to factors discussed in our SEC filings. During this call, we will reference non-GAAP financial measures as we describe our business performance. You can find reconciliations at the end of the slide presentation and in todays earnings press release. Throughout this presentation, unless otherwise indicated, our references to sales growth are year-over-year on a constant currency basis and exclude results from recently acquired businesses for the 12 months following each acquisition. This presentation will include prepared remarks from Anders Gustafsson, our Chief Executive Officer; and Nathan Winters, our Chief Financial Officer. Anders will begin with our first quarter results. Then Nathan will provide additional detail on the financials and discuss our revised 2022 outlook. Anders will conclude with progress made on advancing our Enterprise Asset Intelligence vision. Following the prepared remarks, Joe Heel, our Chief Revenue Officer will join us as we take your questions. Now lets turn to slide four as I hand it over to Anders.
Anders Gustafsson: Thank you, Mike. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Our team delivered solid first quarter results in an exceptionally challenging macro environment. For the quarter, we realized adjusted net sales growth of greater than 5% and adjusted EBITDA margin of 19.9%, a 540-basis-point decrease and non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $4.01, a 16% decrease from the prior year. Customer demand remains strong for our solutions that digitize and automate workflows. We realized sales growth across all four regions supported by exceptional strength in mobile computing with particularly strong growth in Asia-Pacific and Latin America. Our teams have continued to manage supply chain constraints as we navigate significant global macro uncertainty including COVID-19 lockdowns across Asia. We were able to secure more supply in mobile computing and scanning than we originally anticipated, which more than offset the impact of suspending shipments to Russia in early March. However, we were unable to fully satisfy customer demand particularly for our printing products. Supply chain costs were greater than our expectations and significantly weighed on gross margin, which was partially offset by higher service and softer margin. Operating expenses as a percentage of revenue increased due to acquisitions in our expansion markets and resuming in-person events. Overall, we are pleased that our first quarter sales and earnings performance exceeded the high-end of our guidance ranges despite extreme supply chain challenges including transitory costs that were higher than our expectations. With that, I will now turn the call over to Nathan to review our Q1 financial results in more detail and discuss our revised 2022 outlook.
Nathan Winters: Thank you, Anders. Lets start with the P&L on slide six. In Q1, adjusted net sales increased 6.1% including the impact of currency and acquisitions, and 5.4% on an organic basis, as we successfully secured a greater supply of mobile computers and data capture products than we had anticipated. Our Asset Intelligence and Tracking segment including printing and supplies declined 8.1% due to significant supply constraints on our printing products, as well as cycling strong prior year results. Enterprise Visibility & Mobility segment sales increased 11.6% driven by exceptional growth in mobile computing. We continue to drive solid growth across services and software with strong service attach rates and expansion of our software offerings. We recognized growth in all four regions. North America sales increased 2% with strength across the portfolio with the exception of printing. EMEA sales increased 2% driven by strong growth in mobile computing. Asia-Pacific sales grew 28%, with strength across all major geographies, including China. And in Latin America, sales increased 31% with exceptional growth in Mexico. Adjusted gross margin declined 430 basis points to 44.6% due to unprecedented premium supply chain costs and unfavorable product mix, partially offset by higher service and software margins. We will discuss our supply chain expenses further in a moment. Adjusted operating expenses as a percentage of sales increased 100 basis points, primarily due to new business acquisitions in our expansion markets, as well as increased marketing activities and employee travel costs as we return to in-person events. First quarter adjusted EBITDA margin was 19.9%, a 540-basis-point decrease from the prior year period, primarily due to negative gross margin impact of unprecedented supply chain costs. Non-GAAP earnings per diluted share was $4.01, a 16.3% year-over-year decrease. Turning now to the balance sheet and cash flow highlights on slide seven, our balance sheet remains strong. From a debt leverage perspective, we ended the quarter at a modest 0.8 times net debt-to-adjusted EBITDA leverage ratio, which provides us ample flexibility. In Q1, we generated $40 million of free cash flow, which was lower than last year, primarily due to higher incentive compensation payments given our exceptional 2021 performance and the higher use of working capital as sales volume shifted to later in the quarter. We also made $305 million of share repurchases, as we have been opportunistic in a volatile market. On slide eight, we showed the impact of transitory costs related to industry-wide supply chain disruption caused by the pandemic. Our team continues to work all avenues to satisfy strong customer demand, including product redesigns, long-term supply agreements, buying critical components in the spot market, along with expediting component parts and finished goods to meet our commitments to our customers. In Q1, we incurred incremental premium supply chain costs of $69 million as compared to the pre-pandemic baseline, which is higher than we had anticipated in our prior outlook. In total, transitory items had a combined unfavorable gross margin impact of $57 million year-over-year. Over the past year, these elevated supply chain costs have continued to evolve. At this point, approximately one half of the impact is associated with buying critical components on the spot market at elevated prices and expedited shipping of our printing products via air versus ocean. We expect this portion of the impact to improve throughout the year based on committed volumes from our key suppliers. The remaining half of the impact is associated with elevated freight costs. In Q1, we saw shipping cost per kilo improved and we assume March pricing holds through the remainder of the year. The war in Eastern Europe and lockdowns at manufacturing sites in China have elevated our supply chain costs above our prior expectations and delayed the improvement we had expected. We now anticipate approximately $200 million of premium supply chain costs for the full year. This impact is net of the anticipated impact of a price increase announced last week across our product portfolio that will become effective as we enter the second half of the year. Lets now turn to our outlook. We entered the second quarter with a strong order backlog and healthy sales pipeline supported by broad-based demand for our solutions. Our expected sales growth of 3% to 7% is limited by what we can deliver to our customers due to extended lead times and limited availability of component parts, amplified by COVID-19 lockdowns across China. Our guide assumes steady improvement in Chinese manufacturing output. Our outlook also assumes a neutral impact from acquisitions and foreign currency changes. We anticipate Q2 adjusted EBITDA margin to be between 20% and 21%, which assumes gross margin contraction from the prior year due to unfavorable sales mix and expected premium supply chain costs of $60 million, which translates to an approximately 260-basis-point detrimental margin impact as compared to the prior year period. We also expect increased operating expenses as a percentage of sales, primarily due to our entry into multiple expansion markets since last spring and resuming in-person events. Non-GAAP diluted EPS is expected to be in the range of $4.05 to $4.35. For the full year 2022, we are reiterating our outlook of adjusted net sales growth between 3% and 7%. Demand continues to be robust and product supply is improving, which offsets the headwind of 1 point to 2 points of sales into Russia and global macro uncertainty that has escalated since our prior outlook. This sales growth outlook now assumes a 50-basis-point detrimental net impact from foreign currency and business acquisitions due to the significant move in the euro since our prior update. We now anticipate full year 2022 adjusted EBITDA margin of approximately 22% to 23%, which is 1 point lower than our previous guide due to our revised expectation of supply chain costs, which are $60 million higher than the impact we realized in 2021. We now expect our free cash flow to be at least $800 million for the year, which we have reduced due to the increase in expected supply chain costs, as well as the anticipated increased use of working capital due to the timing of sales and inventory replenishment. Note, that our outlook excludes the pending acquisition of Matrox Imaging, which Anders will cover in a moment. Please reference additional modeling assumptions shown on slide nine. With that, I will turn the call back to Anders to discuss how we are advancing our Enterprise Asset Intelligence vision.
Anders Gustafsson: Thank you, Nathan. I am encouraged by the strong demand across our business and the bold actions our teams are taking to navigate the supply chain challenges and the uncertain global environment. Slide 11 illustrates how we digitize and automate the front line of business by leveraging our industry-leading portfolio of products, software and services. By transforming workflows with our proven solutions, Zebras customers can effectively address their complex operational challenges, which have been magnified by the pandemic. We empower the workforce to do their jobs more efficiently by navigating constant change in near real-time, utilizing insights driven by advanced software capabilities such as prescriptive analytics, intelligent automation and machine vision. We were very excited to resume active participation in trade show events. At MODEX 2022, the worlds premier supply chain show, Zebra showcased our solutions, which provide intelligent automation to help warehouses increase their productivity as e-commerce accelerates. Attendees were interested in the dynamic orchestration between our autonomous mobile robots and warehouse associates equipped with our wearable technology, which significantly increases pick productivity. Zebra also demonstrated how our fixed industrial scanners and autonomous mobile robots work together to increase efficiency and reduce costs in warehouse operations. At HIMSS, the leading Global Healthcare Conference, customers were excited to see how our solutions are designed to connect critical equipment, patients and caregivers to address challenges across their operations ranging from patient identification to pharmaceutical supply chain visibility, our both featured track and trace technologies, including scan and print solutions that increase the accuracy of inventory supply management to improve throughput, reduce waste and inform sourcing decisions. We also highlighted how Zebras RFID solutions can further improve health care operations and patient safety. Earlier this year, we raised our long-term organic sales growth expectations to 5% to 7% and provided a refreshed view of our served markets as noted on slide 12. These expectations are supported by megatrends, including the on-demand economy, asset visibility, mobility and cloud computing, and automation. These trends have become increasingly important to our enterprise customers and are now a higher priority as labor shortages and cost inflation continue to bring more challenges. Our announcement in the March to acquire Matrox Imaging, a recognized leader in machine vision, underscores our commitment to scaling into these expansion markets. Slide 13 illustrates how the Matrox acquisition will enable us to create a comprehensive portfolio of fixed industrial scanning and machine vision solutions, building on our smart camera product launch last year and augmenting our growing expertise in software and deep learning. Matrox brings a complementary offering of products and solutions, including advanced smart cameras, vision controllers and 3D sensors, as well as one of the most sophisticated software imaging libraries in the market. These solutions capture, inspect, assess and record data from industrial systems in factory automation, electronics, pharmaceuticals and semiconductor industries. Customers benefit from increased productivity and improved product quality. With this acquisition, Zebra will become even better positioned to serve our customers increasingly complex needs regardless of where they are on their automation journey. Matrox generates annual sales of approximately $100 million, with a higher profit margin profile than Zebra. The $875 million acquisition is expected to close midyear. Now turning to slide 14, businesses partner with Zebra to help optimize their end-to-end workflows as they strive to meet increasing demands of consumers, I would like to highlight several recent key wins across our end markets. A truck stop operator in North America recently began rolling out our task management and prescriptive analytics software solutions to its more than 700 locations. We are addressing this customers need to track and optimize its internal supplies and retail inventory levels in real-time, while prioritizing and directing employee resources to the highest value opportunities. A feedback loop on task execution is critical, as the aim to maximize productivity and customer satisfaction. A large supermarket operator in Europe has expanded its use of Zebra products, including mobile computers and scanners to address click and collect use cases for buy online pickup in-store transactions, price checking, loss prevention, inventory, reallocation among stores and improved product availability. This expansion win demonstrates the productivity benefit of a more connected and empowered workforce. One of the largest railroad freight companies in North America is deploying our TC57 mobile computers to its train conductors and employees working in the rail yards. They use the devices to ensure cargo is on-boarded to the correct train or truck for the next leg of its journey and to automate time and attendance tasks and daily activity of the train crew. The ruggedness and productivity of the Zebra solution was a key differentiator in this competitive win against the consumer device. In another recent win, a regional health care system expanded their use of Zebra solutions, replacing desk phones with our TC21 mobile computers and deploying TC52 mobile computers with our Workforce Connect application for instant clinical communications, including secure texting and calls. We continue to collaborate with this customer to explore additional solutions that can further optimize their operations. We were also very pleased that Rakuten, a large third-party logistics provider selected Zebras autonomous mobile robots to improve the productivity of their warehouse operations. This fulfillment solution will improve picking efficiency, eliminating unnecessary steps for its frontline workers. The connectivity of the associates through wearable technology increases the ability to share prioritized tasks in real-time to create additional efficiencies. In closing, we continue to be very excited about our growth prospects. The pandemic has accelerated trends that drive Zebras vibrant markets including digitizing the healthcare-patient journey, e-commerce adoption, and real-time track and trace across the supply chain. We are working diligently to navigate through near-term industry-wide supply chain challenges and to satisfy strong customer demand for our solutions. Now, I will hand the call back over to Mike.
Mike Steele: Thanks. Anders. We will now open the call to Q&A. We ask that you limit yourself to one question and one follow-up, so that we can get to as many of you as possible.
Operator: Thank you.  And ladies and gentlemen, todays first question comes from Tommy Moll with Stephens. Please go ahead.
Tommy Moll: Good morning and thank you for taking my questions.
Anders Gustafsson: Good morning.
Tommy Moll: Anders, I wanted to start on the topic of some of the pricing actions you have announced. I am just looking back through notes here and I think there was one in September, another one in February and now it sounds like one in April. So what can you tell us there about how realization has gone thus far, what feedback or pushback if any you have gotten when these have been announced and if you are able to quantify for your full year revenue outlook, how much you think you will realize on a year-over-year basis, that would be helpful to know as well? Thank you.
Anders Gustafsson: Yeah. I will start and then I will have some of my colleagues here add to this also. But we continue to assess and address pricing issues based on competitive environment and the inflationary environment as well. As you mentioned, we have implemented targeted price changes in September of last year and February of this year that was across the product portfolio and the intent for those was to substantially offset, the realized component cost increases that we have seen. We implemented the latest price increase last week, which was intended to partially mitigate the premium shipping costs that we have experienced and we will continue to assess this pricing -- our pricing environment and make sure that we do what we can to offset the increased costs that we are experiencing. I will let Joe Heel talk a bit more about the impact on customers here.
Joe Heel: Yeah. Tommy, we have been quite pleased with the impacted pricing increases have had so far in the market in the way they have been accepted by our customers. Our larger customers have generally received them with understanding, as they see price increases elsewhere in the business as well and have accepted them, and in our run rate, we have been pleased with the resiliency that we have seen as the run rate has grown despite the fact that we have increased the price. So, overall, we are quite pleased with the realization.
Nathan Winters: Yeah. Tommy, this is Nathan. Just the last point of your question, so if you aggregate the three price increases, its nearly 2-point of sales growth contribution for the full year. So, again, just to remind it is not a general increase, but they were targeted across product families and regions, and each one has a lag before you feel the full impact in the P&L as we honor committed pricing on specific deals and other contracts we have with certain customers.
Tommy Moll: Thats all very helpful thing. Thank you. On Matrox, I wanted to shift gears here. I guess to start, anything you can share just in terms of P&L, revenue CAGR historically or prospectively and maybe in terms of the market? Margins you have called out is accretive to Zebra there at least a couple of public peers with substantially higher margins, both at the gross and operating margin lines? I know you probably cant give us exact numbers. But anything you can do to just situate us on what the profile looks at Matrox would be helpful. But maybe at a higher level as well, just help us situate the Matrox platform with your existing vision platform that you have built organically and what avenues are open to you through Matrox that werent previously? Thank you.
Anders Gustafsson: I will start and then I think Joe will help out here also. First, we announced the -- our intent to acquire Matrox Imaging back in March, and they are a recognized leader in machine vision and I think that underscores our commitment to the important expansion market for us. You might remember we launched our own fixed industrial scanning portfolio last year and Matrox very much complements our fixed industrial scanning by being clear -- one of the clear leaders in the machine vision. So we are sort of very excited about what this combination can bring to us. It sort of helps us scale our business much faster and creates a very comprehensive product and solutions portfolio. And Id say here also, Matrox has one of the absolutely most sophisticated software libraries for machine vision in the industry and we are very excited about what we can do with that together. So we feel we have a very strong platform that we can now grow off. And I think the acquisition will help Zebra to serve our customers needs better whether they are just beginning on their automation journey or have very complex needs. And at Zebra, we have already recruited over 100 channel partners in this space. So we feel that we are able to bring the best of Zebra and the best of Matrox to bear here. So very complementary product offerings, very complementary go-to-market activities, where we are leveraging our channel centricity and able -- we are able to bring that expertise to Matrox to help accelerate their growth
Joe Heel: Perhaps, the only thing Id add on the go-to-market side is that, recruiting channel partners is the primary thrust for developing the go-to-market opportunity, but we also see a good opportunity in bringing machine vision applications to our existing large customers. I think in particular about our P&L and our manufacturing customers are looking to automate warehouses and production facility. And we already are seeing good traction as those customers have engaged with us on the fixed industrial scanning side with our existing portfolio and as they have heard about our announced acquisition of Matrox, they are very eager to engage with us on the machine vision side as well. So we see a lot of good traction on the go-to-market part.
Nathan Winters: Yeah, Tommy has already got a three-headed answer here. But as we said, $100 million run rate, its in an attractive market thats growing high-single digits and we would expect for us to participate in that. And from a margin standpoint, it is accretive to our overall Zebras EBITDA rate, but not quite to maybe some of the other competitors in the market just based on size and scale of the company where its at today.
Tommy Moll: Three-headed answer, but a multipart question. So thank you for indulging there.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentleman, our next question today comes from Keith Housum with Northcoast Research. Please go ahead.
Keith Housum: Good morning, guys. Anders, looking at the supply chain issues, which is obviously very fluid in China today, can you perhaps describe where Zebra is right now in terms of working with your key vendors and getting the supplies you need. I mean, is it still a matter of uncertainty or do you feel like the worst is past and things are going better for you guys?
Anders Gustafsson: Yeah. I think we believe that the situation improved through Q1 and we see it as improving over the year, but not a snap back into pre-COVID situations. We have been building more and more resiliency into our supply chain over the last several years, when tariffs happened, we set up new facilities in Malaysia, Vietnam, Taiwan, Mexico and so for. So we are much less dependent on China as an assembly facility. We have also worked hard on signing up long-term supply agreements with both new and existing suppliers and that is beginning to benefit us given the strong performance we had in Q1 on revenues and the solid guide we gave on Q2 outlook here. We are also continuing to buy critical components on the spot markets, thats helping to optimize our allocation with suppliers and we have been dedicating now for quite a long time a substantial part of our engineering resources to product redesigns to minimize the impact of these long lead time components. So I think we feel we have a better visibility today, better supplier commitments and then coupled that with the product redesigns, which eliminates the need for some of these long lead time components. We feel we are in a better -- in a gradually improving environment throughout this year.
Keith Housum: So just to be clear, the ongoing issues were shutdowns in Shanghai over the past month and right in Beijing are not impacting your supply chain issues correct now, is that correct?
Anders Gustafsson: We dont expect them to impact us for the quarter. Theres been -- our main Tier I assembly facilities in China are up and running, but there are some Tier 2 facilities or Tier 3 facilities that are still impacted. But based on our latest data, we expect them to be able to come online and produce what we need for the quarter.
Keith Housum: Great. I appreciate that. And then just coming back to the price increases, following on Tommys question. I think if I remember, historically, you guys were trying not to pass on through price increases, the impact from the higher freight. With the most recent price increase, are you guys now attempting to do that because the cost comes so high, is that the issue?
Anders Gustafsson: No. Thats right, Keith. The first two are more really focused around the component increases and this last one is really targeted at the premium shipping costs. Primarily, if you look at the cost per kilo that we are paying, the rates have come down quite a bit from the fourth quarter to what we are seeing in March. But we dont expect those to -- we are holding that constant in our forecast for the full year, but its going to take some time before we get back to pre-pandemic levels given the current environment.
Keith Housum: Great. Yeah. I appreciate that. Thank you.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, our question today comes from Andrew Buscaglia with Berenberg. Please go ahead.
Andrew Buscaglia: Good morning, guys.
Anders Gustafsson: Good morning.
Andrew Buscaglia: So may be just limited to the demand side a bit, so you are able to, I think, ship product to customers and able to get that -- fulfill that demand, which seems to be intact. But you are hearing some of these larger e-commerce companies talk about perhaps some lower spend on capital projects this year. I am wondering for the remainder of the year what are -- what is your assumption on where that demand is coming from? Do you see -- I think your last quarter, you still talked about some optimism around some large projects moving forward or thats not in your guide. But maybe talk about the dynamics you are seeing and what type of demand you are seeing from individual customers?
Anders Gustafsson: Well, first Id say that, the demand environment is very strong. Particularly, say you talked about retail, but I think it goes to all verticals for us. The digital transformation is continuing at a fast pace and thats driving strong demand for our type of solutions. And we performed above the high-end of our outlook here despite these supply chain challenges and having to suspend shipments into Russia in March. So, overall, the supply was more favorable to us in Q2 -- in Q1 and we are -- we expect demand to continue to kind of outpace or certainly in Q1 the demand outpaced our supply and that was particularly true for printers. But we did see strong growth across all regions, but particularly so in Latin America and Asia-Pacific, and mobile computing was the strongest performer on the product side. Its hard for us to comment now specifically on individual customers, but we have a number of large customers. They tend to have to go through buying cycles. And at this stage, I think, we feel we can certainly offset any weakness that we have seen so far with -- due to this overall strong demand from the broader business and we highlighted also here that the strength of the run rate in Q1. Joe, do you want to add?
Joe Heel: Yeah. I would add that we are seeing especially in the second half growth opportunities in the following areas. One is our run rate. Remember that our business has at least a third of it in the run rate, which is smaller transactions and thats a segment of the market that has shown remarkable resiliency especially recently and so we are expecting that will continue through the rest of the year. Manufacturing and P&L have been quite strong as well for us as those sectors have been renewing a lot of their technology and there is interest in new technology areas there that drive greater productivity and efficiency, which will be needed by those sectors in the economic environment that we are in. So I think about things like automation and RFID, those are areas that we are seeing good demand come in and help us in the second half.
Andrew Buscaglia: Okay. No. Thats helpful. So maybe just one other one on capital allocation, just given how the stocks act this year amongst the tough market and I know you have lowered your cash flow expectations for the year. So are -- is share repurchase becoming more of an interesting use of cash here or are you still sort of more so committed to M&A?
Nathan Winters: So from a capital allocation, we said in the prepared remarks, we ended Q1 at just below 1 point from a net debt leverage perspective. So obviously comfortable with where we are at. It gives us lot of flexibility to do both, to continue to look for attractive M&A opportunities, as well as to be active from a share repurchase perspective and we were in Q1 with over $300 million of share repurchases, we have been active here in Q2 with more than $100 million of share repurchases so far. So I think the balance sheet flexibility and the free cash flow for the year gives us that ability to do both. And again, even with the Matrox acquisition, if there are opportunities that come along, we are still active in the market.
Andrew Buscaglia: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Jim Ricchiuti with Needham & Company. Please go ahead.
Jim Ricchiuti: Hi. Good morning. I just wanted to get into the outlook for the AIT business, as you look at Q2, in the second half. Are you assuming some easing of the supply chain pressures that potentially will help the topline in that part of the business where clearly you have been probably a little bit more heavily disrupted as well on margins?
Anders Gustafsson: Yeah. First it will be more broadly across all our product categories. We continue to drive a lot of innovation across the portfolio of our solutions and that are helping to digitize and automate frontline workflows and those are increasingly important areas of investment for our customers. And Id say our synergistic portfolio of software and services and products are solving some very critical challenges for our customers. For the Printing business, we certainly saw some supply chain challenges across most of the printing portfolio in Q1 that was driven by some actually few key components. So it wasnt so widespread but its a few key components that we needed. North America and Europe was disproportionately impacted by those challenges, but it was more a global thing. But we have succeeded in securing more of those components, particularly late in Q1 and we see then the combination of having more of those components. And some of these redesigned activities we have done to ease the need for or to enable us to get more supply and we expect to see a good sequential uptick in our Printing business in Q2 and lets say sort of the underlying demand for our Printing business is very strong.
Jim Ricchiuti: Thank you. And just as it relates to EMEA, Europe, clearly some impact from supply chain on the Printing business that you have seen. But I am just wondering are you seeing, have you seen any change in demand since we have seen the conflict in Ukraine in Western Europe from either some of the increased macro uncertainty? Are you seeing any shift in the demand that you are seeing from some of your customers and end markets there?
Anders Gustafsson: Lets say so far Europe has been resilient and we have seen -- we had a very strong demand in first quarter. We obviously had been impacted by Russia and Ukraine. So we have about 1% to 2% of our revenues coming out of Russia and Ukraine, particularly Russia. But so far, Id ask Joe to comment here also that our European customers have been quite resilient and we havent seen them pull back, you might have individual customers, but not across the Board.
Joe Heel: Yeah. I can only echo that we have seen outside of the fact that we discontinued our sales into Russia and halted into Ukraine as well. We have not seen an adverse impact on the sales in the rest of Europe, neither in our large customer business nor in our run rate.
Jim Ricchiuti: Got it. Thank you.
Anders Gustafsson: I think, as I mentioned
Operator: And our next
Anders Gustafsson:  with the tight labor market that you see in the U.S. and Europe, our solutions become more important, right? This is -- our solutions help mitigate the need for adding workers. Basically, the same workforce can add productivity, can be more productive by utilizing our type of solutions, mobile computers, printers, robots, basically all our portfolio.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Meta Marshall with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Meta Marshall: Great. Thanks. Maybe a couple of questions for me, in the past you have given a view that about a third of retail representatives or representatives kind of have mobile devices today and thats kind of a great opportunity for growth for you guys going forward. Just as we kind of emerge from a COVID environment. Just any update to that view of where we are or where organizations are looking to get to as far as penetration of devices? And then second question from me, just any update on kind of the healthcare market, particularly as they move past kind of COVID use cases to more kind of turning to their own transformation? Thanks.
Anders Gustafsson: Yeah. I will start and then we will see if Joe wants to add something here also. But first starting on the mobile computing side, which is the device for all. First, we had strong growth this past quarter supported by very broad-based demand across all regions. And I say here, we had a particular bright spot around rugged tablets, which we dont talk too about as much, but we were up double digits and definitely taking share in that space. We also announced a new WS50, which is the worlds smallest all-in-one android wearable and thats going to be available for shipment now in Q2. And then more specifically to your question about empowering every worker with the device, that is clearly a strong theme for our customers. We estimate that in retail, less than one-third of all workers are currently equipped with the device. But we are now seeing -- we worked with several large retailers today, who are deploying our devices to every one of their associates. So this trend is definitely alive and progressing. Also Id say the partnership that we have with Microsoft Teams provides another strong collaboration platform that is aimed at frontline workers and thats helping to drive momentum and then I will go to health care and then I will -- oh, do you want to
Joe Heel: Yeah. Before you go to healthcare
Anders Gustafsson: Yeah.
Joe Heel:  let me just add one thing to that point. This last point is quite important. We are beginning to see elements of the strategy that have both devices and hardware and software and services applications come together bear fruit by showing synergies in both directions. And what do I mean by that? We have already been pursuing, looking at our device customers, where we have a very strong market share and offering them some of the applications like our Workforce Connect, voice communication capability or our Reflexis task management capability and have seen good opportunity for synergies in that direction. But what we are seeing now is customers are thinking about those applications that really have their workforce collaborate. The Teams example that Anders gave and also its voice communications like Workforce Connect requires a workforce to be fully equipped, otherwise they cant collaborate and thats what we are now seeing is customers think in order to deploy this Workforce Connections solution or the Teams solution, I need to get a device for all our workers. We have several examples now of where that, if you will, reverse synergy has taken place and thats a really good driver of momentum for us into that other two-thirds of workers that we have been looking forward.
Anders Gustafsson: And a couple of words on healthcare. So healthcare continues to be a very attractive growth opportunity for us as we help the healthcare industry transform. Our purpose-built solutions are critical for improving the patient journey and to drive productivity of healthcare providers more broadly. We also enhance caregiving to better address patient demands and we accomplished this by automating workflows, as well as connecting assets, patients and staff from a fiscal digital perspective. We see also a number of new attractive growth opportunities such as tablets for telehealth, where just more interest around location of equipment, and Id say, our broad portfolio of supply is playing very well in healthcare. And lastly, our solutions are also use that we talked about in earlier call for global vaccine distribution such as for polio COVID 19 or malaria. So we start to see healthcare is being a very attractive growth market for us as we go forward.
Meta Marshall: Great. Thanks.
Operator:  Todays next question comes from Joseph Donahue with Baird. Please go ahead.
Joseph Donahue: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking the question. Could you talk about the demand you are seeing for RFID. I had some large companies announced projects that trickling down if it broad based?
Anders Gustafsson: Yeah. RFID is a very attractive market for us. Its been commercialized for some 30 years. But we now see strong demand around apparels, in-store inventory accuracy as it was the first driver and we have seen a few large public customer announcements in the last month or so, both from Walmart and UPS, which I am not talking about our participation in this program. I am just talking about the commitment they show to RFID and how many of the suppliers and partners of those companies will also have to figure out how to deliver solutions that are compatible with their processes now. So we have seen strong growth in our RFID portfolio, somewhat more hamstrung by supply chain constraints in first one, but the backlog and the momentum for us is very strong. And we have a leading portfolio of mobile reader, RFID readers, fixed readers, and our printer and coders.
Joe Heel: Yeah. I think in particular, if I may add, this is Joe Heel, that a mandate like Walmart where they are asking their suppliers to tag the product going into their stores requires not only the readers that we often think are first, but it also requires printing all of those tags and getting the tags. So we are seeing a lot of increased demand now for both printers and tags in addition to readers. So there is a good momentum in RFID. This is the technology that will drive growth for some time.
Joseph Donahue: Okay. Great. And then just to switch it up, you have talked earlier about redefines, are those factoring mostly now or should the effects be seen later in the year?
Joe Heel: Redesigns.
Anders Gustafsson: Yeah. We have been redesigning a number of our products starting from last summer to now. So some of them are already in effect and working and that was part of what helped us in Q1. Others are just coming online and some are going to be completed I think more later in Q2. So, it kind of -- we -- this is a dynamic environment and we have to hook, adjust and react to feedback we get from the market about the different components. Some components might have been okay in Q3 of last year, but they were became long lead time components in Q1. So it is an ongoing program for us. But we are seeing less and less need for it. So the resources we have dedicated to it have -- we have been able to release some of those back into regular product developments. But it is helping already and I expect that it will continue to incrementally help us as we go through the year.
Joseph Donahue: Got it. Thanks.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Damian Karas with UBS. Please go ahead.
Damian Karas: Hi. Good morning, everyone.
Anders Gustafsson: Good morning.
Joe Heel: Good morning.
Nathan Winters: Good morning.
Damian Karas: So I am late to join here. Switching over from another call. Apologies if I repeat anything you might have already mentioned. But I wanted to ask you first about the sales trajectory and guidance. I think you are coming in above expectations for the first quarter and looking it later this year, the comps do get easier. So, I am just wondering if you could maybe comment on why the growth rate wouldnt pick up later this year and just maybe any color you could provide sort of on the run rate for orders as you exited the quarter?
Anders Gustafsson: Yeah. So if you look at our full year guide of 3% to 7%, sort of saying, you have heard earlier, which is why we are as confident as ever about the business. Strong backlog, solid orders, booking momentum here in the first part of the year and we are seeing our pricing actions taking hold, which is giving us a benefit, as well as continued improvement in supply visibility assuming. But this is also helping offset the assumed headwind of 1 point to 2 points of sales into Russia that were offsetting for the full year, as well as taking a cautious view on the second half assumptions given the broader macro uncertainties, as well as the FX volatility. So if the strong momentum definitely plays a part, but offsetting two significant headwinds between Russia, the macro uncertainty and FX.
Damian Karas: Okay. Understood. And then, I wanted to ask you about working capital, more specifically, inventory. So, sequentially, inventory did move lower. Just wondering how you are positioned in terms of any raw materials, work in processes you might have on hand that kind of satisfy your near-term demand. And wondering if you will be looking to build raw material or WIP to ensure you dont have a short per phone supply going forward?
Anders Gustafsson: Yeah. So we did see a decrease in inventory here in the first quarter as we were able to ship more than what we had expected driving the sales in Q1 ahead of our guide and that is the expectation for the remainder of the year is that we would slowly build back inventory both from a strategic reserve WIP at our Tier 1 and Tier 2 suppliers, as well as ultimately building back our finished good stock in our own warehouses. But I think you wont really see the full effects of that until later in the year and early part of next year. But thats part of the reason for our full year free cash flow guide was to give us some flexibility if we had -- if we can build inventory later in the year then we can do that.
Damian Karas: Got it. Makes sense. Appreciate the color. Best of luck guys.
Anders Gustafsson: Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes our question-and-answer session. Id like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Gustafsson for any closing remarks.
Anders Gustafsson: Yeah. To wrap up, I would like to take a moment to say our thoughts are with all those affected by Russias invasion of Ukraine, particularly our colleagues in the region and those with loved ones, who have been impacted. I would like to thank our employees and partners for their extraordinary efforts to serve customers and deliver better than expected Q1 results, We continue to focus on prioritizing our customers needs in a supply constrained environment and we look forward to welcoming the Matrox team once the acquisition closes. Thank you, everybody.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, this concludes todays conference call. We thank you all for attending todays presentation. You may now disconnect your lines and have a wonderful day.

===== 2021 Q4  (2022-02-10 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day everyone and welcome to Zebra's Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2021 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. Please also note today's event is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn the floor over to Mike Steele, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Mike Steele: Good morning and welcome to Zebra's fourth quarter conference call. This presentation is being simulcast on our website at investors.zebra.com and will be archived there for at least one year. Our forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and assumptions and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially due to factors discussed in our SEC filings. During this call, we will reference non-GAAP financial measures as we describe our business performance. You can find reconciliations at the end of the slide presentation and in today's earnings press release. Throughout this presentation, unless otherwise indicated, our references to sales growth are year-over-year on a constant currency basis and exclude results from recently acquired businesses for the 12 months following each acquisition. This presentation will include prepared remarks from Anders Gustafsson, our Chief Executive Officer; and Nathan Winters, our Chief Financial Officer. Anders will begin with our fourth quarter and full year 2021 results. Then Nathan will provide additional detail on financials and discuss our 2022 outlook. Anders will conclude with progress made on advancing our enterprise asset intelligence vision along with an updated view of our served market opportunity and revised long-term sales outlook. Following the prepared remarks, Joe Heel, our Chief Revenue Officer, will join us as we take your questions. Now let's turn to Slide 4 as I hand it over to Anders.
Anders Gustafsson: Thank you, Mike. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us. Our team delivered solid fourth quarter results in an exceptionally challenging supply chain environment. For the quarter, we realized adjusted net sales growth of 12% or 10% on an organic basis, adjusted EBITDA of $319 million, a 4% year-over-year increase and adjusted EBITDA margin of 21.7%, a 180 basis point decrease. Non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $4.54, a 2% increase from the prior year and strong free cash flow. Customer demand is stronger than ever for our solutions that digitize and automate workflows. We realized sales growth across all four regions, supported by exceptional strength in mobile computing, with particularly strong growth in Asia Pacific and Latin America. Supply chain constraints limited us from fully satisfying our customer demand, particularly for certain data capture and printing offerings. Our teams have been aggressively working to mitigate the impact of the unprecedented industry-wide supply chain challenges by securing new sources of supply, utilizing alternative modalities of transportation and expediting customer shipments. Premium freight costs exceeded our expectations and significantly weighed on gross margin, which was partially offset by higher service and software margin. We also scaled operating expenses while continuing to invest in initiatives to drive sustainable, profitable growth. Our solid fourth quarter performance closed an outstanding full year 2021 in which we generated record sales, EBITDA margin, earnings per share and free cash flow. With that, I will now turn the call over to Nathan to review our Q4 financial results in more detail and discuss our 2022 outlook.
Nathan Winters: Thank you, Anders. Let's start with the P&L on Slide 6. In Q4, adjusted net sales increased 11.7%, including the impact of currency and acquisitions and 10% on an organic basis reflecting broad-based demand for our solutions. Our Asset Intelligence and Tracking segment, including printing and supplies, grew 3.1% despite significant supply constraints on our printer products and cycling very strong prior year results. Enterprise Visibility & Mobility segment sales increased 13.2%, driven by exceptional growth in mobile computing. We continue to drive solid growth across services and software with strong service attach rates and expansion of our software offerings. We recognized solid growth in all four regions. North America sales increased 4% with strength in mobile computing, supplies and services. EMEA sales increased 9%, driven by strong growth in mobile computing. Asia Pacific sales grew 29% with strength across all major geographies, including China. And in Latin America, sales increased 42%, continuing strong double-digit growth in all major offerings. Adjusted gross margin declined 210 basis points to 45.7% due to unprecedented premium freight costs partially offset by higher service and software margins. We will discuss transitory costs, including premium freight further in a moment. Adjusted operating expenses as a percentage of sales improved 40 basis points as we scaled our cost structure while continuing to prioritize high-return investment opportunities in the business. Fourth quarter adjusted EBITDA margin was 21.7%, a 180 basis point decrease from the prior year period, entirely attributable to lower gross margin from transitory impacts, partially offset by operating expense leverage. We drove non-GAAP earnings per diluted share of $4.54 and $0.08 or 1.8% year-over-year increase, which also reflects lower interest expense and a slightly higher tax rate. Turning now to the balance sheet and cash flow highlights on Slide 7. In 2021, we generated more than $1 billion of free cash flow for the first time in our history. This was $115 million higher than the prior year, primarily due to increased profitable growth. Our balance sheet remains strong. From a debt leverage perspective, we ended the year at a modest 0.5x net debt to adjusted EBITDA leverage ratio, which provides us ample flexibility. In 2021, we invested $452 million to acquire Antuit, Fetch Robotics and Adaptive Vision to advance our solutions offerings in retail, manufacturing and the warehouse. In addition, we made $34 million of venture investments in five portfolio companies, $59 million of capital expenditures, $257 million of net debt repayments and $57 million of share repurchases. On Slide 8, we show the multi-year impact of transitory costs primarily related to expedited freight due to supply chain bottlenecks caused by the pandemic as well as tariffs on China imports. Our team is making heroic efforts to satisfy customer demand. This includes dedicating substantial engineering resources to product redesigns, negotiating long-term supply agreements with new and existing suppliers, shifting virtually all transport to air promotion and expediting component parts and finished goods to meet customer commitments. Global freight rates have reached record high cost per kilo for all modalities of delivery across our supply chain. In Q4 compared to pre-pandemic rates, we incurred incremental premium freight costs of $67 million, which is higher than we had anticipated in our prior outlook, and $58 million higher than the prior year. Partially offsetting this impact were $4 million of refunds of China import tariffs, which was $8 million less than we received in the fourth quarter of 2020. In total, these transitory items had a combined unfavorable gross margin impact of $66 million year-over-year. I will discuss our assumptions regarding the 2022 impact of transitory costs in a moment. Let's now turn to our outlook. We entered the year with a strong order backlog and healthy sales pipeline supported by broad-based demand for our solutions. Our expected sales growth of 1% to 3% for the first quarter has been capped by what we can deliver to our customers due to extended lead times and limited availability of component parts. Our outlook assumes an approximately 1 percentage point additive impact from acquisitions and foreign currency changes. We anticipate Q1 adjusted EBITDA margin to be approximately 20%, which assumes gross margin contraction from the prior year due to unfavorable sales mix and expected premium freight costs of $60 million, which translates to 340 basis point unfavorable impact to the prior year period. We also expect increased operating expenses as a percent of sales primarily due to our entry into multiple expansion markets since last spring and resuming in-person events. We believe total supply chain impacts, including transitory costs and product availability, are peaking in Q1 with recent improvements in freight capacity and better visibility and supplier commitments to component supply into the second quarter. Non-GAAP diluted EPS is expected to be in the range of $3.70 to $4. For the full year 2022, we expect adjusted net sales to grow between 3% and 7% with the assumption that supply chain constraints steadily abate throughout the year. This outlook assumes a net neutral impact from acquisitions and foreign currency changes. We anticipate full year 2022 adjusted EBITDA margin between 23% and 24%, which assumes total transitory cost impacts, including premium freight expenses of approximately $140 million to $160 million. This is slightly higher than the impact we realized in 2021. We expect our free cash flow to be at least $900 million for the year. Please reference additional modeling assumptions shown on Slide 9. With that, I will turn the call back to Anders to discuss how we are advancing our enterprise asset intelligence vision and to provide an update on our served market opportunity and long-term growth expectations.
Anders Gustafsson: Thank you, Nathan. I am encouraged by the strong demand across our business and the bold actions our teams are taking to navigate the supply chain challenges. Slide 11 illustrates how we digitize and automate the frontline of business by leveraging our industry-leading portfolio of products, software and services. By transforming workflows with our proven solutions that generate an attractive return on investment, Zebra's customers can effectively address their operational challenges, which have become increasingly complex through the pandemic. Our innovative solutions empower the workforce to do their jobs more efficiently by navigating constant change in near real-time, utilizing insights driven by advanced software capabilities such as prescriptive analytics, intelligent automation and machine vision. We are raising our long-term organic sales growth expectations to 5% to 7% from our former expectation of 4% to 5%. On Slide 12, we provide a refreshed view of our served markets totaling approximately $30 billion, which are supported by mega trends, including the on-demand economy, asset visibility, mobility and cloud computing and automation. These trends have become increasingly important to our enterprise customers and we remain well positioned to meet their needs with our comprehensive solutions. Today, the vast majority of Zebra sales are in our core, which remains vibrant and is now expected to grow 4% to 5%. We have the broadest and deepest offering among the competition and believe that our continued focus and investment will advance our leadership position. Our near adjacencies provide ample opportunity to expand and have a generally higher growth profile than our core. The most promising categories include RFID solutions for use cases that demand the highest level of workforce productivity and inventory accuracy. Smart supplies, including dynamic temperature monitoring as well as the opportunity to equip a broader set of frontline workers with our expanded offering of mobile computers. Beyond our core and near adjacencies are rapid growth expansion opportunities that are transforming workflows across the supply chain. We have entered these areas through organic and inorganic investments over the past 18 months and they represent a low to mid-single-digit percentage of Zebra sales. In mid 2021, we launched several fixed industrial scanning and machine vision smart cameras. We also acquired Fetch Robotics to give us the broadest portfolio of autonomous mobile robots in the industry. We have also been building a compelling software suite that optimizes retail execution and demand planning, which includes Reflexis workforce and task management, Zebra Prescriptive Analytics, Workforce Connect, SmartCount and antuit.ai powered demand forecasting. Collectively, we are serving an approximately $6 billion market in these exciting expansion areas. We are early on our journey and have the opportunity to extend our capabilities deeper into the areas of machine vision, warehouse automation and workflow optimization software over time. Now turning to Slide 13. Businesses partner with Zebra to help optimize their end-to-end workflows as they strive to meet the increasing demands of consumers. I would like to highlight several recent key wins across our end markets. A global apparel retailer is deploying a Zebra solution of 32,000 TC52 mobile computers along with Workforce Connect voice collaboration software and our software solution that transforms mobile computers into workstations on demand. We are enabling this retailer to improve associate productivity and communication in both front of store and distribution center applications, eliminating the need for walkie-talkies and full desktop computer workstations. Our mobile computers will also provide the benefit of stable network connectivity, improved security features and battery management tools. This competitive takeaway win from a major consumer device provider demonstrates our superior value proposition versus the competition. In another recent win, Zebra's Reflexis workforce management solution has enabled a U.S.-based specialty retailer to optimize scheduling for more than 25,000 employees and provide enhanced self-service reporting and analytics to support accountability and performance. We have expanded our relationship with a leading international energy company to empower thousands of convenience store associates in the United Kingdom with Workforce Connect and Reflexis workforce management applications on their Zebra mobile computers and tablets. Our solution enables the store associates to automate their daily responsibilities, maximizing productivity and streamlining task management and administration. We have expanded our relationship with a European auto manufacturer, augmenting thousands of their Zebra mobile computers with RFID readers to enhance quality control in production lines and allow secure employee system access. We continue to collaborate with this customer to pilot promising new solutions to further optimize their operations. In health care, a large hospital system in the Southern United States purchased TC52 mobile computers and our Workforce Connect software application to enable mobile access to the medical record systems as well as facilitate instant communication between nurses and other clinicians. Zebra has selected over competing consumer device providers because of our reputation for comprehensive enterprise solutions. In closing, we are working diligently to navigate through industry-wide supply chain challenges, which limit our ability to fully satisfy strong customer demand in the near-term. That said, the pandemic has accelerated trends that have been driving growth in Zebra's vibrant markets, including e-commerce adoption, the need for real-time track and trace across the supply chain and the shift to a more digital healthcare experience. We continue to be very excited about our growth prospects. Now I'll hand the call back over to Mike.
Mike Steele: Thanks, Anders. We'll now open the call to Q&A. We ask that you limit yourself to one question and one follow-up so that we can get to as many of you as possible.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, with that, well begin todays question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And our first question this morning comes from Tommy Moll from Stephens. Please go ahead with your question.
Tommy Moll: Good morning and thanks for taking my questions.
Anders Gustafsson: Good morning.
Nathan Winters: Good morning.
Tommy Moll: I wanted to start with your revenue outlook. So looking at your first quarter guidance in the full year, it looks like you're expecting a step down sequentially in the first quarter and then revenue builds through the quarters for the rest of 2022. Can you walk us through the assumptions in that cadence across the quarters? And specifically, if you could provide detail on what assumptions you have for the deal business. That would be helpful. Thank you.
Nathan Winters: Thanks, Tommy. So if you look  we entered the quarter, as we said in our prepared remarks, with a very strong backlog, good bookings momentum here early in the quarter. The guide of 1% to 3% really reflects constrained supply, not demand, driven by very specific and certain component shortages within our Printing and DCS business. Without that, we would expect to be at least as high as our full year guide unconstrained. But with that said, we do see improved visibility into those components later in the quarter and into the early part of the second. So we'd expect a solid rebound in Q2 and then gives us line of sight to our full year guide. And on the full year guide of 3% to 7%, and as we said in the prepared remarks that confident as ever about our business. We do anticipate improved supply chain constraints throughout the year. It's obviously a dynamic environment, but we've secured commitment and we do see improved visibility here over the next few months. And that would also assume increased growth in the last nine months of the year, again, due to the strong backlog demand, along with the recent targeted price increases that go into effect here at the end of the month. Let's say all that while being somewhat cautious in our overall growth assumptions given the supply chain challenges.
Tommy Moll: And Nathan, would you be able to share any embedded assumptions on the deal business? I know sometimes you have more or less visibility there. So I'm just curious what you've embedded in the outlook today?
Nathan Winters: Overall, it does, particularly if you look from an EBITDA rate, we do assume a favorable deal mix. So a slightly higher percentage of run rate versus deal mix compared to 2021. But obviously, that becomes a little bit harder to predict as we get into the second half of the year.
Joe Heel: I could add some color as well. This is Joe Heel speaking. As you saw in Q4, we had strong large deal flow. And if we look at our backlogs and pipelines, we also have continued strong large deal flow. We have no shortage of demand.
Tommy Moll: Thank you, both. And if I could pivot to a higher level question here. Anders, I appreciate the update you provided on the long-term outlook around revenue. I'm curious for any additional context you could give us on the thought process there and what went into that revised outlook? And then specifically on the double-digit expansion opportunities that you provided, I noticed the ones on your slide are areas where you've already entered either organically or inorganically. Are there any other expansion opportunities that may not be on that slide where we could expect potential for continued M&A and/or organic investment? Thank you.
Anders Gustafsson: Yes. First, we've  so we raised our longer term growth outlook to 5% to 7% over cycle versus the historical number we had of 4% to 5% that we had in place since 2014 when we did the Enterprise acquisition. Over the last seven or eight years, we have overachieved that target and we've been more in line with 7%, and we see our overall markets being very strong. We served by some very strong secular trends that are helping to drive demand and as we help to digitize and automate our customers' operations and their workflows and our competitive position remains very, very strong. And we think we have great opportunities in our core. The core continues to perform very well, but also in our adjacencies and in our expansion markets. So you asked specifically about the expansion markets, we include in there only things that we have identified so far where we have plans  or more than plans where we have solutions that are in the markets. So could it expand? Sure, absolutely. It can expand. But we looked at sizing the market to the solutions we have today and the type of applications that they address. So we're not going after  we're not including, say, the entire markets for these funds, but only the markets that we can address today. So as we continue to add functionality that will possibly add to solutions, that total market, served market can expand. We certainly see those as very attractive markets. We have a strong right to play. And we have a differentiated value proposition like in fixed industrial scanning or in robotics. And those markets, we expect to have a materially higher strong double-digit growth rates versus our core, and they will then augment the overall growth rates we have for the company.
Operator: And our next question comes from Andrew Buscaglia from Berenberg. Please go ahead with your question.
Andrew Buscaglia: Good morning, guys. I wanted to ask a little bit more on the margin outlook near and long-term. So on the price side, you said you raised prices, do you have capacity to potentially raise again? And then on the cost side, are you  if need be, that is obviously. And then on the cost side, are you assuming everything is being shipped by freight again for the most part of the year  sorry, by air, excuse me. Are you assuming freight to ship by air, not land?
Nathan Winters: Yes. So a few  maybe I'll start with the last question there. If you look from our assumptions, particularly in Q1, we are still assuming that we're almost shipping, particularly in printing, exclusively via air versus ocean. Although, we do expect that to shift as we move throughout the year. So getting back to more normalized levels in the second half. So that's assumed in the full year guide from a margin rate perspective. Now when you look at the price increases, particularly the one we did here this month, that ranged from 0% to 8%. Again, it was not a general increase similar to what we did in September. It was very specific to the product family region based on a competitive position as well as the cost increases we're seeing in those respective product families. And that represents a little less than point of sales growth contribution for the year. And it is something we'll always continue to assess and look at. And if we need to increase prices again based on the competitive positioning and/or the inflationary environment, we'll do so.
Andrew Buscaglia: Yes. Okay. And on that long-term guidance slide, I was surprised to see that core market, first off, can you update us on what do you think your market share is in that? I believe it's close to 50% last time you gave us that update. And then I'm surprised to see that, that's still 4% to 5% CAGR, just given the world sort of changed in the last couple of years. Yes, just wondering how you're thinking about that.
Anders Gustafsson: So our market share is very strong. We peg overall market share at about mid-40% for our core, where mobile computer would be a little bit higher. Printing is thereabout so maybe a little higher and a little lower for scanning. But the overall market share, we peg around mid-40%. And the growth rate is based on independent market research for those markets as well as an expectation that with the focus in investments we're doing, we will be able to continue to gain some share, although not quite at the same pace as we have for the last several years.
Andrew Buscaglia: Okay, all right. Thank you, guys.
Operator: And our next question comes from Jim Ricchiuti from Needham & Company. Please go ahead with your question.
Jim Ricchiuti: Question about RFID. There's been quite a bit of activity in that market fairly high profile use cases that have been publicized recently. And I'm wondering, does this represent an incremental growth opportunity? Or does it perhaps shift some revenues from some of the conventional business, your core business. And I'm wondering if you could, number one, talk about the opportunity? And could you  and I'm not sure you've ever really sized that portion of the business. Can you elaborate on that perhaps? Thank you.
Anders Gustafsson: Yes. So we include RFID in the adjacent markets for us. It's  we've been in the RFID space for a long time. So it is very much a close adjacency to our core, where we have a strong right to play and our solutions are very much tied together. I would think of it as it's not either or type thing that customers either by RFID or the buyer regular solutions, our RFID solution go on top of our traditional products. So if you want to say, print and encode an RFID label, it is one of our traditional label printers with an RFID encoder attached to it. And similar, if you want to read the labels that is an attachment to sled or something like that on our mobile computers. So it is an incremental part of our core business, but it's not the supplement. Or it's a supplement, but not a substitute for our core. And the market continues to grow very nicely. We've seen apparel retail, probably the main driver so far. We're looking at in-store inventory accuracy as one of the big drivers. But it's been spreading across more different categories within retail but also we see now moving into other industries, so manufacturing being able to track components or subassemblies through a supply chain or in health care to be able to do a number of attractive use cases there also.
Joe Heel: Maybe Ill add something, Jim. I would say that theres definitely an incremental piece to it, but theres also some substitution. Ill give you two quick examples. In apparel retail, most of the supply chain has replaced barcoding with RFID now, at least in the more advanced retailers, and thats probably a substitution. Because theyre using that now throughout their operations as they would have before barcodes. On the other hand, we see a lot of applications, for example, pallets. Pallets have in the past, hardly ever been tracked. But with RFID, we can now track them. And so putting RFID labels on pallets is a great way to ensure much greater efficiency of pallet logistics, which is surprisingly a big problem. So thats an indication of the incremental nature that we do see.
Jim Ricchiuti: So if we take some comments recently from UPS, where they talk about working on some smart logistics centers where theyre replacing, I think they said something like 20 million potentially using RFID to replace 20 million manual scans simply with traditional barcode. It sounds like you still see a lot of opportunity even if theres some impact on the core business?
Anders Gustafsson: Yes. We see that as a nice addition to the business because, one, they would have to augment, say, either printing or mobile computers with RFID capabilities or they could also, of course, use overhead RFID readers, which will be a new business for us with UPS. So we see that as a very attractive adjacent growth opportunity for Zebra.
Jim Ricchiuti: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Meta Marshall from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead with your question.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, team. This is Eric on for Meta. Thanks for taking our questions and congrats on navigating through another tough quarter and outperforming our expectations. I guess, just maybe to start off on the high-level growth target you put out, do you think every vertical has the potential to be a 5% to 7% growth vertical across your end markets? Or is that more skewed to certain customer bases?
Anders Gustafsson: We expect the broad-based growth across based on the entire business of verticals, geographies and product lines. Specific to verticals, Id highlight health care and manufacturing as two high-growth opportunities for us. They have high need for  to digitize their operations and workflows, and say today, theres an underpenetration  relative underpenetration of our type of technologies within those verticals.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. Thats helpful. And then maybe if I could also ask on just some of the investments youre making and from kind of an operating leverage perspective. Youve been pretty consistent in delivering operating leverage. But if you were to more aggressively grow into some of your expansion areas that could there be a situation where your top line growth is higher, but earnings growth more mirrors top line growth? Or do you still think even through those investments, you would be able to kind of grow your profitability ahead of revenue?
Nathan Winters: Yes. So as you mentioned, weve had a long track record of driving profitable growth. And at a EBITDA level and EBITDA margin, we believe that can go higher, and we have many levers to do that. Maybe if you look at our full year guide here of 23% to 24% in the midpoint, thats 2 points higher than we were in 2019, while expanding into these new expansion markets. And those expansion markets come with higher gross margin and the team has continued to focus on operational efficiency, by the way, growing at 2 points despite the transitory cost increases. So yes, its definitely still an objective for the company and something we can continue to do over the long-term.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Keith Housum from Northcoast Research. Please go ahead with your question.
Keith Housum: Good morning, guys. Joe, Im just trying to unpack the information on the price increases between what you guys in September here and in January and compare that to your annual growth rates. I mean, as you think about that 3% to 7% annual growth, how much of that is coming from, I guess, new unit growth versus just the pricing increase that you guys have been able to roll forward?
Joe Heel: Yes, Nathan, I think you have a good summary of that. I can add some to it.
Nathan Winters: Yes. So Keith, so I said earlier, the price increases that went into effect here in the end of this quarter is a little less than 1 point of growth contribution for the year, and then the remainder of that would be driven by the strong backlog and the demand for the product. So its a relatively meaningful, but a relatively small part of the overall growth for the year. Joe, anything you want to add?
Joe Heel: Did that answer the question, Keith? Or did I miss something?
Keith Housum: Im trying to combine the February increase you guys come through at the end of the month with the one that you passed through in September. If you take both of those combined, what does it do to you with that?
Nathan Winters: Yes. Maybe Keith, it might be a little over a point. The 1 here in February is larger in size. And you just have  both of those slightly impacted by timing in terms of they went into effect in terms of our full year impact on 2022.
Keith Housum: Okay. And as a follow, a secondary question, in terms of like the supply chain, were hearing different comments in terms of the supply chain because you got the raw materials issue and then you have logistics. It sounds like from your guidance here, you expect both of those to improve quite a bit before the end of the year, if not totally abate. And I appreciate the efforts youre doing in terms of the design and I guess, getting secondary sources. But is there one or two things you can point to that gives you the confidence that things will be improved before the end of the year for both these items?
Anders Gustafsson: Yes. First, as context, Id say that we provided a record profitable results for the full year of 2021 and record Q4. And we were able to do that in a very challenging supply chain environment. The situation is clearly very volatile and Omicron as an example, has impacted the pace of recovery across all the verticals we serve and globally. But the demand environment is very strong and has ramped very fast over the past year or so. And we continue to put our customers first. So we prioritize making sure we can meet our customer delivery times and customer commitments to the extent we can. Now there are times when we have not been able to meet the traditional lead times the way we would like, but thats all been supply chain related. But were working very hard with our partners and our customers to minimize any impact on our customers business or our partners business in this area. And we do believe that the challenges are peaking, and we anticipate both freight and component availability to improve as we go through the year here. Specifically on the component side, Id say that the impacts on availability and pricing of components that we source there is. So its  some are much more impacted than others. So its certainly a very dynamic environment in that way. But we  as we said, weve been working very  all angles to make sure that we secure as much of supply as we can. We have worked on building more resiliency overall into our supply chain. We have been negotiating long-term supply agreements with both new and existing suppliers. We are working with our suppliers to ensure we get our fair share of allocations. And weve dedicated a substantial part of our engineering organization to product redesign to basically design out long lead time parts. As we look into kind of Q2 and the rest of the year though, we do have better visibility and better supply commitments to some of these critical components as we enter Q2. So thats part of what gives us the confidence for the full year. And so we do expect some gradual improvements as we go through the year.
Nathan Winters: Keith, I would say from a freight perspective, our air and ocean rates towards the end of the fourth quarter were 5x higher than what they were pre-pandemic. And as weve said, expediting both component parts, finished goods and shipping almost exclusively all of our printing air versus ocean. But rates are beginning to recover from the peak in December, still significantly higher than even the first half last year and definitely from the beginning of the pre-pandemic. And well need some time to get print back on the ocean. And I think we still believe that these are largely transitory, but the world has changed, and we need to wait and see how the landscape settles to the extent that will go all the way back down to zero, that well have to wait and see how that plays out.
Anders Gustafsson: And did you  Keith, did you ask about non-semiconductor shortages also?
Keith Housum: I didnt, but youre welcomed to answer that one as well.
Anders Gustafsson: Yes. So theres some inflationary environment across all the commodities, but we would not have been  not to the extent that we will make that a talking point in our earnings calls, if it werent for the semiconductor side.
Keith Housum: Great. Thanks. Good luck, guys.
Anders Gustafsson: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Damian Karas from UBS. Please go ahead with your question.
Damian Karas: Good morning, everyone.
Anders Gustafsson: Good morning.
Damian Karas: Good morning, Andres. I wanted to ask you guys, if you could maybe give us a sense on where you think you are for the core business in terms of the timing of the replacement cycle? I know that those devices are typically sort of recycled every five, six years or so. But just thinking about the really strong year you had last year, it looks like youre expecting another positive year of growth in 2022, how should we think about the 5% to 7% growth rate kind of when we get past this year, thinking about the demand youve seen and whether you need to see a step down first or whether that 5% to 7% is kind of sustainable from here?
Anders Gustafsson: Yes. So first, the 5% to 7% growth rate is meant to be through a cycle. So there will be some  some years will be stronger, some will be maybe a little weaker. We certainly have been in that case if you look at the past seven years since we had the 4% to 5% rate. But I dont see any reason why from a demand perspective, there will be any kind of step downs in the early part of the cycle here. We see a very strong demand environment and the refreshes of our product lines that we  that happens to mobile computing to scanning and printing all our products. We talked mostly about it from a mobile computing perspective, where Android has  first, I said, driven an acceleration of refresh rates because theres so much innovation going into the Android platform. So deployments or products that are deployed, say, five years back, have a hard time now to support the most recent Android versions or all the applications that our customers want to put on the devices. So weve seen a shorter refresh cycle for Android versus the traditional Microsoft devices that we had earlier. And thats all baked into our assumptions for this year. But its  we are certainly seeing many of our large deployments that happened in for 2015, 2016 or even 2017 that are now looking to refresh and/or have already refreshed in the process of refreshing. And I dont know, Joe, if you had any further color for this?
Joe Heel: Yes. I was going to give you one example, Damian. So in 2015, we closed the largest deal at that time in Zebras history in mobile computing, which was a postal service in Europe with the first purchase of TC70 at that time. And they have just refreshed their mobile computers last year. So it was about a six-year cycle for them. And you can see that others have followed suit. And as Andrew said, the replacement cycles have gotten shorter. So going from five to six years, closer to the three to four year period, in many cases.
Damian Karas: Okay. Great. Thats really helpful. And I appreciate all the detail around your addressable market and the long-term growth rates. Im just curious on the margin front, what that means for your profile? I think the software side, obviously, higher gross margin relative to your business today. But thinking about those expansion areas, what does it mean for your guys margin kind of near-term as those businesses grow and longer-term as well? Thanks.
Nathan Winters: Yes, Damian, and I mentioned this a little bit earlier on the comments  the question from Eric, but we didnt have an explicit target on EBITDA margin, although we do believe it can continue to scale and grow over the cycle. And as you pointed out, many levers to do that, including the  all these expansion markets typically come with higher gross margin and that will come through an EBITDA as we scale those respective businesses as well as churn through some of the transitory costs that are currently within the P&L. And I think ultimately, our goal is to continue to drive double-digit EPS growth through all the levers we have available to us.
Operator: And our next question comes from Brian Drab from William Blair. Please go ahead with your question.
Brian Drab: Hey, thanks for taking my questions. I'm bouncing between two calls at the moment, and I missed a little bit of the Q&A. So sorry if I repeat something, but the post office project, the larger post  I know there's a lot of post office projects, with the large one that was, I guess, completed here at the end of 2021. What sort of headwind is that to your overall sales growth rate in 2022? And I know you're replacing that with a lot of business, but I mean, it would be great if you could make any comment on the large project.
Nathan Winters: Yes. So the initial deployment for USPS, we did complete in the  late in the third quarter, early fourth quarter, but our teams have continued to remain highly engaged with the post office. We have a healthy pipeline of opportunities here for 2022. And our current assumption within our 2022 guide is that we will sell less to USPS. So we are cycling through that. But again, have many other opportunities, as Joe mentioned earlier around other large deals in the pipeline, just like we do any other year to offset that and continue to grow.
Brian Drab: Okay. So it's not material enough that you would tell me that like without this difficult comparison that you would have forecasted growth of a couple of points higher for 2022 barring this one big project?
Nathan Winters: That's right. Again, every year, we have a large deployments and rollouts. And again, we have new and other opportunities to offset that to reach the  our full year guide for 2022.
Brian Drab: Okay. Okay. And then I'm just curious in the core part of your business that you're forecasting long-term growth of 4% to 5% for, how does that break down these days between AIT and EVM?
Anders Gustafsson: The growth between AIT and EVM is actually quite similar. It's not materially different. EVM would likely have a slightly higher growth rate, but not materially so.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rob Mason from Baird. Please go ahead with your question.
Rob Mason: Yes, good morning. A lot of grounds have been covered already. But my question, Anders, just to go to some of these expanded areas in your introduction this year, the fixed industrial scanning and machine vision. I'm just curious if you could point to any kind of key progress points on those products? I know only in the marketplace maybe half the year. But key progress points around channel development, customer receptivity and what should be the expectations for that those areas and specifically fixed industrial scanning and also the Fetch business. How should we think about those in 2022?
Anders Gustafsson: Yes. No, happy to do that. And I'll ask Joe to also then provide some color after my comments here. But the expansion that we feel today that we can address about $6 billion of opportunity there. The fixed industrial scanning machine vision part is about $2 billion, warehouse autonomous mobile robots is approaching $1 billion and our software solutions are about $3 billion. So that gives you kind of the overall scope of that. We are very excited about all three of these. We have good traction, good customer receptivity on the fixed industrial scanning machine vision side, we have some very attractive wins already, and we continue to add functionality, so we can address more and more of the market. But one particularly attractive win, I think, for us last year or in  I think it was Q4 was in automotive, where we could read  there was a bake-off and we showed very well on our ability to read some DPM type of markings, was better than for the competition, and we were selected based on that. But I'd say here also the overall value proposition we have in fixed industrial scanning around the ease of use and the ease of upgrades using software to operate rather than having to change your cameras are very well received. And we are also working hard on  we have established a new fixed industrial scanning machine vision track in our PartnerConnect program. So we want to make sure we recruit partners to help us scale the business in a very cost-effective way and get better reach that we can do ourselves in that time frame. And we've always been very partner-centric. So we think this is a great way to both provide new opportunities for our existing partners as well as recruit new partners from that industry.
Joe Heel: I can add a little bit. Maybe just to underline that PartnerConnect. We've made excellent progress in recruiting partners. We set ourselves a goal, both in the U.S. and Europe to recruit the premier partners that deploy these solutions. And that's very important because these are complex solutions set up in these manufacturing and warehouse environments. We've made excellent progress in doing that. And the reason that we've been able to do that is that Andres called ease of use. And that's particularly important for partners because they want to set up new solutions quickly and with few resources. And that's where our solutions are different from the rest of the market is that you can do that much faster with our solutions and that's what's attracting many partners. So we're very pleased with that. On the Fetch business, I think we have the big milestone that I hope you've taken note of is that we've expanded from conveyance robots. So robots that move things from point A to point B in the warehouse to fulfillment robots, which are ones that are used to support pickers in e-commerce fulfillment activities. That's a large and very fast-growing part of the market, as you can easily imagine. And we've had an outstanding win here with one of the big e-commerce players here in the fourth quarter already, which, of course, is going to be a very important reference for us. So we're very pleased with the progress in both machine vision and the autonomous mobile robots.
Rob Mason: Excellent. Go ahead, Anders.
Anders Gustafsson: Joe, I just want to add on the AMR side. We have a very differentiated value proposition in the warehouse automation space, where our robot competitors, they work very hard on optimizing the movement and the use of the robot. And people who are more on the equipment side would try to optimize the movement of workers. Since we have both, we're trying to optimize the overall workflow and coordinate the movement of robots and frontline workers to drive the most productivity enhancements. And I think that value proposition resonates very well with customers.
Rob Mason: I see. I see. And just as a follow-up, Joe, to go back to the progress you've made recruiting partners, I'm just curious if you have a percentage that are existing Zebra partners that have added and expanded versus, I guess, entirely new partners?
Joe Heel: We do. So we have a good number of our existing partners have already been active in the machine vision space. I would tell you though that the majority of partners that we expect to have will be new partners that are specialized and highly proficient in this area as their exclusive or dominant focus. But we do have a good number that we're starting with already.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Chung from JPMorgan. Please go ahead with your question.
Paul Chung: Hi, thanks for taking my questions. So nice record free cash flow for the year. You have some nice flexibility to kind of continue M&A. You got some low net leverage levels. So should we expect kind of a similar pace of acquisitions, maybe more tilted towards on the software side? And then what kind of leverage levels are you comfortable with?
Anders Gustafsson: Yes. I'll start and then Nathan can talk about the leverage levels here. But first on M&A, we view M&A as a top priority for us, and we're very excited about the outlook for the business, and we see M&A as a vector for growth. We're not looking to do M&A for the sake of M&A, say, but this is to help accelerate our Enterprise Asset Intelligence vision. So think of Fetch was a great example of how we could accelerate our reach and expand our Enterprise Asset Intelligence vision here into the warehouse automation space. So you can expect that we can be looking at some targeted bolt-on acquisitions as well as high-growth acquisitions that truly advance our vision. And we do see opportunities in digitizing and automating workflows that is kind of the sweet sport for what we're looking for. And yes, as you noted, our balance sheet is strong, so we can support a certain number of acquisitions.
Nathan Winters: No, I think just add, we ended at 0.5x net debt-to-EBITDA ratio. And again, comfortable with the overall debt levels. And that gives a lot of opportunity and flexibility to address the M&A market, as Anders has mentioned.
Paul Chung: And then your views on share buybacks. Is this more kind of offset some comp levels or what's your view there?
Nathan Winters: That's right. Obviously, the first priority is investment in the business, both organically and inorganically. But we still believe share repurchase is a good way to return capital to shareholders. We were active in the fourth quarter, and we've been active to date here in the first quarter with share repurchases.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, our final question this morning comes from Brian Lau from Wolfe Research. Please go ahead with your question.
Brian Lau: Hey, good morning, everybody and thanks for squeezing in here. Anders, you gave a lot of good examples of some wins this quarter on both the hardware side and then the software offerings for Reflexis and Workforce Management. Just curious about the go-to-market strategy there, how you're bundling those when you're approaching customers? Are there two or three sets of kind of sales teams? Or is it a more kind of holistic sales approach? Thanks.
Anders Gustafsson: Yes. I'll start and here since Joe  this is Joe's organizational, let Joe provide some color here also. But yes, we have  we put a lot of thought into how we go to market and how we ramp these new solutions because we have two objectives here. One, we want to leverage the broader relationships that we have with our existing customers, but we also need to have a real focus on these newer solutions. They are smaller today than our more established core solutions. So we want the team that are very dedicated, very focused on them and understand those use cases and those technologies very well. So if you take our software solutions as an example, we have a dedicated software sales team that are kind of owning the software opportunities, but they work very much through our traditional account managers to get introduced to the accounts to get help in navigating those and understanding what the issues are and so forth. So it is a sales overlay strategy for most of these opportunities, but very much leveraging the  our traditional account managers. And Joe, do you want to add anything to that?
Joe Heel: Yes. I would add. I mean, if you  Anders described the objective well, right? We have a very strong presence, right? If you think about the fact that 94 of the Fortune 100 in the U.S. are now Zebra customers. We have account managers on those, and we want to leverage those. And then on the other hand, we have specialists that need to bring specialized expertise, but also a special understanding of the specific personas that are making the purchases, which would be, for example, human resources purchasers or store operations purchasers. These are  these overlay organizations Anders called them, we also refer to them as specialist sales organizations. These are meaningful organizations, which have both salespeople. They have application engineers or consultants. They have business development in them, and they have channel management in them. So these are becoming large organizations that are dedicated to driving that particular frame in concert with the account managers that are now maintaining the overall relationship for us across the multitude of offerings that we have.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, with that, we'll conclude today's question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the floor back over to Mr. Gustafsson for any closing remarks.
Anders Gustafsson: Thank you. So just to wrap up, our primary focus continues to be the health and safety of those on the front line, and I would like to thank our employees and partners for their extraordinary efforts to serve customers and deliver record 2021 results in a challenging supply chain environment. We are optimistic that we are now seeing the peak of these challenges, and we are working hard to minimize these impacts. So thank you, and have a great day, everyone.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, with that, we'll conclude today's conference call. We do thank you for attending. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-11-02 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Third Quarter 2021 Zebra Technologies Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. . After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. Please note, this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mike Steele, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Mike Steele: Good morning, and welcome to Zebra's Third Quarter conference call. This presentation is being simulcast on our website at investors. zebra.com and will be archived there for at least one year. Our forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and assumptions and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially due to factors discussed in our SEC filing. During this call, we will reference non-GAAP financial measures as we describe our business performance. You can find reconciliations at the end of the slide presentation in today's earnings press release. Throughout this presentation, unless otherwise indicated, our references to sales growth are year-over-year on a constant currency basis and exclude results from recently acquired businesses for the 12 months following each acquisition. This presentation will include prepared remarks from Anders Gustafsson, our Chief Executive Officer, and Nathan Winters, our Chief Financial Officer. Anders will begin with our third quarter results then Nathan will provide additional detail on the financials and discuss our fourth quarter outlook. Anders will conclude with progress made on advancing our Enterprise Asset Intelligence vision. Following the prepared remarks, Joe Heel, our Chief Revenue Officer, will join us as we take your questions. Now let's turn to Slide 4 as I hand it over to Anders.
Anders Gustafsson: Thank you, Mike. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Our team delivered exceptional third quarter results that exceeded our outlook, supported by robust, broad-based demand for our solutions. For the quarter we realized adjusted net sales growth of 27% or 23% on an organic basis. An adjusted EBITDA margin of 21.7%, a 140% basis point year-over-year improvement. Non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $4.55, a 39% increase from the prior year and strong free cash flow. Our customers are prioritizing investment in our solutions to digitize and automate their workflows in an increasingly on-demand global economy. We realized double-digit sales growth across all 4 regions with particularly strong growth in EMEA. Favorable business mix, and higher service and software margins enabled us to expand our gross profit margin despite escalating freight costs. Our teams have been diligently leveraging alternative modalities of transport and expediting shipments to mitigate the impact of continued industry-wide supply chain challenges. We also scaled operating expenses while continuing to invest in initiatives to drive sustainable, profitable growth. For that, I will now turn the call over to Nathan to review our Q3 financial results in more detail and discuss our Q4 outlook.
Nathan Winters: Thank you, Andres. Let's start with the P&L on slide 6. In Q3, adjusted net sales increased 26.6%, including the impact of currency and acquisitions and 23.2% on an organic basis, reflecting broad-based demand for our solutions from customers of all sizes. Our asset intelligence in tracking segment, including printing and supplies, grew 12.1%, while enterprise visibility and mobility segment sales increased 27.9% driven by exceptional growth in mobile computing. Note that we also realized double-digit growth across services and software. All four regions grew double digits. North America sales increased 14% with particular strength in mobile computing, supplies, and services. EMEA sales increased 39% with strong growth across all major solutions offerings, particularly mobile computing. APAC sales grew 17% with strength across most geographies, including China. And in Latin America, sales increased 41% continuing its strong recovery with double-digit growth in all major offerings. Adjusted gross margin expanded 130 basis points to 45.1%, primarily driven by favorable business mix, and higher service and software margins. These benefits were partially offset by significant premium freight charges, which we will discuss further in a moment. Adjusted operating expenses as a percentage of sales improved 30 basis points as we continue to prioritize high return investments in the business. Third quarter adjusted EBITDA margin was 21.7%, a 140% basis point increase from the prior year period reflecting higher gross margin and operating expense leverage. We drove non-GAAP earnings per diluted share of $4.55. $1.28 or 39% year-over-year increase was benefited from lower interest expense and a favorable tax rate. Turning now to the balance sheet and cash flow highlights on slide 7. We generated $798 million of free cash flow through the first 9 months of 2021. This was $316 million higher than the prior year, primarily due to increased profitable growth. Our balance sheet remains strong. From a debt leverage perspective, we ended Q3 at a modest 0.5 times net debt to adjusted EBITDA leverage ratio, which provides us ample flexibility. In the first 9 months of 2021, we invested more than $300 million to acquire Fetch Robotics and adaptive vision to advance our intelligent automation solutions in manufacturing and the warehouse. We made $24 million of venture investments in 4 portfolio companies. In addition, we made $38 million of capital expenditures and $25 million of share repurchases. On slide 8, we show the multiyear impact of transitory costs primarily related to expedited freight due to supply chain bottlenecks caused by the pandemic, as well as tariffs on China imports. Our supply chain team continues to take extraordinary measures to satisfy customer demand in an exceptionally challenging environment. Global freight costs are elevated for all modalities of delivery across our supply chain. This includes higher shipping cost per kilo, a significant shift from ocean to air freight, as well as increased costs to expedite component parts to our Tier 1 manufacturers to meet customer commitments. In Q3, compared to pre -pandemic rates, we incurred incremental premium freight costs of $44 million, which were $36 million higher than the prior year. For Q4, we now expect approximately $55 million of premium freight costs based on the higher spot rates we are seeing in the market, which translates to a 4% point negative gross margin impact. We expect premium freight costs to abate as component supply and freight capacity improves. Let's now turn to our outlook. Our robust sales pipeline and strong order backlog is supported by a broad-based demand for our solutions as enterprises look to automate their operations to satisfy increasing consumer expectations. Despite extended lead times and uneven inventory availability, we expect fourth quarter adjusted net sales to increase between 8% and 12% year-over-year. This outlook assumes a 2% point additive impact from acquisitions and foreign currency changes. We anticipate Q4 adjusted EBITDA margin to be slightly higher than 21%, which assumes gross margin contraction from the prior year due to significantly higher premium freight expense, which I discussed earlier. We're also experiencing product component inflation, which we expect to largely offset with price increases that became effective in September. Non-GAAP diluted EPS is expected to be in the range of $4.20 to $4.50. We have increased our free cash flow outlook to be at least $950 million for the year due to higher-than-expected profitability. Please reference additional modeling assumptions shown on slide 9. With that, I will turn the call back to Anders to discuss how we are advancing our Enterprise Asset Intelligence Vision in new and existing markets, with spotlights on our acquisition of Antuit and our healthcare vertical.
Anders Gustafsson: Thank you, Nathan. I am encouraged by the strengthening demand across our business and the bold actions our teams are taking to navigate supply chain challenges. Slide 11 illustrates how we digitize and automate the front line of business by leveraging our industry-leading portfolio of products, solutions, software, and services. By transforming workflows, Zebra's customers can address complex operational challenges to achieve higher levels of performance. By closely collaborating with our partners and customers, we help businesses across a variety of end-markets to implement solutions that maximize their return on investment. Human labor is a scarce resource. Our innovative solutions empower their workforce to do their jobs more effectively by navigating constant change in near real-time, utilizing insights driven by advanced software capabilities, such as machine vision, prescriptive analytics, and artificial intelligence. In October, we acquired Antuit for approximately $145 million to further advance our Enterprise Asset Intelligence Vision. This high-margin software-as-a-service business generated sales of approximately $27 million in 2020, nearly doubling over a 3 year period. Slide 12 illustrates how the AI powered demand forecasting solution ensures that its retail and consumer product customers have the right inventory, at the right time, at the optimal price, whether it's fulfilled through online ordering, or in-store shopping. Antuit's cutting-edge offering complements our suite, the workflow software solutions, including reflexes, Zebra prescriptive analytics, workforce connect, and smart count, which works together to increase the performance of labor and inventory across the integrated supply chain. Our growing software suite will help our customers break down silos between planning and execution, giving them a competitive advantage that can increase revenue and margins as they navigate the increased demands of omni-channel fulfillment. Now turning to slide 13. Businesses partner with Zebra to optimize their input and workflows. I would like to highlight a few recent key wins across our end markets that demonstrate how Zebra's solutions are improving productivity and service levels. In retail, Zebra is enabling improved execution of omni-channel fulfillment as more consumers shop online. We recently secured our largest win-to-date in India, providing TC21 mobile computers and printers to help a local retailer compete more effectively against its larger omni-channel and e-commerce global competitors. We're also enabling a Japanese supermarket chain to provide an improved customer experience with our EC55 personal shopping mobile computing solution. Over the next several quarters, a leading home improvement retailer will be deploying 90,000 TC52 mobile computers to a broader number of associates in their stores. Key use cases include item locationing, best-in-class long-range imaging, mobile point of sale, and ecommerce functionality. Competitive differentiators for this win included our seamless network connectivity, best-in-class noise cancellation, and enterprise leading durability. Our mobile computers will also have full desktop functionality when inserted into workstation cradles. This retailer is also deploying our Workforce Connect software as a service solution, which enables associate to associate instant collaboration as well as the associated to group and store to store communication. A leading North American transportation and logistics Company is deploying 9,000 TC-77 mobile computers to their truck drivers for loading and delivery used cases. This solution will increase productivity, improve inventory accuracy, log driving times, and track regulatory compliance. Turning to Slide 14, we highlight how healthcare providers are using as Zebra solutions to digitize and automate the patient journey and address labor challenges. Our recently published Vision Study highlights that 95% of decision-makers expects to increase spending in healthcare IT, and clinical mobility in the next year. We have some exciting recent strategic wins that demonstrate our value proposition. We recently secured a takeaway win of a leading U.S. healthcare provider with more than 150 hospitals and approximately 2,000 sites of care. This customer selected Zebra to provide a multi-year rollout of 85,000 scanners for a wide range of use cases, including bedside nursing, surgery, pharmacy, and inventory management. They also recognized our unique software tools that enable real-time event tracking to prioritize patient care. A large Eastern European public hospital system recently placed an order to provide 19,000 TC25 mobile computers to nurses across 100 hospitals. Hospitals are facing labor shortages made worse by the pandemic, which puts patient safety at risk. Zebra's solutions, including printers and wristbands, reduces the administrative burden on the nursing staff, and allows for more efficient patient care. Our value proposition to this customer also includes real-time tracking of costs of supplies, equipment, and medicine. Additionally, Zebra is growing our long-standing relationship with GE Healthcare who's solution encompass utilizes Zebra's Bluetooth beacon technology for medical equipment asset management. This solution improves asset utilization and prevents unnecessary equipment replacement purchases. Caregivers also benefit by reduced time searching for medical equipment, which can increase time dedicated to patient care. In closing, the pandemic has accelerated trends that have been driving Zebra's business, including omni-channel shopping adoption, the desire for track and trace across the supply chain, and the need for a more digital healthcare experience. Our core markets are vibrant and our prospects to scale new expansion markets are bright. We are steadily navigating through significant transitory, industry-wide supply chain challenges. That said, we continue to be as excited as ever about our long-term profitable growth prospects. Now I'll hand the call back over to Mike.
Mike Steele: Thanks, Anders. We'll now open the call to Q&A. We ask that you limit yourself to one question and one follow-up so that we can get to as many of you as possible.
Operator: We will now begin the question and answer.  At this time, we will pause momentarily to sample our roster. The first question today comes from Tommy Moll with Stephens, please go ahead.
Tommy Moll: Morning, and thanks for taking my questions.
Anders Gustafsson: Good morning.
Tommy Moll: Anders, I wanted to start on your Antuit acquisition, wondered if you could highlight a couple of ways in which it might be synergistic with your portfolio and I really -- I had two buckets in mind. First, just in terms of scale, you've got more robust go-to-market capabilities, more robust R&D dollars you can put against it. So what would you highlight for us there? But also just in terms of the portfolio and fit, so if I'm a customer what augmented capabilities will you be able to deliver with the software platform given you've got other software adjacencies and hardware opportunities to deliver a solution versus what the portfolio or rather what Antuit would have done as a stand -- pure standalone business?
Anders Gustafsson: Yeah. I'll try to go through and give you some insights to each of those points. But the first, this helps us in our -- to augment our solutions around improving retail store execution for our customers, as well as for consumer products companies. It is very synergistic with our Enterprise Asset Intelligence Vision. And we talked about our Sense-Analyze-Act framework here. And this is very much around the Analyze and Act part of this, enabling our customers to sense what's happening in the real-world, analyze this information, and act on it in their real-time. The solution that Antuit offers is a demand sensing solution this call. But they take in lots of different data feeds. anything from in-store sales to weather, social media. And you use that to determine basically what demand trends will be. And they can be very quick and do this much better than say traditional models. If you take an example like when COVID happened, Antuit's algorithms we're able to better and quicker adjust to this new environment. And it's very synergistic with our other offerings, particularly on the software side where --take Reflexis where Antuit's insights will generate actions for our Reflexis ' task management solution. So they can be to go and replenish something -- move inventory from the back of store to the front of store or other parts of the supply chain. So it is very much works synergistically with our broader software solution, as well as with our devices. So our mobile computers will generate insights that Antuit can analyze and put into its AI algorithms to derive better insights from. And with this broader set of solutions we position Zebra to be more of a strategic solutions partner to our customers, and we have access to more customers and more executive level people as our customers than Antuit will have individually. So therefore, we think that this fits very well with our broader strategy.
Tommy Moll: Thank you.
Joachim Heel : One other addition, this is Joe Heel. If you think about the customer set, you mentioned go-to-market that Antuit targets. It is primarily merchandising executives in retail and in packaged goods. Of course, that retail is a very strong segment for us so that should give us the ability to leverage our scale to the benefit of Antuit's offering. And conversely, we have a position in packaged goods, but the Antuit will give us a stronger offering to further expand our offerings in general, not just Antuit but in the way Anders described into packaged goods.
Tommy Moll: Thank you both. That's very helpful. I wanted to pivot for my follow-up to the margin. And again, we appreciate the transparency you've offered around the premium freight headwinds and the trajectory there. So we're looking at $55 million for Q4. And My question really is the following. If you think about how the fourth quarter is progressing both in terms of the realization of some of the pricing actions you've taken, then also you've got on the cost side, it's dynamic and presumably changing on a day-to-day or week-to-week basis. If you think about where you'll likely end the quarter once all that rolls through versus the full quarter outlook you gave, I think it was above 21% for the quarter, does it feel like the exit rate is probably a little better than that average or how do you see things shaping up here in real-time?
Nathan Winters: Hi, Tommy. Maybe just to start with the fourth quarter. As you mentioned here, we'll be slightly above 21%. That is down from prior year, a little over 2 points so 4 points that's the premium freight but offset by favorable business mix as well as improved service margin as well as improvement just in the underlying product margin. And as you mentioned, we have raised prices to offset the component pricing -- so the unit price. I think -- So that's something we're continuing to monitor and assess as how the transitory impacts play out. I would say from a logistics and freight perspective, we do expect that to moderate through the first half of 2022. But I'd say it's something we're managing day-to-day, week-to-week. And we'll see how the quarters play out in terms of when we start to see a meaningful benefit from where we are at today.
Tommy Moll: And Nathan, just to make sure I'm tracking you here. It sounds like the pricing actions are really more targeting the product aspect of input inflation rather than the freight. Am I hearing you correct?
Nathan Winters: That's correct. We have not raise prices to offset the transitory premium freight expenses, but that's something we'll continue to assess as this plays out.
Tommy Moll: Great. Appreciate the insight and I'll turn it back.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Buscaglia with Berenberg, please go ahead.
Andrew Buscaglia: Guys, just on that question around margins. How were you able to manage supply constraint issue in securing parts for your products. And it seems broadly across most of industrial customers and then companies in general, that is the constraints will continue into next year. So I guess what are you doing on that side of things is to manage -- you talked about the freight cost, but just wondering in terms of securitization of parts.
Anders Gustafsson: Yeah. I'll start the higher level here. And so if you look at the broader backdrop, demand has wrapped -- rammed very fast over the past year. And we have now prioritized meeting our customer needs and commitments. And while we are not always able to meet our traditional lead times due to these industry-wide supply chain challenges, we have been working with our partners and customers to make sure that we can deliver very strong double-digits year-over-year growth. And I'd say based on feedback from our customers and partners, we've been managing this better than our competition. Specifically to -- for how to secure parts, we're looking at the semiconductor industry shortages that has impacted the availability and pricing of some parts more than others, or some of our devices more than others. This is a highly dynamic environment than if we get, say, we sort out and get good news on some parts while the next day we get some more challenging news on other parts. So it is very much of a dynamic environment for us. But I'd say our teams have been working very well -- done exceptional job of working all angles to figure out how to mitigate these issues. Starting with -- we've been built more resiliency in our supply chain by putting a new assembly plants across Southeast Asia so we're less dependent on any particular plant. And in Q3 for instance, we had to move volume between plans based on COVID outbreaks. So that was a great way we trust to leverage us. We also worked really hard to engage with our semiconductor suppliers to make sure that we get our fair share, so we get appropriate allocations of parts and we 're having a large part of our engineering team working on redesigning our devices to qualify new alternative components that are not as exposed to or limited with supply. So we're doing all of these things to ensure that we can meet our customer needs as well as possible here. But as I said, it's a dynamic environment. It's difficult to predict how exactly it's going to play out. But based on our conversations with our suppliers, I'd say we expect the gradual improvement by mid-2022 on the component side.
Andrew Buscaglia: Okay. Yeah, that's helpful. You do stand out as someone who has managed these constraints very well and you're right in the line of fire of that issue. So I thought it does sound like you have the capabilities in place to keep that going. And I think -- On the demand side, I thought that your AIT sales would be a little bit higher. How much of that is related to the -- that supply constraint issue, or are you seeing any sort of moderating in demand?
Anders Gustafsson: First, I'll say we continue to drive innovation across the entire portfolio of products and solutions, and we're helping our customers digitize and automate their operations. And the core business is very vibrant, and we're very excited about the adjacent expansion opportunities that we have. Now specifically for printing, we had a very solid -- we delivered very solid growth across the regions in printing. Printing was up across most of its portfolio. We had particular strength in manufacturing, which tends to deploy mostly tabletop printers. We also saw strong run rate of smaller business through our channel. But it's fair to say the printing was disproportionately impacted by supply chain challenges and that was -- that includes both component issues, but also that our main assembly plant in Southeast Asia had to almost shutdown based on COVID and we had to shift a lot of the volume from Vietnam to China. So that took some capacity out of the quarter. But it was -- still it was very good quarter for printing. We could've done probably a little bit better, but we still believe that we continue to gain share. Certainly year-to-date we gained a lot of share in printing. And also in the AIT segments here we had very strong growth in supplies across all regions and that includes our Temptime portfolio and in Q2, we launched our new Soho printer, very excited about that. That's off to a good start.
Andrew Buscaglia: Thanks, Anders.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jim Ricchiuti with Needham and Co, please go ahead.
Jim Ricchiuti: Good morning. I'm wondering if you could -- how you would characterize your large projects business. Anders, you highlighted a few nice wins and I'm also wondering to what extent that business is being impacted by the component constraints, the logistics challenges, whether customers are themselves being impacted by bottlenecks elsewhere and their supply chain that's affecting the timelines for when these projects are going to go forward.
Anders Gustafsson: To start with, our large customers, our larger projects are -- continue to do well. We saw growth in that year-over-year. But the mix between our run-rate business and large customers has moderated, gone back to a bit more what we would see us historically normal rates versus what we saw a year ago. I don't think we can say we've seen any impact on our customers roll-out schedules based on supply chain issues. And we clearly worked really hard with our large customers as well as our channel partners to make sure that we understand what is true demand, what our customers truly need to have in order to run the business versus what they might want to have or think of as more risk buys so we can satisfy all our customers, but particularly our larger customers here. But the demand from them continues to be strong and as -- in line with what we've seen previously. And maybe Joe Heel, do you have any additional color here?
Joachim Heel : Yeah, I would echo what you said. We have not seen any delay in large businesses due to bottlenecks on our customers parts elsewhere. And we have had some extraordinary wins even in this past quarter. As you know, the large projects are somewhat lumpy here and there, but we had double-digit growth nearly in the large projects business as well, including some extremely nice wins in multiple geographies. So we're very pleased with it.
Jim Ricchiuti: Got it. And a follow-up just I appreciate the colour on your expectations, looking out to the first half of next year as it relates to components and some of the unusual freight costs you're incurring. I'm wondering how we should be thinking about your operating expense levels over the next several quarters. Only because things are beginning to normalize. We have presumably trade shows starting to occur again, and I'm just wondering if we need to be mindful of some temporary cost savings you might have benefited from this year being layered back in over the next several quarters.
Anders Gustafsson: Hi, Jim. I think it's fair to say that as we go into next year, we do expect some of the discretionary spend, particularly on travel and trade shows to peak up. But I'd say it's no different than any other variable we managed within the year in the pluses and minuses, and still expect to grow despite some of those incremental costs that we'll incur. And as usual, we'll find offsets in efficiencies to mitigate that impact as we go into next year.
Jim Ricchiuti: Got it. Thank you. I will jump back in the queue.
Operator: Our next question comes from Meta Marshall with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Meta Marshall: Great. Thanks. I wanted to maybe first ask a question just on seasonality. I know a lot of your retail customers still tend to be as active in Q4, but we're also dealing with a labor shortage. So just any kind of perceptions of what you're seeing as far as seasonality in the Q4. And then maybe a second question. Clearly, your highlighting success within healthcare. And this has been a continued area of success for you guys. Are you able to use your traditional go-to-market or the partnerships that you think you could explore that would further accelerate that opportunity? Thanks.
Anders Gustafsson: Thank you. Meta, I'll start and then I'll ask Joe Heel to provide some extra color here also. But first on seasonality, I think seasonality this year has been similar to what we would normally have seen, but a slight increase this quarter-over-quarter in Q3 and into Q4. So not a huge difference from that perspective. Obviously, demand has been strong and very broad-based. That certainly helps on the overall demand profile. But I don't think that the seasonality has meaningfully changed and Joachim comment on that in a second. On the part on healthcare, yeah, healthcare has been our fastest-growing vertical if you look over the last several years and I would expect it to continue to be our fastest-growing vertical not necessary every quarter but over a longer period of time. And we have built up a -- we said first week, we're leveraging our traditional sales team but we have a dedicated healthcare sales team within our sales organization, and we have largely dedicated health care partners. If you take somebody who's expert in manufacturing and send them to hospital, that's -- the language is different, the solutions are different. So it really warrants to have more specialized partners, and we have a large number of specialized, both regular resellers, but also ISVs and other partners to help us make sure that we have as robust go-to-market organization and capability as we can. Joe? We lose Joe?
Joachim Heel : I'm sorry, you're lucky that this is Joe Heel. I would add to each of those points respectively the following. On the seasonality, the one additional thing we have seen is that retailers have been ordering further in advance, right? They're seeing, of course, the shortages that exist in the supply chain and are working with us to anticipate those. So that means that we can plan how to comply to them further in advance and so on. Our reflection of their seasonality is pulled forward in that regard. In terms of healthcare and the go-to-market that we use there, as Andrew said, yes we have specialized partners in those areas that we have been building out over the last few years. Two other things that I think characterize our go-to-market and routes to market in particular, one is we have a higher than average investment of our own resources. We have learned and determine that being present in those hospitals, which is of course a more fragmented customer seat -- customers set is important. And therefore we have made more investments in our own resources in one those areas. And we are more present together with our partners, of course. And then the second is that we've also learned that we need to expand our partner set to more, let's say, non-traditional partners, which would include in particular ISVs. They're very important ISVs for electronic health records that we need to form partnerships with, and OEMs. There are important OEMs that participate in this -- in the healthcare segment, and we have formed some very strong alliances with those as well. And that's helped us with our growth in healthcare.
Anders Gustafsson: There's 1 more point in this. We have -- as we've worked with our customers now, particularly Joe mentioned retailers, we have greater visibility. The supply chain constraints have enabled us to get greater visibility into their requirements. And our pipeline is more robust, and we enter the quarters with greater backlog than we normally would, but it's not like we are -- they've been pulling forward demand. But if I look at -- look into the future, the more robust pipeline and backlog gives us better visibility as we look into next year.
Meta Marshall: Great, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Chung with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Paul Chung : Hi, thanks for taking my question. So just a follow-up on margins. f we think about EBITDA margins, X freight costs, maybe you are in that mid 20s percent range, you mentioned maybe some temporary costs come back, but is this the more normalized margin profile we should expect maybe in second half of '22 when some of these costs fade a bit? And as your software product mix continues to accelerate can we see further expansion there, that have a follow-up?
Anders Gustafsson: Yeah, Paul. I think if you look back at our track record of driving, we have a track record of driving profitable growth. We will exit the year around 23% and that's a 150 basis points improvement from where we exited 2019, despite the transitory cost increase. We do believe EBITDA margin can go higher. We have many levers to achieve that. We mentioned one, we're scaling new markets that have traditionally richer gross margin, whether that be software or the fixed industrial machine vision markets. We're entering along with the team continuing to driving higher margin and productivity through the operational efficiencies across the business, which we've always done. Again, we do expect margins -- EBITDA margins to improve beyond this year, particularly as the transitory freight abates.
Paul Chung : Thanks. And then your free cash flow in the quarter pretty much paid for Fetch, so your flexibility continue. Inorganic expansion is really quite good. Debt level is in a good place. Where are you looking to expand the portfolio and what leverage levels are you comfortable with? Reflexis, Antuit, those driving higher-margin software mix, we continue to expect priority on software moving forward as well. And then you mentioned adaptive vision as well. If you could provide an update on how that business is going.
Anders Gustafsson: I'll start on the M&A side of this. M&A continues to be a priority for us. We are certainly very excited about the outlook for the business and we do see M&A as vector for growth. We're quite pleased with the recent acquisitions of Fetch, Antuit, and Adaptive Vision as well. We look at M&A as a way for us to accelerate our strategy to advance our Enterprise Asset Intelligence Vision and we're targeting select bolt-on acquisitions as well as some high-growth acquisitions that would truly advance our EEI Vision. We see opportunities in digitizing and automating supply change and workflows more broadly. And as you said, we have a strong balance sheet that can support our M&A opportunities. Then on Adap-division, that's part of our machine vision fixed industrial scanning solution set. We acquired them it back in Q2 and they provide software solutions that help our customers to design in machine vision or fixed industrial scanning solutions in their workflows. And to be able to do -- more easily extract useful information from their digital images that they take. And so it's an integral part of our machine vision solution and helps to make sure that it is an ease -- our solutions are easier to implement than our competitors. So it's one of our value propositions. And so far we're very excited about the overall entry into that market.
Paul Chung : Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Drab with William Blair. Please go ahead.
Brian Drab: Hey, good morning. With such great momentum in a number of end markets, I'm wondering, Anders, are there any end markets where the impact of COVID related sales, and sales stimulated by the pandemic has been delayed and end markets where it's not going to be really a headwind for like a tough comp in 2022 where maybe it's the rental car market or healthcare market that took a while to get going, do you see any end markets that just have yet to really drive growth as it relates to the pandemic, where we'll see incremental growth in '22?
Anders Gustafsson: The pandemic has really accelerated a number of secular trends that's supporting our business and helping to drive enterprises to implement our type of solutions. The themes around how to digitize and automate our customers' businesses is I'd say high priority cross all over to the markets, across all end markets and geographies. How to improve front line worker efficiency and reduced friction from those workflows. So I don't think there's any -- I can't think of any meaningful market that would be hampered by this environment or really lagging from this. This is a pretty broad-based picture. We did see early on during COVID say that healthcare was hit hard. Was it the -- they -- their traditional acute care business was, for healthcare provider, largely shutdown. And if it wasn't truly acute, they wouldn't admit patients and became only taking care of COVID, but that has rebounded and we're now surpassing 2019 levels.
Brian Drab: I guess, Anders, can I interject and just say I don't think I asked the question as clearly as I wanted to. But do you see any end markets where you look at the end market right now and say, okay, that's starting to kick in, whereas it hasn't to-date where you're excited about incremental growth going forward.
Joachim Heel : Anders, would you like me to say something?
Anders Gustafsson: Yeah, I will take just a couple of comments on this and see -- there are certainly areas that -- and then Joe Heel, you can provide some extra color. I'll just highlight one market I think that we can see that is starting to kick in and that will be hospitality. Hospitality was largely shutdown for most part of COVID and that's coming back and we do see a number of our pipeline for opportunities within the hospitality segment is recovering nicely. And Joe, maybe you have some other other ideas.
Joachim Heel : Yes. I was going to mention 3 of 1 perhaps that you might not expect. Hospitality is one. Another one that has a longer curve where we expect benefits to continue is manufacturing, which has been recovering really nicely. You saw that already this quarter, but we expect that to continue, there's much to be recovered there. And a third one that you might not think of would be Japan. Japan has been a market that has been on the sidelines for a bit, in particular, during the pandemic. But many of the Japanese customers have not yet migrated to Android. And now that they are seeing the recovery from the pandemic, they're doing that. So there is a market opportunity there that is extending strongly we believe into the next year.
Brian Drab: And what percentage of revenue is in Japan roughly today?
Anders Gustafsson: It's a small part of our revenue stream today, but it's a nice upside opportunity for us.
Joachim Heel : Right.
Brian Drab: Okay. And then just the last question on software. Are you able to give us an update since there's been so many acquisitions and growth in software and you're making the comments that the margins are being aided by higher -- the overall margin being aided by higher margin in software. Where are you in terms of the size of that software business? I know you don't shy away from saying percentage of total revenue historically from software, but just curious if you could give any comment on that or when do you envision software being 5% or 10% of sales down the road. Any quantification or clarity on that 'd be helpful.
Anders Gustafsson: If you look at our software, the SaaS portfolio of the business, it's still small, mid single-digit as a percent of the Company and we haven't stated a target or an aspiration in terms of what's the right mix. Obviously it's area of the business we expect to grow organically faster than the core business over time, and it's a priority from an M&A perspective. But in terms of -- we haven't -- we don't have a set date in terms of what percentage of sales we want to get to by a particularly year except for again to continue to build out the suite of offerings we have and it turned into a driver of organic growth.
Brian Drab: Thanks for taking my question.
Operator: Our next question comes from Keith Housum with Northcoast Research. Please go ahead.
Keith Housum: Good morning, guys, and congratulations on a good quarter. Just want to revisit the supply chain challenges once again. Is there a feeling that the supply chain challenges are peaking now and perhaps you're on a slow way to recovery or we're not quite sure if it peaked quite yet and you still have to work through it?
Anders Gustafsson: There are different parts of supply chain challenges here. Now, we've talked a little bit about the semiconductor issues. We also have more logistics issues around ocean freight and airfreight. I would think that on the freight side, I would expect quicker recovery and that we -- I would expect that to moderate as we get into the first half of 2022. So I think we're probably at peak rates and capacity constraints, but not that there will be a binary improvement in this area that it goes from whatever it is today to what it was prior to COVID. It will be a gradual improvement, I think. On the component side, I think we wouldn't expect it to get any worse, but I think again, we -- as I mentioned earlier, we would expect a gradual improvements by mid-2022. Does that help?
Keith Housum: Great. It does. And then the component side, is it primarily with chips or does it seem like the issues are popping up and is playing like whack-a-mole, and you got 1 issue here that you've maybe resolved, but you go to a different issue.
Anders Gustafsson: I think it's largely on the semiconductor side, but it does move around. So we secure -- was a bit backing up on steps. So even before COVID, even before this, every quarter when we started, we would have certain parts that were on allocation or that we need to define more. But so that's a normal part. But the number of parts today is much higher. And one -- we work on in solving for one part, then next week some other part pops up. So the frequency and the number of parts so much that are on allocation or longer lead times is greater. But we try to make sure that we work very closely with our semiconductor suppliers to let them know what our true requirements are and we've signed a long-term supply agreements, price agreements, and so forth to make sure that we get proper consideration when they do allocate the parts and -- but it's a complex process but I think we've been managing it very well so far.
Keith Housum: Great. I appreciate it. And then moving over to the software, you've got to flex now for at least a part for over a year. In terms of the approach to the sales, is it still a direct -- primarily as a direct deal and is it the same as your regular sales force or you have a different software sales force? And then how does Antuit go-to-market and how do you envision some of these things together going forward?
Anders Gustafsson: I'll start and then Joe Heel can provide some -- exchange sides here also. But -- For Reflexis or our broader software portfolio, we have set up dedicated software sales teams within our broader set -- a go-to-market organization. So you can think of our traditional account management teams would be able to start the conversation, qualify and account to some degree, and then bring in our software experts to do a lot of the more technical part of the selling activities. So we -- but with that is -- and into a more dedicated part of the organization make sure we have the right level or depth of knowledge and insights. We are doing this largely direct today, but we are also working with expanding our portfolio of partner portfolio here. And there's a number of other type of resellers and system integrators who are interested in working with us to be able to represent us and participate in predict size, doing implementation services. And Antuit, we specifically, with Antuit here now, we are initially keeping the Antuit sales team somewhat separate because we want to make sure we keep the focus and dedication to that. But leveraging again, the account teams access to accounts as well as the broader expertise we have in our software go-to-market side. Joe.
Joachim Heel : I think you said it well. I have nothing to add.
Anders Gustafsson: Okay.
Keith Housum: Great.
Anders Gustafsson: It's good.
Keith Housum: Great. Thanks, guys. Appreciate it.
Operator: Our next question comes from Damian Karas with UBS. Please go ahead.
Damian Karas: Hey. Good morning, guys.
Anders Gustafsson: Morning.
Nathan Winters: Morning.
Damian Karas: I think you've covered a lot of ground. You did highlight particular strength in mobile computing, I think most notably in Europe. Maybe you could just elaborate on what you're seeing that's driving that. To some extent, is this a matter of Europe just catching up or are there any particular end markets, customers, or outside projects that are driving that mobile computing strength in Europe?
Anders Gustafsson: I'll start again and then Joe can also add some extra colors on Europe. But first I'd say we're very pleased with Q3 as overall, we've seen great demand and we've just been able to drive our revenues to exceed the high end of our guidance range. And our customers are aggressively pursuing a digital enterprise transformation strategies, which is causing us to basically exceed our expectations as far as revenue growth this year. We talked about the supply chain issues as being a moderator on this, but we've still been able to deliver double-digit growth across all the regions in each of our product segments. And we continue to see strong growth from both our smaller customers as well as our large strategic accounts. And based on our performance, I clearly expect that we are continued to take share in the industry. And we entered Q4 with a strong backlog and we have a healthy pipeline which I think provides good visibility into 2022. Specifically for Europe, I think we say -- I think we saw -- Europe obviously add a fantastic quarter and saw strength in nearly all the sub regions of EMEA and growth was across all our verticals with particular strength in transportation logistics. And that was driven by some very attractive large postal services wins and retail was also very strong vertical for us. From a product perspective, mobile computing and services were particularly strong while the printing business was more impacted by supply chains. Joe, any further comments?
Joachim Heel : Yes. I would say that the strength in Europe was perhaps a little bit of an artifact of us trying to get the optimal mix of supply that's available to the customers that we have. If you look over more than one quarter, you will see that the strength North America and Europe is pretty much exactly on par. So we're seeing equal strength in both over 2 or 3 quarters here. This was more of a one-quarter artifact I'd say.
Damian Karas: Understood, that's really helpful. And I guess we've all seen the headlines since last quarter on Honeywell's actions taken against the IBRA (ph) -- investors. I do have some questions on this. And maybe you could just give us an update on the ITC case and that pending litigation. How would you expect these matters to play out?
Anders Gustafsson: First, we have a policy of not commenting on ongoing litigation, so it's hard for me to provide a lot of color, as much color as I'd like here. But clearly we have a -- we plan to vigorously defend our positions here. And I'd like to also remind everybody that we have the broadest and deepest intellectual property portfolio of the industry. And we will remain laser-focused on extending our lead and taking share of the market and to beat our competitions in the marketplace.
Damian Karas: Okay, great. Appreciate it. Thanks a lot guys.
Anders Gustafsson: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from -- well, our last question comes from Rob Mason with Baird. Please go ahead.
Rob Mason: Good morning, and nice job on the quarter as well. A lot of ground has been covered. I was just -- I was curious though if you could delineate your growth by channel during the quarter. It sounds like both sides, both run rate business and large deal business, were both strong, but I was curious how each one might have waited out. And then maybe you -- if you could comment as well just on how the backlog -- strong backlog that you mentioned as well, how that might be weighted between those channels.
Anders Gustafsson: Yeah, I'll have -- Joe, do you want to take the lead on this? Joe?
Joachim Heel : Yeah, sure. I can take the lead if you like. So in the past quarter, our direct channel mix was slightly higher than in the past. So we had a little bit more in our direct business than -- rather than our channel business. But our channel centricity, so the percentage of our business that goes to channel remains extremely high as is our strategy in the over 80% range. And our backlog continues to be very strong. As we entered into the current quarter, we've had a very strong backlog again and we're already building backlog for future quarters, as you might not be surprised to hear.
Rob Mason: Does the backlog favor large deal versus the channel? Can you distinguish that or draw a distinction?
Joachim Heel : Generally, yes.
Rob Mason: Same as last year.
Joachim Heel : Generally, this backlog was more productive. Yes.
Rob Mason: Okay. And then a number of nice wins that you commented on during the quarter. One in particular, the U.S. home improvement win. I'm just curious, was that a -- were you the incumbent in that account or was that a competitive takeaway?
Joachim Heel : In this case, we were the incumbent.
Anders Gustafsson: We were the incumbent and there was a refresh of an earlier Android implementation.
Rob Mason: Yeah. That's -- maybe it's where I headed -- was headed with the question because I recall that was one of your maybe larger or I think you had a large early win in Android with home improvement retailer in the U.S. And I'm just curious, are you starting then now to see refreshes more broadly on your Android installs? And if so, I'm just curious if you can make a stronger determination around how the life -- I guess the lifespan of those devices is fairing versus legacy devices.
Anders Gustafsson: Yeah. So we are definitely seeing a number of our customers that were early adopters of Android now upgrading or refreshing to second-generation Android. And the refresh cycle for Android devices is a bit little faster than it was with Microsoft. The level of innovation on the platform is higher. So you can think of the number of new Android versions coming out is quite frequent and they tend to require more memory, faster processor speed to run properly. And that combined with our customers putting more and more applications on the devices, so that also drives more memory as an example. So there's a number of things that are causing our customers to want to upgrade and refresh the portfolio at a faster pace than what they -- what we saw with older Microsoft platforms.
Rob Mason: And you mentioned as well, that's going to a broader set of user and their customer. I'm just curious if you could -- is there an order of magnitude that you could speak to?
Anders Gustafsson: Yes, definitely much deeper penetration of devices into our customers' operations. The value of having every worker be digitally connected and aware is a priority, I would say, for virtually all our vertical end markets, but particularly in retail and healthcare. And we talked about how today roughly our estimate is that 1/3 of retail store associates have access to a mobile device. And when we talk to our retail customers, they certainly have an aspiration to get that to be much, much higher. And similarly, in healthcare, we did a Vision Study, I think it's a couple of years back now where the expectation there was to bring it from about 60% up to 95% over next few years.
Rob Mason: Great. Thanks for taking the questions.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Gustafsson for any closing remarks.
Anders Gustafsson: And to wrap up, I would just like to thank our employees and partners for their extraordinary efforts to drive or to serve unprecedented customer demand in a supply constrained environment. And while we are focused on maximizing profit growth in the business, our top priority continues to be the health and safety of our employees, partners, and customers as they recover from the pandemic. We would also like to wish a warm welcome to the Antuit team. Thank you and have a great day, everyone.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect. Goodbye.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-08-03 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Zebra's Second Quarter 2021 Earnings Results Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode.  After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. . Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mike Steele, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Michael Steele: Good morning, and welcome to Zebra's second quarter conference call. This presentation is being simulcast on our website at investors.zebra.com and will be archived there for at least one year.
Anders Gustafsson: Thank you, Mike. Good morning, everyone. And thank you for joining us. Our team delivered exceptional second quarter results with strong performance across the business resulting in record sales and profits. For the quarter we realized adjusted net sales growth of 44% or 40% on an organic basis; an adjusted EBITDA margin of 23.6%, a 530 basis points year-over-year improvement. Non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $4.57, a nearly 90% increase from the prior year and strong free cash flow. Despite ongoing industry wide supply chain challenges. Our teams successfully satisfied stronger-than-expected demand from customers both direct and through our distribution channel. Similar to Q1 we realized robust broad-based demand with double-digit sales growth across all four regions, each major product and solutions category, as well as in all of our vertical end markets. Our customers continue to digitize and automate their workflows with a sense of urgency in the increasingly on-demand global economy. We also significantly expanded profit margin across our business more than offsetting escalating global supply chain costs. We also continued our balanced approach to scaling operating expenses, while investing in initiatives to drive sustainable profitable growth.
Nathan Winters: Thank you, Anders. Let's start with the P&L on Slide 6. In Q2, adjusted net sales increased 44.4%, including the impact of currency and acquisition, and 39.8% on an organic basis, reflecting broad-based demand for our solutions from customers of all sizes. We realized particularly high growth from our run rate business through the channel partially driven by pent-up demand, while continuing to see strong growth in direct sales to large customers. Our Asset Intelligence & Tracking segment, including printing and supplies grew 51.2%, while Enterprise Visibility & Mobility segment sales increased 35.1% driven by exceptional growth across all major categories, including enterprise mobile computing and data capture. Note that we also realized double-digit growth in services and software along with very strong growth in our RFID solutions, for which deployment activity has snapped back as this customers recover from the pandemic. We recognized double-digit growth in all regions. In North America, sales increased 39% with all major categories growing double-digits. In EMEA, sales increased 44% with solid growth across sub regions and solutions offerings. APAC again realized strong growth with sales up 20% led by strength in China, Australia, India and Japan. Latin America also continue its recovery with exceptionally strong growth in all sub regions with sales increasing 79%. Adjusted gross margin expanded 390 basis points to 48%, primarily driven by favorable business mix, a $12 million recovery of Chinese import tariffs, higher support service margins, and contribution from our recent high margin acquisitions. These benefits were partially offset by higher premium freight charges, which we'll discuss further in a moment. Adjusted operating expenses as a percentage of sales improved 180 basis points. We continue to scale OpEx, while prioritizing high return investments in the business. Second quarter adjusted EBITDA margin was 23.6% a 530 basis point improvement from the prior year period, reflecting higher gross margin and operating expense leverage. We drove non-GAAP earnings per diluted share of $4.57, a $2.16 or 89.6% year-over-year increase. EPS growth also benefited from lower interest expense, partially offset by a slightly higher tax rate. Turning now to the balance sheet and cash flow highlights on Slide 7. We generated $514 million of free cash flow in the first half of 2021. This was a $192 million higher than the prior year, primarily due to increased profitable growth. In Q2, we acquired Adaptive Vision for $18 million to advance our Machine Vision solutions and made $4 million of venture investments.
Anders Gustafsson: Thank you, Nathan. I'm encouraged by the strengthening demand across our business, which allows us to further increase our 2021 outlook. Slide 11 illustrates how we're working with our customers and partners to advance our Enterprise Asset Intelligence vision, by leveraging Zebra's industry leading portfolio of products, solutions, software and services, our customers can overcome some of their most complex operational challenges and transform their frontline workflows to achieve higher levels of performance. We help businesses across industries implement tailored solutions that digitize and automate their operations, enabling them to compete more effectively. With our innovative solutions, our customers associates can now anticipate and react in near real time, utilizing insights driven by advanced software capabilities, such as artificial intelligence, machine learning, prescriptive analytics and Machine Vision. Now turning to Slide 12. As a trusted strategic partner, businesses in a variety of end-markets turn to Zebra to help optimize end-to-end workflows. I would like to highlight several recent wins across our end-markets, which demonstrate how Zebra Solutions are improving productivity, customer service and patient care. Large European Postal Service will be deploying approximately 80,000 TC27s to their carriers. Continuing a long standing relationship, they're upgrading to the latest mobile computing solution, which will enable them to more effectively handle increased parcel volumes and a broad range of use cases. It's another proof point of successful collaboration with post and parcel services around the globe, including our current business with the United States Postal Service. We're also helping a large North American steel manufacturer to optimize and digitize its operations. This customer is adding more than 1,000 of our ET56 tablets to their operations, which will allow them to eliminate manual paper processes by implementing electronic proof of delivery to automate and expedite the invoicing process.
Michael Steele: Thanks, Anders. We'll now open the call to Q&A. We ask that you limit yourself to one question and one follow-up, so that we can get to as many of you as possible.
Operator: We'll now begin the question-and-answer session.  Your first question comes from Damian Karas with UBS. Please go ahead.
Damian Karas: Hi, good morning, everyone.
Anders Gustafsson: Good morning.
Damian Karas: So I just wanted to ask you a little bit about the component shortages, obviously still we're able to drive some pretty strong growth in the second quarter and expecting to see that in the third quarter as well. But would you be able to quantify how much of a drag if any of the component shortages are on your sales this year?
Anders Gustafsson: Yes, I'll start and then I'll have Nathan to also help out here. So the first - I'll start on the kind of industry wide semiconductor shortages. They've been very well documented by the press, obviously over the last few months, and we're impacted. So the impact though is not uniform across all components, some components are impacted much more than others. But it's much larger number of components that we can have working that we would do in a normal quarter. But I'd say our team is doing a great job in working all angles to optimize our allocations. And there's been great collaboration between our sustaining engineering groups to ensure we can qualify new alternative components that have less lead time. So to ensure, we get as much available product to provide to our customers as we can. We did raise prices here recently to mitigate some of the impact of the increased component costs. And so despite these shortages, and the price increases that we have increased, we're quite confident in the increased full-year outlook that we announced today.
Nathan Winters: And Damian, just to answer the question on the Q3 and full-year guide, the risk associated with the shortages have been incorporated in our outlook, but it'd be really tough to quantify, I think it will be really constructive to speculate on what that number could be unconstrained.
Damian Karas: Okay, that's really helpful. And then wanted to ask you a little bit about the frayed headwinds. I mean, second quarter despite having those I think you were able to outperform on the margin front. So just curious, why we shouldn't - but you're expecting a pretty abrupt drop here 300 basis points in the second half. Why would - shouldn't we expect you to kind of be able to manage those as we're in the second quarter. And I guess additionally in - should we be thinking that next year, you will be able to kind of completely reverse these premium freight expenses?
Anders Gustafsson: So, maybe if you take us to back on just where we're seeing the bottlenecks, because there's really three different areas in terms of - and the incremental costs. One, which we've seen earlier in the year we've talked about in our previous calls around the lower international commercial air travel, container shortages, port congestions around the supply side of it, that's where we're seeing our air and ocean rates 2 to 3x since the start of the pandemic. And those really have not come down over the last several months. If anything's oceans gone up, air rates have stabilized. In addition, because of the global supply constraints along with increased global demand, we're now expediting component parts from our Tier 1 and Tier 2 manufacturing partners. Along with shipping a higher percentage of printing perspective - in particular via air versus ocean. And so those are also really driving the step change in terms of the transitory cost from Q2 into the second half. In addition, you have the manufacturing shutdowns in parts of Southeast Asia, and particularly for us, Vietnam and Malaysia due to COVID that have further constraint supply. So as we see today, you're expecting the impacts to persist at least through the end of the year. It's hard to say when those will abate into next year. But again, the team is doing a great job of managing the impacts with our customers really through extraordinary actions and communicating the lead times. So as you look at our second half guide, I think there's two things to think of. One is the step change increase in terms of the incremental cost. And in Q2, we also had $12 million of China tariff recovery that we don't expect to repeat in the second half that was an offset in the second quarter.
Damian Karas: Understood. Thank you very much for the insight. Good luck.
Anders Gustafsson: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tommy Moll with Stephens. Please go ahead.
Tommy Moll: Good morning, and thanks for taking my questions.
Anders Gustafsson: Yes.
Tommy Moll: Anders you've talked about a robust backlog and pipeline. Any comments you could give to augment there would be helpful. Do you have any sense of whether the momentum is sustainable through the year-end and even in the next year? And any comments you could give us on channel inventory levels as best you understand them would be appreciated as well? Thanks.
Anders Gustafsson: Yes. I will start here. And then I'll ask Joe, he'll also provide some color. And you're first may be we obviously very excited about and pleased with the performance we had in the second quarter. We exceeded the high end of the guidance range here. To the previous question, the extraordinary collaboration between our supply chain and sales teams to satisfy a very strong demand in a supply constrained environment. The strong secular trends that have been supporting our business for a long time, they have accelerated through COVID. And we don't see any abatement in those trends they're continuing to build. I'd say our customers across pretty much all our vertical markets are prioritizing how digitizing and automating their workflows. I think omnichannel is probably the best example. In retail of - the retail vertical or most retailers investing meaningfully in building out their omnichannel capabilities and digitizing their operations that way. We did see double-digit growth in all regions, as well as across all our product and solutions categories as well as across our main four main vertical markets. We did see our small and medium sized customers do particularly well. So the growth we saw here was definitely part - too large to be driven by our small, medium sized customers. And that was partly I think a result of pent up demand. But we see that largely being behind us at this stage. But even our large strategic accounts performed very well with strong growth. And based on this performance, I do expect that we will continue to take share in the market. Our inventories are healthy in the channel today, but it may be at the lower end of our expected ranges. Joe.
Joachim Heel: I think that's fair. I mean on the inventory side, we're working hard with our distribution partners to keep our inventory at the levels that we need to sustain the demand. But at the same time to serve every possible demand, which is at the moment as you can tell very, very strong. And we're trying to serve all of the demand we can, and taking our inventory to the lower end of - what we consider our healthy range. When it comes to the backlog in the pipeline. It is very strong as you're seeing, and what I can underscore when Anders was saying this, pandemic has definitely triggered a wave of digitization and automation in our customers that is leading to projects and demand that we did not see before the pandemic. So that is a sustained driver of momentum that we see. And we also were enjoying because customers are aware of the supply shortages. We're enjoying good pipeline visibility, our customers are working with us to give us that visibility far in advance. And that gives us confidence for continued growth into the next year.
Tommy Moll: Thank you both. Those are helpful answers. Anders, I wanted to follow-up with a question on Adaptive Vision and your entry into the Fixed Industrial Scanning and Machine Vision markets. A couple part question here does it any context you could give us around any prior relationship you had with Adaptive Vision or how you came to know the asset. Anything you can do to frame the size of the market opportunity where you think you've got a good shot at competing? And then what advantages you bring in those markets they're adjacent to the markets where you currently play and have substantial share, but what advantages do you bring in these new markets? Thanks.
Anders Gustafsson: Yes, I'll try to summarize this here. But firstly, we're excited about the - our entry into the Fixed Industrial Scanning and Machine Vision market. These are solutions that really accelerate our enterprise as an intelligence vision. This is more on the sense side of the sense analyze act framework, but it helps us to provide some new ways of capturing data that we can then analyze and enable our customers to act on. This is a very attractive market we see, but it's quite fragmented. It's a multi-billion dollar market that our new portfolio then can address. Although we're not addressing the entire market on day one, but we're continuing to invest in it to add functionality, to add capabilities so we can go after bigger and bigger part of the market and be ready for folks in initially mostly on the text industrial scanning market. Our value proposition we believe is very strong and their focus is on ease of use of these types of solutions as well as the ability to upgrade cameras and devices in the field. So those are we believe two strong differentiators that we have. The Adaptive Vision is a great way for us to augment the cameras that we had and the software we had developed. It's a way for our customers to more easily be able to develop and build and implement applications for how to basically engage in Machine Vision or Fixed Industrial Scanning or incorporating Machine Vision and Fixed Industrial Scanning into their workflows. And we've been familiar with Adaptive Vision for some time and we've been looking at ways to augment our own internal software development in that area to make sure we can come up with a really strong offering and we felt that Adaptive Vision had a very attractive solution, very strong solution and there was a nice fit with Zebra.
Tommy Moll: Thanks, Anders. I'll turn it back.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jim Ricchiuti with Needham and Company. Please go ahead.
Jim Ricchiuti: Hi, good morning. Thanks for the additional color on some of the costs issue that you're incurring in terms of freight and components. I wonder if you could spend a few moments talking about OpEx, both sales and marketing. G&A up by a healthy amount sequentially, admittedly with those significantly higher sales, but I'm just wondering how we might be thinking about OpEx in the second half of the year. And I have a follow-up Anders, for you on some of the acquisitions?
Nathan Winters: So I think from an OpEx perspective, if you look year-on-year, there's a couple major drivers in terms of the overall increase that really impact every quarter. The first was last year, we took some actions mid-year around salary reductions in the peak of the pandemic to help offset the impact as well as lower incentive comp, as we're obviously below our plans and targets for the year. So those two alone drive a significant increase year-on-year along with a full-year of Reflexis in the P&L and starting to again, invest particularly in R&D and go-to-market with some of the discretionary costs increases. So if you look for the second half of the year, I'd say the ramp in the first half will continue. But I wouldn't expect to see a real step change increase from where we saw spending in the second quarter. But again, the year-on-year increases are all pretty consistent for each quarter.
Jim Ricchiuti: Thanks, Nathan. Anders, you talk about the acquisitions, both Adaptive and Fetch, you talked about I think is being a fragmented market. And I'm wondering to what extent might we see you in addition to internal development of these technologies look at potential additional M&A to expand your footprint?
Anders Gustafsson: Yes, it's obviously hard for me to comment on specific opportunities here. But we're excited about both of these markets, the Fixed Industrial Scanning, and Autonomous Mobile Robot markets. And we have had long standing organic development activities that we now have augmented by the acquisitions of Fetch and Adaptive. But I'd say first, more generally about M&A first we're very excited about our business and the outlook for our business and we do see M&A as a vector for growth. I think the Adaptive Vision or the Fetch Robotics acquisitions are, we're excited about them, we think that we can deliver good growth and good returns on those. But we do look at all M&A opportunities as a way for us to accelerate and advance our EI Vision. We're targeting selective bolt-on acquisitions that also have high growth. Look at around, what I talked earlier about the customers need an interest in digitizing and automating a number of workflows across all of their supply chains. So that provides good opportunities for us to continue to add to our capabilities. And so we do look at M&A as a way for us to accelerate that growth. And we have a strong balance sheet that can support M&A activities also.
Jim Ricchiuti: And your pipeline for M&A?
Anders Gustafsson: Yes, we obviously have a team that looks at the scans kind of the market broadly around our target areas where we have particular interest. There is a - we have a good healthy pipeline over opportunities. You never know what will work out, where we'll come to terms or not, but we do have a healthy pipeline of opportunities.
Jim Ricchiuti: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Paul Chung with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Paul Chung: Hi, thanks for taking my questions. So, just another follow-up on Machine Vision fixed industrial scanner. So, how large is this business today and will the solution eventually kind of be led with software similar to your peers kind of resulting in very accretive margins, what is the strategy to kind of take share from larger players in the industry, maybe competitive pricing and then another on M&A in general, very strong free cash flow, high quality earnings provides you kind of a nice cushion for broader opportunities. Should we expect kind of continued preference for software solutions over time and resulting kind of higher margins longer-term?
Anders Gustafsson: Yes, I'll start and I will also ask Joe to comment on this here. But I think your first question was around the Fixed Industrial Scanning Machine Vision market. We believe it's a very attractive market, it's near adjacency to what we do. And it's a quite a fragmented market, if you looked at the market share table there, there's one or two players that have resource share, but then it's a long tail of smaller players, we're entering the market primarily through our or initially with our Fixed Industrial Scanning portfolio, which is the closest to our core competencies and the use cases where we have a very strong right to play. But we are adding both, say on the capabilities both on the hardware side, on the camera side, but primarily here on the software side to be able to then address a larger part of that market. Software is a big differentiator in all our devices, right, if you look at mobile computing, print and scan, the majority of our engineers, a huge part of the differentiation in the value add comes from the software. And we certainly expect that to be the case here also. So we're investing in building more of that software capability, that division was in inorganic way to accelerate some of that, but we also do that organically. We should also not underestimate or minimize the importance of the investments we're making in the go-to-market. I mentioned earlier, I think that we're putting in specialized to track in our PartnerConnect Reseller program to specifically address recruiting Fixed Industrial Scanning and Machine Vision partners to help accelerate that growth. Maybe Joe, you can expand on that a bit?
Joachim Heel: Yes, exactly. I was going to comment specifically on your question about what's our strategy to take share. So you know that we have the Fixed Industrial Scanning and the Machine Vision parts of - Fixed Industrial Scanning is a natural extension of the leadership that we have in the scanning part of the market. And we're of course translating that technically, to succeed in the Machine Vision part, that's where the software piece is essential. And the acquisition of Adaptive now gives us industry leading software capability. So we fully expect to translate that into share gains. But there's more to it than that, we specifically want to use the software to enhance that ease of use value proposition that's critical to these customers, how easy is it to use and to deploy and that's also important for the second part of the strategy to win which is using partners as a way to compete in this market. All of these solutions are deployed through partners. For us, we're a very partner centric company, as you know. And that is also what we're going to use to compete and win in the Machine Vision space and making our software easy to use is a value proposition not just to the end-users, but to those partners specifically. So hopefully that's helpful.
Paul Chung: Yes, very much and lastly on Fetch Robotics, I know it's early days, but if you could talk about how you see this business ramping, how material revenues can be over time, kind of from a small base, the margin outlook, competitive environment, all that good stuff, some key customers, you hope to get, some cross selling opportunities. And if you could expand on kind of use cases beyond warehouses and fulfillment centers? Thank you.
Anders Gustafsson: Yes, that's a broad question, it can take a while to answer all of it. So I tried to give you a high level response here. But first, we haven't closed on the acquisition yet. But we are certainly excited about it. We have worked with Fetch as a venture investment for quite some time. So we believe we understand the market, we understand the team and we see great opportunities to leverage the Fetch's broad portfolio of AMRs. They have the broadest portfolio of Autonomous Mobile Robots in the industry. And they have a very, very strong, very capable Cloud based software platform for how to deploy and manage these robots, then you'll see that, we've been more focused on technology enabled the workers in warehouses and by combining those two to be able to control and optimize both the flow of robots and the workers. We think we can offer a superior ROI to customers in manufacturing, in warehouses and a number of these use cases. Fetch has, say, initially been mostly focused on the  markets. So more movement of goods. But we see there's a number of other use cases that are also growing fast where they have that solutions that are very well suited to pursue those also. And here's another area where I think our strength that we have in our go-to-market organization, I'll ask Joe to comment on this also, will augment as well, we know virtually all of these large customers in transportation logistics, in manufacturing, retail in whatever industry or vertical we're going after. And we can help I think with providing those introductions and position our broader automation workflow solutions with those customers.
Joachim Heel: Yes, a particular attribute of the market that we're focusing on is that we're targeting those areas where humans and robots work together. And so the notion of a Cobot, right, that collaboration between the two is at the heart of the strategy. So that means we're targeting use cases like person to goods picking, and conveyance. And those use cases allow us to take advantage of a broad installed base we already have, or workers in warehouses have mobile computers, and they're now being augmented by robots. So this means that we can take advantage of the orchestration between the two. And there's really no one else in the market that can do that to the extent that we can. And as a result, we're taking this strong platform capability that that Fetch has with robots that can go across a broader range of use cases than anyone else, and can deliver products with safety and speed that no one else can, and combining it with the orchestration of humans to achieve overall productivity improvements that are unequaled and that's really the strategy.
Paul Chung: Thanks so much.
Operator: The next question comes from Meta Marshall with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Meta Marshall: Great, thanks. On the price increases, you guys noted, can you just give us a sense of the degree or how broad they were and how much like, are you expecting those prices increases to be transitory. So the channel may hold less inventory in the near-term, just how you see that interaction and just maybe a second question, just getting a sense of the Postal Service concentration this year, the USPS deal, so it's expected to be primarily Q2, Q3 of this year. Thanks.
Anders Gustafsson: I'll start and then I'll ask Nathan to comment here also, but first on the price increases, pricing is obviously something that is very important to us and something we continue to assess and address. We do regular checks to make sure that our solutions are priced competitively to the end users as well as our partner community have the right profitability, part of our overall go-to-market activities here. The competitive actions or competitive positioning is obviously a key part of how we assess pricing here. And we believe that the price increases that we have now announced are appropriate, they respond to some of the competitors who have also announced price increases but everybody hasn't. So we believe that we have kind of assessed this based on a very granular based on products and geographies to make sure that we don't put ourselves any competitive risk with these. We see the cost as being transitory, and we want to play this kind of a long-term game here, though of making sure we maximize the value of the corporation longer-term, we don't want to cede market share in the short-term for that either.
Nathan Winters: And then from USPS perspective, the rollout is progressing as expected, and as we communicated earlier in the year, this is for the current rollout of the full EMC solution of 300,000 units to the carriers and with the goal of completing largely completing here at the end of the third quarter.
Meta Marshall: Great. I mean just coming back to project, which is like is there just a range we should think of kind of on the - just on the top line of what that impact is across the portfolio or is that just too difficult to assess kind of at this point?
Nathan Winters: I'll take that, we just rolled the price increases out last week. I would say from a full-year perspective, it's within the margins from the full-year revenue.
Meta Marshall: Okay, great.
Anders Gustafsson: On the rollout price increases, there's a lag time between us announcing and being effective in the market. So you can see this will be impacting our Q4 business rather than Q3.
Meta Marshall: Okay, great. Thank you so much.
Operator: The next question comes from Keith Housum with Northcoast Research. Please go ahead.
Keith Housum: Good morning, guys and congratulations on a great quarter. Just looking at the cost of goods sold here and the transport costs at being the premium freight cost. Is there anything in the adjusted EBITDA margin guidance and thought process as suggested some of the impact will be perhaps longer-term, for example, increased labor costs or anything else in there that again will perhaps go on beyond the rest of this year?
Anders Gustafsson: Yes, Keith the way into two buckets. If you look at the labor costs, or the raw material costs increases, that's what the price increases we've taken is meant to largely offset that. So if we think about from a mitigation of the inflationary prices, I think that's as we go into the fourth quarter and into next year, those would be largely mitigated with the price actions we've taken. And the logistical bottlenecks are the one that from the timing, I think, is still to be played out. Again, I think we expect but no changes between now and the end of the year. But really, we're taking kind of one quarter at a time and reacting accordingly to optimize and maximize profitability as best we can.
Keith Housum: Okay, fair enough.
Nathan Winters: Maybe just build on that a little bit. So the logistics and the semiconductor component cost, we consider those to be transitory. On the labor side, there's always some upward movement in labor rates. But if you think of the amount of labor that goes into our cost of goods sold, it's very small. So that is not, it's single digits, I think high single digits, part of our value-add is from labor. So it's not something that meaningfully changes the P&L.
Keith Housum: Got it, got it. And looking at your full-year guidance, Anders, historically you guys have always had a very strong fourth quarter sequentially big up tick from the second and third quarter, is the guidance you're providing here suggests perhaps even roughly a flat fourth quarter. So is there the thought process that the business has kind of pulled ahead during the year or how are you thinking about the fourth quarter, any potential upside to that?
Anders Gustafsson: Well, I think the fourth quarter, the implied guide for the fourth quarter that we had in our full-year number here which certainly would indicate this growth, not as strong growth as we've had in the first half or - we guided for Q3. But Q4 was a very strong quarter last year. So there was - we saw great recovery in the fourth quarter. But we do see continued strong demand from our customers, the momentum is very strong, we don't see that abating. This is more of a tougher compare than anything, Nathan you want to go or add anything to that?
Nathan Winters: Yes, I think from a sequential standpoint, Keith the terms of the typical update from Q3 to Q4, I don't think it reflects anything from a weakness in the fourth quarter as much as just strength we're seeing here in the third quarter. And as we've noted earlier, when you look at our days on hand inventory and the strength, I wouldn't say sales pull-ins are not a major factor. It's really just that acceleration of investment from our customer base. And if anything, where we're getting the visibility is in the backlog and funnel, as Joe mentioned in terms of giving us confidence in the full-year, particularly the fourth quarter guidance.
Keith Housum: Okay, thanks. I appreciate it.
Operator: The next question is from Andrew Buscaglia with Berenberg. Please go ahead.
Andrew Buscaglia: Good morning, guys.
Anders Gustafsson: Good morning.
Andrew Buscaglia: So I wanted to ask on R&D, your spending this year on track, spent about $560 million or so. And I'm wondering how much of this or last call 12 months is related to this Vision and AMR kind of push. And then secondly, at what point could you start to really leverage that R&D line Do you need to be spending flat cost $550 million a year going forward?
Nathan Winters: First, I'd say R&D investments is a key activity for us, that is what really drives our longer-term growth. And I would say if you look back over the last several years investments we've made in in-product development, and R&D has had a great return for us. So we want to make sure that we have a portfolio of fresh solutions that offer real value to our customers that we can compete and grow the business. We look at our R&D investments across number of horizons, we can say our investments in our core that would have a very short-term return kind of the near adjacencies, which would have a little bit longer returns a couple of years to three years. And then more innovative new solutions, more of the enterprise asset intelligence type of solutions here, which we have a little longer-term payback as they're more ground up innovations. In many areas, you mentioned Fetch specifically, we developed our own robots with SmartSight before, so there certainly been a way for us to both learn the industry. But there's also attractive ways for us to leverage those investments across. So when we do make acquisitions, we see that as a great way for us to augment our own internal programs and drive us into new high growth adjacencies where we can make a difference. So that answers your question.
Andrew Buscaglia: Yes, that's helpful. And if I heard correctly, you got the nice healthcare award this quarter it's like that that area is taking kind of a backseat to all excitement going on retail and e-commerce and logistics. But kind of - can you update us on healthcare in terms of, are you still seeing that narrative play out post-COVID where people are accelerating investments in automation there.
Anders Gustafsson: Yes, I think across all our verticals first. I mean COVID has accelerated the secular trends that we've talked about around our all our end-markets are driving solutions that help to digitize and automate their workflows and empower frontline workers to be connected and optimally kind of utilized. Each of our primary vertical markets grew double-digits in the second quarter. And we continue to invest in expanding into each of these ones. Specifically for healthcare I'd say, we saw healthcare - our healthcare markets, they started in more acute care, but it's been moving into other areas like outpatient, remote patient care, COVID testing, vaccine distribution. So our efforts in healthcare continues to expand into new areas. It's also expanding geographically. So the win we've talked about today was in Europe. And I think the paid healthcare patients are taking a book out of their e-commerce or kind of online shopping activities. Also, they're seeking a more digital experience, which is putting some extra pressure on healthcare providers to make sure they can offer similar type of experiences for the patients. And let's say here, our purpose built devices and solutions are critical for healthcare providers not only to improve the patient journey, but also to drive greater productivity for the healthcare providers.
Joachim Heel: Yes, I might add that. In healthcare, there's two other phenomena that will drive continued growth. One is that we know that healthcare systems depending on where in the world you are, this is in a different stage. Have pulled back on some of their spending, because they didn't have income from the elective procedures that they usually enjoyed. And as we come out of the pandemic, we see more of that income returning to for profit hospitals, and then their ability to spend on these solutions returns as well. And we've seen that, and the international growth is another big dimension. Anders mentioned the European piece, but we also see significant interest in different parts of Asia that we hadn't seen to that extent before. So they were the two more growth factors that we expect.
Anders Gustafsson: Just one more comment on this will be. I expect the healthcare to continue to be our fastest growing vertical over the longer-term. But it's great to see that, we have this diversity in the business across our main four verticals, and some other newer ones coming up. But in Q2 here, manufacturing, which was our fastest growing vertical. Manufacturing was the one that was the hardest hit by COVID-19. And the macro was a bit tougher going into that with tariffs and other things. But the opportunity to increase automation in workflows through wearables and heads up displays and the need to track and trace work are important sourcing components at sub suppliers through assembly all the way through distribution is putting - providing great opportunities for us. So all our vertical markets performed very well, but manufacturing was actually the strongest one for us in Q2.
Andrew Buscaglia: Okay. Thanks Anders.
Operator: Last question is from Rob Mason with Baird. Please go ahead.
Rob Mason: Yes, good morning. Thanks for the question. Anders or Joe wanted to get your thoughts on how quickly you thought you could pull together the channel. The partners to be able to sell the - your Fixed Industrial Scanning Machine Vision products. And I'm curious also if you envision those being two separate channels, or both products will go through the same channel. And then also relatedly, I guess maybe what percent of your existing channel is suitable to sell those products?
Anders Gustafsson: Yes, I'll start and Joe can provide some extra color here also. So, the - we have worked on our go-to-market strategy and our channel engagements. This is since we started working on the product and to solutions. So this is not something we can doing serially, this has been something we've done in parallel to a large degree. So we - you can say there's a Venn diagram of partners out there, their partners who we currently have, who are also in the Fixed Industrial Scanning Machine Vision space that we're obviously having a great - already not have a relationship with. And with EC expansion to add our Fixed Industrial Scanning and Machine Vision capabilities to their portfolio, but also recruiting new partners that are not necessarily see if our partners today, but they're strong in that space. And we've seen good interest and response rates for them, from them. And I think they have been impressed with our solutions. And they see how we can add value to them. So this is obviously a big part of what we need to do now and for the next year to ensure that we deliver the revenue growth that we are intending or planning for. But so far, I'd say that the response from the channel has been very positive.
Joachim Heel: Yes, I appreciate that. You're asking this question, because channel is central to our go-to-market strategy, right? We're very channel centric company. And, as we were designing this go-to-market approach, this we spent a lot of time on this. First week created a dedicated track in our PartnerConnect program, which is very important to serve the needs of these particular partners. A percentage of our current partners are also Machine Vision, distributors and sellers. I would estimate that that's a small percentage. The majority of Machine Vision partners, we do need to create, we no need to recruit - I'm sorry. And we have made great progress in recruiting these partners already. We have a very strong group of partners that have already signed up to sell this force. And that's because of what we were talking about earlier, that we've designed the product with a particular value proposition geared towards partners. We wanted it to make easy for those partners to deploy and sell the solutions. We think that's critical to success. And that's essential in how we've designed the product. And so we're very pleased with both the number of partners, we've already been able to recruit. And the pipeline of additional partners that we have that that is interested in selling our products.
Rob Mason: Very good. Just one follow-up. Nathan, the China tariff recovery, it was a nice contribution in the second quarter. What's assumed in the third quarter or second half for that or the potential for that to recur?
Nathan Winters: Yes, so we have no incremental amount assumed in the second half guide. Our total claim was just over $30 million, and we've recovered $27 million to-date. So I'd say that the large majority that's left is in reconciliation. So I would expect the amount that's left to go is fairly small. And we - the timing that's a little bit unknown, just as we reconcile of those last few batches of transactions.
Rob Mason: I see. And just to clarify as well in your guide. You've assumed nothing for fetch, because it hasn't closed. But just how we should we think about the profit impact that small business are now, but assume you're planning to invest fairly heavily or aggressively and it would that being material in the second half or fourth quarter.
Nathan Winters: So it is not assumed in the guide, since we haven't closed and that's about a $10 million run rate revenue business. And I'm profitable at this time as it scales. But I think that material within the within the margins of our overall guide.
Rob Mason: Okay, very good. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Anders Gustafsson for any closing remarks.
Anders Gustafsson: So to just to wrap up, I would like to thank our employees and partners for going above and beyond to serve our customers as they stretch to meet heightened expectations in the increasingly on-demand economy. While we are focusing on maximizing profit or growth in the business, our top priority continues to be protecting the health and well-being of our employees, partners, and customers as we recover from the pandemic. We're also looking forward to welcoming the Fetch Robotics team once we close the transaction. Thank you and have a great day everyone.
Operator: The conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-05-04 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the First Quarter 2021 Zebra Technologies Earnings Conference Call.  After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mike Steele, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Mike Steele: Good morning, and welcome to Zebra's first quarter conference call. This presentation is being simulcast on our website at investors.zebra.com and will be archived there for at least one year.
Anders Gustafsson: Thank you, Mike. Good morning everyone, and thank you for joining us. Our team delivered exceptional first quarter results, with strong performance across the business, resulting in record sales and profits. For the quarter, we realized; adjusted net sales growth of 28% or 25% on an organic basis; and adjusted EBITDA margin of 25.3%, a 620 basis point year-over-year improvement; non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $4.79, a 79% increase from the prior year, and strong free cash flow. Our teams executed well to satisfy a stronger-than-expected recovery in demand from smaller customers through our distribution channel, and continued strong demand from large customers to digitize and automate their workflows in an increasingly on-demand economy. We realized strong broad-based demand with double-digit sales growth across our four regions, each major product and solutions category, as well as in all of our vertical end markets. We also significantly expanded profit margins, driven by favorable business mix and lower travel expenses, while at the same time, we continued to invest in initiatives to drive sustainable profitable growth. Given our momentum and pace of innovation, we are increasingly confident in our growth prospects.
Nathan Winters: Thank you, Anders. Let's start with the P&L on Slide 6. In Q1, adjusted net sales increased 28.3%, including the impact of currency and the Reflexis acquisition, and 25% on an organic basis, reflecting broad-based demand for our solutions. Direct sales to large customers grew double-digits, and we saw even higher growth from smaller customers through the channel, partially driven by pent-up demand. Our Asset Intelligence & Tracking segment, including printing and supplies grew 21.4%, while Enterprise Visibility & Mobility segment sales increased 26.8%, driven by exceptional growth in enterprise mobile computing. We realized strong double-digit growth in services and software. And also had strong growth in our RFID solutions, which is beginning to rebound from the depths of the pandemic. We recognized double-digit growth in all regions. In North America, sales increased 28%, with mobile computing, printing, services and supplies each growing double-digits. In EMEA, sales increased 22%, with solid growth across all sub regions and solutions offering. APAC returned to growth with sales up 19% led by strength in China, Australia, New Zealand and India. Latin America also returned to growth in all sub regions, with sales increasing 31%. Adjusted gross margin expanded 370 basis points to 48.9%, primarily driven by favorable business mix, and higher service and software margin. The favorable year-on-year impact from China tariffs was offset by $11 million of incremental premium freight charges. Adjusted operating expenses as a percentage of sales improved 280 basis points. We have been accelerating high return investments in the business, while prudently managing discretionary costs. First quarter adjusted EBITDA margin was 25.3%, a 620 basis point increase from the prior-year period, reflecting higher gross margin and operating expense leverage. We drove non-GAAP earnings per diluted share of $4.79, a $2.12 or 79.4% year-over-year increase. EPS growth also benefited from lower interest expense and a lower share count, partially offset by a slightly higher tax rate. Now turning to the balance sheet and cash flow highlights on Slide 7. We generated $214 million of free cash flow in Q1. This was $119 million higher than the prior year, primarily due to increased profitable growth. In Q1, we had $13 million of venture investments in two companies that provide real-time asset visibility and artificial intelligence solutions. Our balance sheet remains strong. From a debt leverage perspective, we ended Q1 at a modest 0.9 times net debt to adjusted EBITDA leverage ratio.
Anders Gustafsson: Thank you, Nathan. I am encouraged by the strengthening demand across our business, which allows us to increase our 2021 outlook. Our team has done an outstanding job navigating us through the pandemic. Slide 10 illustrates how we are working with our customers and partners to advance our Enterprise Asset Intelligence vision. By leveraging Zebra's leading portfolio of products, solutions, software, and services our customers can overcome some of their most complex operational challenges and transform their frontline workflows to achieve higher levels of performance.
Mike Steele: Thanks, Anders. We'll now open the call to Q&A. We ask that you limit yourself to one question and one follow-up so that we can get to as many of you as possible.
Operator:  And the first question today will come from Damian Karas with UBS. Please go ahead.
Damian Karas: So you had mentioned that some of the first quarter sales strength was on pent-up demand from your smaller customer base. But just thinking about the current order strength you're seeing as you progress through the second quarter, would you still characterize some of that as pent-up demand? Are we kind of past that at this point and it's really more reflective of your underlying run rate demand, if you will?
Anders Gustafsson: Well, and first, we are very pleased with our first quarter results here and the outlook we could provide. We - the business is supported by some strong secular trends that have accelerated during the pandemic, like omnichannel and - so most companies today are very focused on automating and digitizing their businesses. And for us, that resulted in double-digit growth across all regions, across all products and solutions, as well as all verticals, so very broad-based demand for us. We did see particularly strong growth from small and medium-sized customers, and that was partly driven by pent-up demand, but it's only partly driven by pent-up demand. Yes, but - we also saw strong demand from our large customers, our larger strategic accounts. And I think another factor here was that based on our performance, I'm - I certainly expect that we continue to take share in the market. Nathan, do you want to add something?
Nathan Winters: Yes. So this time on the pent-up demand. I think one, it is an estimate, so this isn't a precise deal reconciliation. And we think it is recovering most of our 2020 miss to our original plan and guidance last year and recovering that here in the first half of the year, which is contributing low double digits, both in the first and second quarter.
Damian Karas: Okay, that makes sense. And then, I think you spoke in the past that, sort of, later in the year is when you start seeing sort of the larger projects, if you will, larger orders. At this point, do you have some visibility there that you've kind of baked that into your guidance in the back half or should we still expect that there could be some larger projects that haven't taken hold yet?
Anders Gustafsson: I think what we've said is, it tends to be that our visibility into the larger deals or into our pipeline overall increases with time. So the closer - the further we enter the year we get better visibility, we'll have to be through the second half and Q4. So part of what you see today is that we have gained some better visibility into both - how we expect the run rate to progress, but also on some of the larger deals. But we don't have perfect visibility, so clearly there is opportunities for deals that we don't necessarily have in our stored as high likelihood in our pipeline today. Joe, do you want to add something to this?
Joe Heel: Yes. I would say that the large deal momentum has continued evenly throughout the year. And we have prospects for large deals in the second half, just as we did in the first half. One of the large deals that you're aware of is the USPS deal, which is of course contributing to our Q2 and Q3 as we have said.
Operator: And the next question will come from Tommy Moll with Stephens. Please go ahead.
Tommy Moll: Anders, it's sounds like compared to a quarter ago, when we talked both in terms of geography and market, it sounds like everything or nearly everything is better than expected, a quarter ago. But if you had to pinpoint maybe one geography or one end market that's improved the most, just as a driver for the raised revenue guidance, what would you point us to? And if I'm mistaken, and if there is any geography or end market that's gotten a little weaker over the last quarter that would be good to know. Although, maybe just based on your tone and comments today it sounds like there weren't any?
Anders Gustafsson: This is a hard question today, because we have broad-based demand. I don't think we've ever had a quarter where we've had each of our four regions, each of our verticals and each of our main product categories all growing double-digits. So it's hard to pick who stand out as particularly strong or weaker. But I'll probably just highlight maybe North America as particularly strong, as being also our largest region here, we grew by 28%. So we saw very broad-based demand across basically all our portfolio, the entire portfolio. But printing supplies, mobile computing, RFID, services, software, they were all up double digits. And we had strong wins across all our vertical markets in North America. And our newest vertical, the government vertical also demonstrated good growth. And I think demonstrates the investments we've made in both product and the go-to-market for the government vertical paying off here now. On a - from a vertical perspective, maybe healthcare, just want to highlight. It's been our fastest growing vertical for some time and we expect it to continue to be the fastest growing one. It had a very nice performance in Q1. I think the transformation in healthcare is accelerating. It started off in acute care, but it's moving into other areas now, like ambulatory care, contact tracing, even remote patient care. And healthcare patients are now expecting or demanding a more digital experience and they prefer that also. And our purpose-built solutions are critical for healthcare providers to be able to improve the overall patient journey to drive - and to drive greater productivity for the healthcare providers across their operations. And some of our solutions in healthcare also used specifically, but for COVID response like drive-through testing and vaccinations, cold chain logistics and so forth.
Nathan Winters: Maybe I can add something too. If you look at the regions nominally, the one that's swung the most from last quarter was Latin America. Latin America was the one that was hardest hit in the pandemic and has rebounded the most, but it's also our smallest region. In terms of verticals, another one that is notable is manufacturing, which was hit very hard in the pandemic as well and we're seeing some good rebound in that area. I think the biggest swing that we haven't mentioned yet is one of deal size and customer size, right? So, notably our run rate and the purchases by small and medium businesses have accelerated and are catching up now to what was a big driver in past quarters of the larger customers, investing in e-commerce and digitization. We're now seeing that in the small and medium business, which of course manifest in our run rate.
Tommy Moll: Thank you, both. That's very helpful. If I could ask one follow-up. Anders, I wonder if you could update us on some of the pilots you have with retail customers, where all our or at least a lot more of the store associates are carrying one of your devices. What's the progress there? How are you making the ROI case to the potential customers? And to what extent does reflect this factor into the strategy there?
Anders Gustafsson: Yes. The device for all is a big opportunity for us. We're very excited about how that's progressing. We see the theme around how most companies wants to automate and digitize their operations is playing a big role in driving this. Across every vertical, I would say, our customers are looking to put technology in the hands of more of their employees and be able to have them be connected and be able to both enter data, as well as react to data. We see the relationship with Reflexis as very synergistic. And that, if you have a mobile device you can now look at inventory stock-outs, or other information and upload that to the Reflexis task engine, which now can make smarter decisions, can prioritize the highest ROI action, and then mobilize that to the right worker at the right time by - through somebody who then is carrying a mobile device. So it's a very strong synergistic portfolio that adds basically - and the network effect it adds to the value of both device and both solutions by having both under one roof. The progression on deeper penetration is also progressing. So if you go back, 7 years, 8 years or something, our large supercenter in retail might have had seven or eight devices and today they routinely would have maybe 70 or 80, but they may have several hundred employees. And we think that having a shared device for those associates when they are in the store is big objective for, I would say, the vast majority of our customers. And that's progressing. We have some good examples of where we've provided - expanded our portfolio to provide that kind of full range of devices across the price and performance curve. And where we've combined software and devices to really enable much deeper penetration. And Joe, maybe you want to share some examples of this?
Joe Heel: Yes. I'll give you one example of the connection of our device for all and our SaaS software. One of the largest retailers in Australia is using our EC30 devices together with Workforce Connect to enable their associates to do tasks in the store, but also communicate with one another. And that's one of the key use cases, which is - and by the way also enabled by Reflexis in the future is to have the associates be able to interact with each other, which requires that all of the associates have a device. So, I think that's a pretty good example of it.
Tommy Moll: Great. Thank you, both. We'll keep our eyes out for more progress on those fronts. But I'll turn it back for now. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question will be from Andrew Buscaglia with Berenberg. Please go ahead.
Andrew Buscaglia: I was hoping you could talk a little bit more on gross margins in the quarter, which were obviously very strong. Can you break out what - you mentioned software and then that Reflexis or just acquisitions in general helping? Can you break out what that contributed in the quarter?
Nathan Winters: Yes, Andrew, this is Nathan. Firstly, our teams have been executing very well on what we can control. You see that through the gross margin improvement year-on-year up 370 basis points. About two-thirds of that is related to business mix, as well as volume leverage. We have especially high mix of large orders, due to the recovering small and medium business that Joe mentioned earlier. And about a third of that was from expansion of our service margins, as well as the Reflexis acquisition. And most of that coming from expansion within our service business. I think the one thing to also note, as we stated last year, we look at our underlying gross margin trends. They remained healthy throughout 2020. And we expected the overall margin and we're seeing that play out to improve as the mix has returned.
Andrew Buscaglia: And EVM had particularly very strong gross margins, 49%, is that sort of the run rate we're looking at going forward? I know you have those freight expenses coming in. But yes, is this sort of, kind of the path you're taking? Are you - do - you think you can grow or expand margins even from that kind of elevated level, given some of this software and services integration?
Anders Gustafsson: I think, over time, we do expect for our margins to improve. I'd say, Q1 was especially favorable due to the strong mix of small and medium-sized business. But I think as that normalizes to more of a normalized level as we move forward, we do expect EVM margins to improve over time, particularly as you mentioned with the growth and expansion of our software solutions.
Andrew Buscaglia: Okay. And maybe just last one. In Q2, stuff got into that guidance unless you - if you assume a pretty big ramp in SG&A? So, do we expect a step down in gross margins just in Q2, for some reason or given the freight expense?
Nathan Winters: Yes. So if you look at our Q2 EBITDA guide of 21% to 22%, it is up nearly 3 points year-on-year due to favorable business mix from 2020. Sequentially, it is down 4 points, most of that is due to lower gross margin. As we said, as deal size, I think, comes back from the exceptionally high level we are - we had here in Q1. And you also have CRS seasonality, a slight care for recovery in the first quarter all lowering gross margin sequentially. As well as we do expect higher OpEx, as we continue to accelerate investment in our new solutions both in R&D and go to market.
Operator: And the next question will come from Jim Ricchiuti with Needham and Company. Please go ahead.
Jim Ricchiuti: Just wondering if - what kind of headwinds you might be seeing or anticipating for the full year, just as it relates to what we've all been hearing about component constraints, higher raw material prices? And just along those lines, do you anticipate potentially having to take any pricing actions going forward just given the supply chain issues?
Anders Gustafsson: Yes. I would first characterize the supply chain issues that we're working on in two categories. One is, logistical bottlenecks and the other one is around the industry-wide semiconductor shortages that has been in the press quite a bit lately. First on the logistical bottlenecks. That's really caused by an increase - a combination of increase in demand when combined with a reduction in commercial air traffic sort of fewer commercial airplanes, which used to cover or carry a lot of commercial freight also. Then you have - add on a little bit of container shortages and port congestion on top of that. But this has resulted in air and ocean rates on - pretty much on all our key routes, having increased by a factor of two, since the start of the pandemic. So, we are incurring premium freight cost as a result of this. And we are prioritizing customer - meeting customer expected delivery dates. So, we have been using - leveraging all modalities of freight to get our devices and products to our customers, including chartering flights from Europe - from China to Europe and the US. But this has had a negative - a negligible impact on revenues. And I'd say, our supply chain team has done an outstanding job of being able to manage this and minimize the impact on the business. They had issues around the semiconductor shortages and this impacts some of our products more than others. Our teams are - have been doing a great job of managing all angles of optimizing allocations for us. We have a history of thoughtful contingency planning, which I think is helping us here. We tend to qualify multiple components when we can and even have multiple suppliers when practical. We have seen, again, modest increases in surcharges related to sourcing these components. But despite the - both of these issues that I mentioned, we are confident in the full year sales outlook that we gave. The outlook incorporates both of these points. And lastly then on the price action you asked about. We continuously assess pricing based on the competitive environment. So, we always look at that, but there is - we have no imminent plan of addressing or having, let's say, a broader price increase to address these supply chain issues.
Jim Ricchiuti: And thank you. And the follow-up. Just on the AIT business. And I'm just wondering how - what you're seeing in the market - in the legacy - this legacy part of your business compares with previous recoveries and other economic cycles?
Anders Gustafsson: Yes. We had an exceptional quarter for print. The growth rates were well above average - corporate average. We - as we saw growth across the portfolio and certainly pent-up demand had been an issue here. Smaller customers through the channel, it was recovering quite nicely. And we also over the last year or so, taking some steps to strengthen our go-to-market around our eco channel - channel ecosystem. And I think that's made us more competitive. And we've been able to accelerate some share gains. Our printing - RFID printing business was also particularly strong. And even the supplies business was doing very well. Tempt time was up double digits. So it was a very strong performance across the board. And maybe also highlight that, Joe mentioned earlier, the manufacturing was up very strongly in Q1 after having had a tougher go in 2020 and a little bit further - beyond that also it would further that out. And printing is the most exposed to manufacturing. So when manufacturing goes up that would have a disproportionate impact on our printing business.
Operator: The next question will come from Meta Marshall with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Meta Marshall: A quick question. Some of these smaller customers come back. What are they asking you for that may be different from - what they were asking you from before. Clearly, they still going to face some challenges in the competitive environment. Just wondering, what they're asking you for in particular? And then maybe on the healthcare opportunities. Just as you move past some of these kind of COVID boosted use cases, where are you seeing the most traction in these cases there? Thanks.
Anders Gustafsson: Yes. I will start, and then, I will ask Joe to also provide some color here. So first on smaller customers and what we're seeing, what's different. I'd say two things, Meta. One is, irrespective of size, I would say, pretty much all customers across all verticals are looking to figure out how can they digitize and automate their businesses more. And they do look to our type of solutions to connect the physical world to the digital world, to really help them connect that physical workflow - those workflows into applications and automate them better. So that is a broad-based theme across basically all sizes of customers and verticals. The other point that would be - our larger customers who generally able to pivot to a COVID operating world better. They were generally seemed to be essential businesses - were deemed to be essential business, while many of our smaller customers, many of them are in manufacturing had to shut down. And now as they come back, I think they are looking to make investments that enables them to compete with some of their larger presence who have made more - who have invested earlier in those digitization and automation themes. Joe, do you want to add anything to this?
Joe Heel: I think you said it well on the small-and-medium businesses. Clearly, the pent-up demand portion of - we're still most pronounced among the SMBs, I would say, and they're catching up more on their pent-up demand. But beyond that, it is really those small-and-medium businesses going to the next level of digital transformation, just as their larger resident have. And you get also asked about healthcare. And - on the healthcare beyond COVID 19 use cases, we're seeing an expansion, as Anders has mentioned in the prepared remarks into new areas of healthcare like ambulatory care, like remote patient care. So the use of tablets, for example, in order to enable remote patient care is a big use case. Communication, of course, is the big use case. And one that we're also seeing a lot of interest in is, asset and people tracking in hospitals, locating the right person, or locating the right asset for a particular procedure. Those are new use cases and are driving some of that accelerating demand .
Operator: And the next question will come from Keith Housum with Northcoast Research. Please go ahead.
Keith Housum: Good morning guys, and congratulations on a great quarter, and the solid guidance. Just want to unpack the gross margin growth, again, just a little bit more? Software and services obviously had a great step up compared to in the fourth quarter or in the first quarter last year. And I understand last year's step up was due to European services improvement, something that's getting further improvement this time around. And this 47%, roughly, gross margins, is that sustainable going forward? Is this like a new normal for you?
Nathan Winters: Keith. So just - first part of your question, to the growth in both our service and software. Now again, seeing on both ends, right at the - the addition of Reflexis gross margin being higher than the company average is helping. But also from an organic basis, up nearly 7 points year-on-year from our core service business. And part of that is due to the actions we took over the last several years to improve efficiency and streamline the repair operations and the team is continuing to work that. And then the other is, now with double-digit revenue growth, I've seen that volume leverage flow through the P&L is the other big driver of the margin improvement. And we do expect that to continue to grow year-on-year as we grow the top line, as well as improve efficiency in the operations.
Keith Housum: Great to hear it. And then, in terms of your overall growth, I understand there's multiple drivers of your revenue growth. But can you touch on perhaps the growth that's been contributed from the new products and perhaps expansion into new markets that you're perhaps, we're not doing as well in before? Just trying to dimensionalize some of the growth aspects there?
Anders Gustafsson: Yes. So, when you say new products, you mean new types of solutions, or were just new products more generally?
Keith Housum: I mean, more types of new solutions, looking for new customers, new use cases. And perhaps, your prior generation of products that did not have previously addressed.
Anders Gustafsson: Okay. Yes. I'll start and Joe, you can provide some - year also. So I'd say, we did see RFID having a very strong quarter in Q1. RFID had a tough going last year, but that's really started in Q2. So there was - Q1 last year was more of mill, was pretty reasonable quarter. So this is a strong rebound for RFID. And we see these types of solutions which are more contactless is having a great - being in demand and see more deployment of them. I would say, also our software solutions are having great traction. The combination of the Reflexis, Zebra Prescriptive Analytics and Workforce Connect provides a very differentiated value proposition for us. And each of those offerings by them - and of themselves are performing very well. But when you then combine it with as a suite and then look at the - how they interact with our mobile devices that provides a very compelling offering, which we see having great, great opportunities for us to continue to grow. And some of our other intelligent edge solutions are still probably a little slow in ramping as we've had - still have a hard - we don't have access to our customers' facilities to the extent we used to, to do pilots and proof of concepts and other types of engagements like that. But we expect that to ease up here as we get through COVID and get back into more normal way of operating with our customers. Joe?
Joe Heel: Yes. I'll add - maybe add a couple of things that could be helpful. In terms of the mobile computing segment. We talked about the device for all. And as Andrew said, previously described, we are seeing an expansion of this. This isn't necessarily always a big game, where someone just rolls out devices to everyone. But an expansion to additional sets of people, right? That you can - now you use it for transport in a hospital, not just for nurses, for example. So that's been a big expansion. But we've also had some very innovative use cases. One of them, we recently published in the press release for a tire change, that is now using our devices to not only keep track of the tires in the inventory, but also measure the tread gap and offer a new service to a customer. That type of innovation, I think is, is going to be providing new use cases as well. And I'm also quite proud of our ability to grow the tablet segment, that we accelerated through the acquisition of Xplore some time ago and to combine with our own ET tablets, and we have some very good traction there. From a vertical perspective, two that I would call out is the government and healthcare segments. The healthcare segments have seen a good acceleration internationally. You know that we've always had a reasonably strong position in North America. But now we're seeing deals in Japan and Australia, in the U.K. that are sizable, right, where these institutions are modernizing their infrastructure globally. And government is, we've mentioned is an area, not just in the U.S., but also in other countries again, around the world that we've made substantial go-to-market investments, and we're now seeing accelerated growth. Most of the mobile computing, but also some printing opportunities with governments around the bar.
Operator: The next question is from Richard Eastman with Baird. Please go ahead.
Richard Eastman: Yes, good morning. Just very quickly on the gross margins. It - did the chair - the China tariff benefit, did that all fall into the EVM gross margin?
Anders Gustafsson: It would have fallen between both EVM and printing. So we had both - I don't have the exact split off them, but it was...
Richard Eastman: Okay.
Anders Gustafsson: So equally - or proportionately weighted between EVM and AIT.
Richard Eastman: Okay. And then just - is there any visibility on that? I mean, going forward, Q2 to Q4, is that benefit continue?
Nathan Winters: But, do you expect the benefit to continue? We have not included that into our guidance for the quarter or the year in terms of incremental benefit. As - quite frankly, it's very hard to predict when and how the claims we've processed will be approved and paid. But it's something we continually work and actively manage. But yes, it's pretty tough to predict the timing of when we expect to get the recovery from the government.
Richard Eastman: I see. Okay. And then just, just maybe as a second question around the core growth in the quarter was 25%, I believe. Could you just speak to what the growth relative in the channel was versus direct? And does the U.S. Postal Service fall in the direct piece that you're going to hopefully define for me?
Anders Gustafsson: Yes. I'll - I think, Joe can probably provide most colors. But the USPS will be in Channel customer, I think, Joe. And second, our Channel business had a fantastic quarter, with I believe stronger growth than what we had in our direct accounts. Joe?
Joe Heel: Yes, I can confirm that. So our strategy has and remains to be Channel-centric, with the vast majority of our revenue going through the Channel. And I'm happy to report that our Channel has once again grown faster than our business overall, and has therefore expanded the portion of revenue that goes through the Channel.
Richard Eastman: Is - and just lastly, and related to this. I've got a question on just the press release that came out a little bit ago here, kind of mid -April. But you talk about this PartnerConnect Alliance Track. And it's complementary to the independent software vendor track. But just talk about maybe this expansion of non-selling VAR partnerships. And just, what that brings to the table here? And is that, there is an investment made in these channels? But just, maybe just speak to that, how that expands the opportunity set for Zebra?
Joe Heel: Do I need to take that, Anders?
Anders Gustafsson: Yes, please.
Joe Heel: Yes. Of course, VARs has been the core of our PartnerConnect program. We've added ISVs, especially in the Android transition because of the importance that the software that runs on our devices has and how the customer comprehends that as an integrated solution and wants to buy it that way. So we recognized ISVs as influencers of the customers, aligned ourselves closely with those and, and are proud to have some of the largest ISVs in our program. But we've also recognized that there are other important influencers. I'll give you an example to make this real, which is, if you think about network equipment providers. People that provide WiFi infrastructure, for example, for a customer. Almost similar to the ISVs. They are looking to provide solutions to customers, like for example, locationing capabilities, right, within the environments that they outfit. And by working with us, they can enable such solutions. And we recognize that and created this Alliance Track in order to allow us to work more effectively with those kinds of partners. And it's paying off very nicely for us.
Richard Eastman: So it's basically lead generation. I mean, is that what you look to it? These other influencers around ID products?...
Joe Heel: It is lead gene... I'm sorry, go ahead.
Richard Eastman: No, that was my question.
Joe Heel: Yes, it is lead generation, but it is perhaps even more effective in allowing us to close the opportunities, right? When a customer sees that we're aligned and that we're working together, we have a greater chance of winning.
Operator: The next question will be from Brian Drab with William Blair. Please go ahead.
Brian Drab: Just first on the EBITDA margins. I guess the full-year guidance implies that the - first of all, you gave us the 21.5% midpoint for the second quarter, but then the full-year guidance implies the same kind of 21.5% level for the third quarter and fourth quarter. I'm wondering if that's kind of fair to assume that, that will be the run rate for the balance of the year and no big swings between third and fourth quarter? And also, is the premium freight headwind something that will persist or is that - can that fall off maybe later in the year? And I'm just wondering, how much conservatism might be baked into that 21.5% after putting up 25.5% almost in the first quarter?
Nathan Winters: So if you look at our full-year guide of 22% to 23%, we do expect gross margin in that to improve year-on-year, and particularly our software solutions grow. And we do expect premium freight cost of $50 million to $60 million, which we've raised by $20 million and most of that coming in the second half. Because we really don't see any change in those expectations from what we're seeing here in the first half, or at least it's hard to predict when the - particularly the supply side will come back around commercial air travel. And that's also $20 million higher than all of our 2020 transitory costs, including tariffs. And we also expect to continue to invest in and grow OpEx as we accelerate investment in some of the high ROI opportunities and including the continued integration of our software offerings with Reflexis.
Brian Drab: Okay, thanks. And then, can you provide some details on the competitive environment as you're seeing it? Anything you can share in terms of what your share of the mobile computer market is now from your perspective and what your share of the bar coding equipment market is? Just that so much has changed in the last year with the industry just exploding. And then also within mobile computing, can you talk about what percent was Android versus Windows-based in the quarter? Thanks.
Anders Gustafsson: All right. I'll start and we'll see if I missed anything. But if - so competitive environment. First I'd say, we are very confident in our competitive positioning. I'd say as confident as we've ever been probably. We're coming out of COVID 19 with good momentum and it provide - we've actually gained share as we've gone through last 2020 here. We took the attack of continuing to invest in new solutions and staying as close as we could with customers. We actually launched more new products last year than we've done in the other year in history, and I think that's coming back to benefit us here now. Our markets are, we think very attractive. We have some strong secular growth trends. I mentioned kind of the trends around digitizing and automating workflows as a broad theme that I think that's something that's very broad-based and very - we believe will be something that companies will invest in for several years. The - we have some strong advantages also. We have our scale, our go-to-market network, the ecosystem we have there. So there is a number of things that will make us a formidable competitor from that perspective. And lastly, I'd say our vision. Our Enterprise Asset Intelligence something that differentiates us from our competitors. When our customers look, talk to us, they are not looking to just buy device for here and now, they are looking to see how they can partner with somebody who can help them drive that digitization and automation of their operations into the future. From a share perspective, we get share data from independent sources and they tend to lag. So we only have Q4 data. But we had a record share in mobile computing over, I think it was over 50% on print and we - the Number 2, I think is, I believe 12%, certainly directionally in that area. On print, we have a low 40%, 43% I think it is...
Nathan Winters: Yes.
Anders Gustafsson: And our next second competitor is low double digits. I think also about 12%. And in scan, we have about 30%, where the second largest is more like 24%. So, we have strong position across our business. And your last question was about the mix of Android and - Windows. And we now have over 85% of our mobile computing sales are Android.
Operator: Please proceed Mr. Anders, if you needed to answer the question further.
Anders Gustafsson: Well, I just - our share in Android remains particularly strong. We probably have approximately 60% of the share of Android, so we're particularly strong in that Android element.
Brian Drab: Yes. That's a good answer.
Operator: Thank you, sir. And the final question will come from Blake Gendron with Wolfe Research. Please proceed.
Blake Gendron: Thanks for squeezing me on here. I want to start with cash flow. So relative to the wording of at least $700 million in the prior guidance, the current guide is appreciably higher. So I'm wondering, how we can think about free cash conversion in the context of both, Number 1 growing software mix and Number 2, the healthy channel growth that you mentioned. I would imagine that hardware-led pent-up demand recapture would see some working capital drag in 2021. But as we look into 2022 and beyond, is there a way we can think about free cash conversion that's perhaps structurally different from what it's been in the past?
Nathan Winters: And so, the first part of your question is just in terms of the full-year guide of greater than $850 million really just aligns to the increased profitable growth outlook for the year. So no notable changes in - from a working capital perspective relative to our last guide. Our target year in and out - year-in and year-outs be at 100% free cash flow conversion. This year it'll be slightly lower than that just because of the strength we had in 2020. But we don't see that noticeably changing and something we can achieve over time as we look - as we move forward.
Blake Gendron: Okay, that's helpful. And then one quick follow-up here. Interesting win with the tire customer. And that application seems like if all the machine vision - there is a large machine vision competitor, that is a small handheld scanner device. Business somewhere in Zebra's purview, there's a little bit of overlap. Do you think that this overlap increases, particularly in the manufacturing realm? Is there any M&A to do here? A lot of what we're hearing in terms of automation, AI deployment within the manufacturing facility is coming from the Machine Building customers, which seems like it's on the periphery of what Zebra does, but that would be helpful perspective.
Anders Gustafsson: Yes. Machine vision is a very exciting, sensing and data acquisition technology for us that helps us enable intelligent automation solutions. We've already incorporated machine vision into a number of our solutions like SmartPack, SmartSight, our MP7000 flatbed scanners for the color camera. So, we just clearly see great opportunities to continue to leverage machine vision to create unique solutions for our customers. The tire tread depth sensor, that is an accessory that we put on our mobile computers to be able to do, but it's another example of how we're trying to find use cases where we feel that we have a strong right to play and where we can be competitive. I now expect that machine vision is going to be continued area for us to invest. We acquired a company called Cortexica about 18 months back, I think it is now, that was basically as an engineering team that has deep expertise into machine vision. Their focus was on figuring out how to extract useful information from digital images and video and we put - they put, they have been a great addition to our team and helping our other solutions - accelerate the deployment of our other solutions.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Gustafsson for any closing remarks.
Anders Gustafsson: Yes. So to wrap up, I would like to thank our employees and partners for their focus, dedication and resiliency, leading to exceptional Q1 results and an improved outlook for 2021. Our top priority continues to be protecting the health and well-being of our employees, partners, and customers as we recover from the pandemic. Stay safe everyone.
Operator: Thank you, sir. The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending todays presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q4  (2021-02-11 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Zebra Technologies Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2020 Earnings Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note, this event is being recorded. 
 I would now like to turn the conference over to Mike Steele, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead. 
Michael Steele: Good morning, and welcome to Zebra's fourth quarter conference call. This presentation is being simulcast on our website at investors.zebra.com and will be archived there for at least 1 year. 
 Slide 2 conveys that the forward-looking statements we make today are based on current expectations and assumptions and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially due to factors discussed in our SEC filings. 
 During this call, we will reference non-GAAP financial measures as we describe our business performance. You can find reconciliations at the end of the slide presentation and in today's earnings press release. Throughout this presentation, unless otherwise indicated, our references to sales growth are year-over-year, on a constant currency basis and exclude results from recently acquired businesses for the 12 months following each acquisition.  
 This presentation will include prepared remarks from Anders Gustafsson, our Chief Executive Officer; and Nathan Winters, our Chief Financial Officer. Anders will begin with our fourth quarter results. Then Nathan will provide additional detail on the financials and discuss our 2021 outlook. Anders will conclude with progress made on advancing our Enterprise Asset Intelligence vision. Following the prepared remarks, Joe Heel, our Senior Vice President of Global Sales, will join us as we take your questions.  
 Now let's flip to Slide 4 as I turn the call over to Anders. 
Anders Gustafsson: Thank you, Mike. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. I am proud of our employees' resiliency and focus on serving our customers critical needs during the pandemic. Through their efforts, we were able to deliver exceptional results to close out a challenging 2020. 
 For the quarter, we realized adjusted net sales growth of more than 10% or more than 8% on an organic basis; an adjusted EBITDA margin of 23.5%, a 210 basis point year-over-year improvement; non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $4.46, a 25% increase from the prior year; and strong free cash flow. Each of these measures significantly exceeded our outlook.  
 We generated more business in Q4 than any other quarter in our history. Our teams executed well to satisfy a faster-than-expected recovery in demand from smaller customers through our distribution channel, particularly for our printing solutions. Demand from our large customers also continued to be strong due to their need to digitize and automate workflows in an increasingly on-demand economy. 
 We also drove improved profitability and cash flow, while investing in research and development projects to drive sustainable, profitable growth. Our record Q4 results capped a challenging full year 2020, in which we realized slight declines in sales and earnings per share. However, we did achieve record free cash flow of $895 million for the year. 
 With that, I will now turn the call over to Nathan to review our Q4 financial results in more detail and discuss our 2021 outlook. 
Nathan Winters: Thank you, Anders. Let's start with the P&L on Slide 6. In Q4, we returned to profitable growth after a particularly challenging first 9 months of the year. Net sales increased 8.3% before the impact of currency and acquisitions. Our sales mix of large and small orders normalized to pre-pandemic levels, driven by a recovery of our run-rate business, which was driven in part by pent-up demand. 
 Our Asset Intelligence & Tracking segment, including printing and supplies, significantly benefited from the recovery in smaller business demand, with segment sales increasing 14% from the prior year. Our Enterprise Visibility & Mobility segment sales increased 5.6%, driven by solid growth in enterprise mobile computing solutions. We also realized strong growth in services and software, driven by our managed and support services and Zebra retail solutions. 
 From a regional perspective, we realized solid year-over-year growth in North America and significant growth in EMEA, while Asia Pac and Latin America were slower to recover. In North America, sales increased 6%. Printing, supplies, data capture and services were bright spots. In EMEA, sales increased 20%. Printing, supplies, mobile computing and services grew double-digits as we saw strong demand through our partner distribution channel. 
 APAC sales were down 4% year-over-year, yet increased sequentially. Printing and mobile computing were bright spots, and we saw modest growth in China. Latin America sales declined 15%, with all major product and service categories declining in a challenging macro environment. 
 Adjusted gross margin expanded 200 basis points to 47.8%, driven primarily by a $12 million recovery of China import tariffs paid in prior periods and improved services and software margin. Business mix had a negligible impact on year-on-year margin comparisons. Additionally, this quarter's results were impacted by $10 million of premium freight costs. 
 Adjusted operating expenses increased $28 million from the prior year period and improved 20 basis points as a percentage of sales. We continue to diligently manage costs, while accelerating high-return investments in the business. Fourth quarter adjusted EBITDA margin was 23.5%, a 210 basis point increase from the prior year period, primarily driven by higher gross margin. We drove non-GAAP earnings per diluted share of $4.46, a $0.90 or 25.3% year-over-year increase.  
 Turning now to the balance sheet and cash flow highlights on Slide 7. We generated $895 million of free cash flow in full year 2020. This was $271 million higher than the prior year. Free cash flow conversion of 130% was significantly higher than our target of 100%, primarily due to timing of customer collections and vendor payments. 
 Lower 2020 payments of incentive compensation, taxes and interest also contributed to the improvement. Our balance sheet remains strong. From a debt leverage perspective, we ended 2020 at 1.2x net debt-to-adjusted EBITDA leverage ratio, which is comfortably below our target maximum of 2.5x.  
 Let's now turn to our outlook. We entered the new year with a strong order backlog and healthy channel inventory levels. We are encouraged by the pickup in demand, primarily from our smaller customers, which includes pent-up demand from those who had paused spending during the peak of the pandemic. This momentum, along with our sales pipeline, positions us well for double-digit sales growth for the first quarter and full year 2021. 
 In Q1, we expect adjusted net sales to increase between 25% and 29%. This outlook assumes a 300 to 350 basis point additive impact from the acquisition of Reflexis and foreign currency changes. We anticipate Q1 adjusted EBITDA margin of slightly higher than 23%, which assumes gross margin expansion and operating expense leverage. Non-GAAP diluted EPS is expected to be in the range of $4.30 to $4.50. 
 For the full year 2021, we anticipate adjusted net sales growth between 10% and 14%, with growth moderating through the year as we cycle more challenging comparisons and navigate a continued uncertain global economic recovery. This outlook assumes approximately 3 percentage points additive impact from the acquisition of Reflexis and foreign currency changes. We anticipate full year 2021 adjusted EBITDA margin between 21% and 22%, which assumes gross margin expansion from the prior year.  
 We expect free cash flow to be at least $700 million for the year. We do not expect to repeat the exceptionally high level of free cash flow conversion that we achieved in 2020. Please reference additional modeling assumptions shown on Slide 8. 
 With that, I will turn the call back to Anders to discuss how we're advancing our Enterprise Asset Intelligence vision in our end markets. 
Anders Gustafsson: Thank you, Nathan. Our team has done a fantastic job executing in a challenging environment. We have strong momentum entering 2021, supported by our order backlog and pipeline of business. We continue to build on our industry-leading offerings by investing in our people, operations and innovation to drive sustainable growth. In 2020, we acquired Reflexis and launched a record number of new products and solutions to ensure that we continue to advance our industry leadership position. 
 Slide 10 highlights how we are building on our foundational capabilities to elevate our value proposition. We are uniquely positioned to solve our customers' complex operational challenges. Our unmatched access to frontline operational data from our vast installed base of products and solutions can be harnessed to gain real-time actionable insights. The result is a more intelligent enterprise, with optimized workflows.  
 Through the pandemic, there has been a dramatic increase in the adoption of omnichannel and online shopping. Retailers need proven solutions to overcome the significant fulfillment challenges posed by this profound behavioral shift. If goods are not delivered or made available for pickup, as promised, the retailer risks losing its shopper to a competitor. To address this issue, retailers have been prioritizing their capital spend in our broad portfolio of solutions with a sense of urgency. 
 We are enabling retailers to generate an unprecedented amount of valuable data captured through mobile computers, point-of-sale systems, RFID and other intelligent automation solutions, all of which are critical to digitizing their operations. Key benefits to the retailer include: better operational visibility and insights; increased employee collaboration and labor productivity, improved inventory accuracy, well-equipped associates with real-time actionable information, and more satisfied customers. 
 Last month, we participated in the National Retail Federation's virtual sessions, where we showcased how Zebra's solutions help retailers deliver a superior omnichannel shopping experience. At one of the sessions, AutoZone explained how our Reflexis workforce and task management solution equipped their associates with highly flexible mobile technology that enables enhanced customer responsiveness and provides insightful data for analytics and reporting. We are proud to enable AutoZone to go the extra mile to delight its shoppers.  
 Now turning to Slide 12. We continue to be excited about our opportunity to help our customers meet their mission-critical needs in an increasingly on-demand economy. As a trusted strategic partner, we orchestrate end-to-end workflows for customers in a variety of end markets. As I mentioned, retailers continue to prioritize investment in our products and solutions to address their omnichannel fulfillment strategies and related warehouse automation needs. 
 In Q4, we secured multi-million dollar orders from a range of e-tailers, mass merchants, grocers, department stores and auto parts retailers. In transportation and logistics, strong e-commerce growth continues to drive parcel volumes, while last-mile on-demand fulfillment has become increasingly important. 
 The Italian Post recently selected our printing and scanning solutions for their 13,000 post offices. Separately, the deployment of our TC7 Series mobile computers to United States Postal Service carriers is on track to resume as expected in late Q1, with a goal of completion in Q3. In health care, the need for increased real-time visibility into the entire patient journey as well as the demand for innovative solutions to provide safe and efficient care continue to make health care, our highest-growth end market opportunity. 
 In Q4, we grew our relationship with one of America's leading health care providers. New acute care applications have made it increasingly important for this customer to equip more of their clinicians with mobile computers. The most recent use case we addressed was COVID drive-through testing with our health care-purposed TC5 Series mobile computers, which seamlessly interfaces with their electronic medical record system.  
 Although the manufacturing sector has been hardest hit in 2020, we are optimistic regarding our prospects of returning to growth soon. We see vibrant opportunity to increase automation in workflows, and we are viewed as a visionary in this market. 
 In Q4, we also secured notable wins beyond our traditional end markets. This included a competitive takeaway win with a leading waste hauler in North America. This customer initiated a multiyear rollout of our ET5 Series tablets, accessories and related services for its dispatch application, which is improving training and productivity among its drivers, dispatchers and supervisors. 
 Another important win was with one of the largest metropolitan police departments in the United States. Using our TC7 Series mobile computers, along with ZQ5 Series mobile printers, they implemented an automated parking citation application that generated enough revenue to cover their technology investment in a matter of months.  
 In closing, we continue to find substantial opportunities in our primary end markets, and we are excited about the emerging prospects we see in newer markets. We are well-positioned for ongoing success as the need to digitize and automate workflows continues to accelerate.  
 Now I'll hand the call back over to Mike. 
Michael Steele: Thanks, Anders. We'll now open the call to Q&A. [Operator Instructions] 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Andrew Buscaglia from Berenberg. 
Andrew Buscaglia: So your guidance -- such a strong Q1 guidance, yet for the full year, it seems conservative. And can you talk about what you're expecting towards -- more towards the back half of the year? Because your guidance implies, maybe for EVM, more low single-digit growth, AIT probably going negative in Q4. What's built into that back half? Any color would be great. 
Anders Gustafsson: First, our industry leadership and our steadfast investments in the -- in our broad solutions is what's enabling us to rebound stronger and, I think, faster than our competitors. So we do expect double-digit growth for Q1, but also for the full year 2021. And obviously, this is a strong rebound from a more challenging 2020. We do feel as confident as ever about our business. 
 We do expect growth across all our regions, verticals and business lines as we look at 2021. But we are a bit more cautious about our -- the assumptions we put into our second half forecast, given the global macro uncertainty that we're facing. And we're also starting to cycle so much tougher comps in Q4. We should also mention that we're not assuming any growth in large deals or large accounts in the second half of 2021. 
Andrew Buscaglia: Okay. And how much of USPS is in the Q1 guide? Because that's such a big guide. And then maybe any other color you can give us on USPS into Q2 and Q3, maybe the percentage that's accounted for per quarter or something? 
Nathan Winters: Yes. So on USPS, the rollout is progressing as we expected. The teams are continuing to be highly engaged. As we noted, the current rollouts around our EMC, the 300,000 TC77s. 
 And the 300,000 rollout, we've paused that since October going into the election and holiday season, and we do expect that to resume in late Q1. And really, a modest impact in our Q1 guide. And then for the full year, we expect USPS about 1 point of our sales growth -- or the USPS growth to account for about 1 point of our full year growth, primarily in the first half of the year. 
Andrew Buscaglia: Okay. So not much -- so that Q1 guide, not much -- that's all pure organic. Very little related to USPS. That's just pure like end market demand. Is it primarily in EVM? Or is it -- or is there sort of a bulky order in AIT, or one or the other? 
Nathan Winters: Yes. So that's correct on USPS, and I'd say broad-based across both segments in Q1. 
Andrew Buscaglia: Both? Okay. All right. 
Anders Gustafsson: Yes, it's been nice to see the business have performed very nicely in Q4 and the outlook for Q1 across all our products and verticals. 
Operator: The next question is from Tommy Moll of Stephens. 
Thomas Moll: Anders, I wanted to start with a follow-up on your retail and e-commerce end markets. And in the second half of last year, maybe most of last year, once the pandemic took hold, it sounded like within those end markets, it was larger customers who were leaning in quicker into some of the omnichannel capabilities that you offer. 
 Then in today's commentary, you indicated that some small customer activity has resumed and looking positive. Maybe some of that's on the printer side, but I'm curious what you could give us on the mid- or smaller-sized customers within those retail and e-comms end markets? Anything changing for the better there? Or any context would be helpful. 
Anders Gustafsson: Yes. First, I'd say that across all the verticals that we play in, we are uniquely positioned to empower front-line workers to perform their duties better and more effectively and with higher customer service, particularly where COVID-19 has helped accelerate some of those secular trends around digitization and automation. So each of our 4 primary verticals had a positive growth trajectory as we entered into 2021, and we're making good progress also in some newer expansion verticals that we talked about in our prepared remarks.  
 Now specifically for retail and e-commerce, I said we saw a step change in consumer adoptions of omnichannel and e-commerce as part of the early phase of COVID. If you look at in-the-store, buy-online, pick-up-at-store and other delivery use-cases, we're growing very rapidly. And in the warehouse, a lot of investments in technology to help automate them are also necessary for retailers to transform their business models. 
 And we're starting to see pilots for our Enterprise Asset Intelligence solutions starting to resume. Another trend that we see in retail is around equipping all associates with a device. That's also very synergistic with our Reflexis workforce and task management solutions, where they work very much hand-in-hand. 
 And the strength we saw around more small and medium-sized businesses was broad-based. It includes retail. Also, e-commerce is probably a little less of smaller companies, there's more large businesses. But the small and medium-sized business strength that we saw especially expand across the 4 verticals that we work in. 
Joachim Heel: Perhaps in addition from my side, Joe Heel speaking, the -- in the depth of the pandemic, in the Q2, Q3 time frame, we saw that the large retail and e-commerce customers have the wherewithal to continue investing and, in fact, charged headlong, if you will, into transforming their businesses. Whereas small and medium-sized customers paused their spending and were a bit cautious. In particular, outside of the U.S., we saw this phenomenon. 
 But we also learned that the solutions that we have, in particular on the printing and scanning side, are essential to these customers. And they ultimately need to come back and refresh those. And that is driving a lot of the pent-up demand that we were seeing in Q4 as they returned to make those essential purchases. 
Thomas Moll: That's very helpful. And Anders, you referenced something I wanted to ask as a follow-up, relating to the proof-of-concept-type pilots that you have with some retailers, where, potentially, all associates in the store have some kind of device. What additional color could you give us there just in terms of what inning we're in, in terms of those pilots, when there might be an opportunity for some larger scale commercialization of that concept? 
 And then I noted, let's see, last month, end of January, you introduced a new mobile computer series at EC5x and the description there sounded like it might be tied to this pilot concept. So I wonder if you could comment on that product innovation as well to the extent it's related. 
Anders Gustafsson: Yes. For our customers to introduce a device for every worker, that's a great opportunity for Zebra, great expansion for us. Our estimate is, today, that in retail, about 1/3 of all store associates are equipped with a device. And I'd say, today, the -- it varies greatly between retailers, how deeply they are penetrated into their associate base with devices. Some are much further along than others. 
 We are -- we have worked to basically expand our portfolio of mobile computing devices to ensure that we have kind of appropriate form factors and price points to enable our customers to take this more deeper into their associate base, and we expect that this will be a continued trend. I'm not sure I expect it to be kind of big step-function changes in behaviors, but more looking to continually add to -- add devices to the store associate base to be able to ensure that they are all connected and able to take advantage of all the other digital tools and solutions that the retailers offer. 
 I don't know, Joe, if you have any? 
Joachim Heel: Yes, I wanted to just point out 2 other things that I think address this question. One, you're right about the release of the EC5, it's EC50 and EC55, which are devices that combine a consumer-like form factor with all of the advantages that we bring to the enterprise Android ecosystem. And so we expect that, that device, in particular, will play a role in this trend of a device [ for all ]. 
 But I also wanted to point out another synergistic part of our strategy, which is the acquisition of Reflexis. Well, Reflexis, as you know, does task and workforce management and, therefore, needs to reach every worker within the enterprise, in particular, of course, retail, which is their dominant vertical. And so, therefore, having a device in the hand of every worker now all of a sudden becomes essential again, and now we're in a great position to meet that demand. 
Operator: The next question is from Jim Ricchiuti of Needham & Company. 
James Ricchiuti: Anders, I wanted to just follow-up on the comment about the second half and the assumptions around large deals. How does that -- you say you're not assuming large deals. How does that compare with prior years because, typically, some of that large deal activity does materialize, I would assume, as you're going through the year? 
Anders Gustafsson: That's correct. We -- I'd say this is more a matter of limited visibility into the second half than it is, that there's a certainty that there won't be growth in larger deals. I think this is similar to how we generally, I think, forecast our years. So yes. 
James Ricchiuti: Okay. And I wonder if you could -- my follow-up question is just regarding component constraints. We're hearing throughout the supply chain tightness in semiconductor components. And I'm wondering to what extent that's impacting you guys as you think about your supply chain? 
Anders Gustafsson: Yes. We've definitely seen the lead times extending. And -- but our team is working diligently, and I think we are on top of it. We have incorporated whatever visibility we have to extended lead times for our semiconductors and other components into our outlook also, particularly for the second half. 
Operator: The next question is from Meta Marshall with Morgan Stanley. 
Meta Marshall: Great. I guess I just wanted to dig into how you guys are thinking about gross margins into Q1 and into 2021. Clearly, you guys saw a pickup in kind of your smaller customers, which would have helped gross margins in Q4. You clearly have some large deals and still some kind of overhang from freight as you head through 2021. 
 So just how we should be thinking of the progression of gross margins through 2021? And then maybe just as a second question, just given the kind of very healthy cash flow that you guys saw in 2020 and kind of the continuation of that into 2021, how do you guys kind of think about balance sheet prioritization currently? 
Nathan Winters: Yes. So if you look at our full year guide, EBITDA of 21% to 22%. We expect gross margin to improve year-on-year, primarily due to the order size mix normalizing, which we saw in Q4 and implied in our Q1 guide. We do expect premium freight costs to persist around $30 million to $40 million, yet declining in the second half as air travel returns. 
 And within the full year guide, we do expect OpEx to increase as a percent of sales once you include a full year of Reflexis as well as the majority of our spend returning post-COVID, including incentive compensation and travel, particularly in the second half. I also think it's worth noting when you look at the full year EBITDA guide, Reflexis, as we stated, is going to be a dollar-neutral year, yet slightly dilutive given the investments in go-to-market and the platform. Then we do expect that to scale over time. 
 On your second question, if you look at free cash flow, $895 million, a strong finish to the year, really around improved core working capital performance, particularly in AR. We saw very strong collection activity and some early timing at the end of the year as well as our Q4 sales were front-loaded, driving some of the benefit. As well as small incremental AR factoring, lower taxes, interest expense and incentive comp kind of driving the year-on-year beat. So when we look at -- for 2021, we do expect it to decline, but primarily due to just the exceptional 2020 performance and really more normalizing the free cash flow conversion rate over the 2-year period. 
Operator: The next question is from Paul Coster of JPMorgan. 
Paul Coster: I'm just wondering if we are at the sort of inflection point for the company in terms of the sort of mix shift and margin outlook. As the AIT business sort of comes back a bit, will be a bit driven by the smaller accounts here, obviously, has higher margins. But you've also got the software and services business growing faster. 
 As far as I can figure it out here, you're probably seeing in excess of 50% growth for the Reflexis business, which has, what, 20 percentage points higher gross margins than the rest of the business. So it sort of feels to me like we're heading towards a new margin structure over the next 3 or 4 years. Can you comment on that? 
Anders Gustafsson: The margin structure or more on the business inflection, generally? 
Paul Coster: Well, not -- yes, the margin, I guess it's related, obviously, Anders. But are gross margins going to be expanding from here on out? And is the business mix, I suppose, going to be permanently changing here? 
Anders Gustafsson: Yes. Okay. I think Nate is best positioned to answer that. 
Nathan Winters: Yes, Paul. So if we look at margin and margin expansion over time, we do believe we can go higher, and we have many levers to achieve that. I think, as you mentioned, scaling some of the newer markets with richer gross margin, Reflexis being one of those proof points. 
 We always continue to focus on driving higher gross margin and productivity through all of our operational efficiencies across the business. And we've had a track record of doing that and driving profitable growth. And we do expect EBITDA margins to get back to the pre-pandemic levels in '21, and we really don't see any reason that, that should be constrained as we move forward in terms of continued expansion. 
Paul Coster: I guess I'm not asking my question very well. But with the -- is there going to be a mix shift towards AIT and service and software? And will that drive up the margins structurally over the long-term, not just to pre-pandemic levels, but to sort of almost pre-MSI acquisition levels? 
Anders Gustafsson: Yes. I'd say, first, maybe think about the business around our core near adjacencies and around the Enterprise Asset Intelligence or Intelligent Edge Solutions, so more the newer stuff. I do believe that our core business, AIT printing and scanning side, including services, are very healthy, good shape, and I expect them to continue to grow at a nice rate over the longer term. 
 I don't expect printing to kind of break out from the pack here. Printing has been a bit more up and down over the last year. So we have probably a little bit more of a pent-up demand in printing solutions than we had in some of the other solutions. 
 But if you look into our -- the Enterprise Asset Intelligence vision that we have in the Intelligent Edge Solutions, I do expect our software assets and some of our more intelligent automation solutions to grow faster than the company average from a gross margin perspective and, obviously, scale will help us here. But also as we invest in some of the newer solutions, we will -- there will be a kind of investment phase first, and then we will see margins expanding, we believe, quite nicely once revenue is starting to grow. Does that answer your question? 
Paul Coster: Yes. Yes, it does. So just one in passing, on the -- with respect to Reflexis, am I right that it's posting more than 50% compound growth at the moment? And can you just comment on the growth rate for Temptime as well? 
Anders Gustafsson: So we aren't commenting on the specific growth rates that they have. But Reflexis has been growing at a nice double-digit growth rates for the last several years, and we have high expectations that will continue to do that and that it will also help accelerate some of our other -- growth of some of our other software assets that will be benefiting from being associated with and incorporated into the Reflexis platform. And Temptime has had a nice growth over the last few years. And we do see this year the opportunity to accelerate growth as we support COVID-19 vaccine rollouts, also distribution. So we do expect a double-digit growth for our Temptime business as well. 
Operator: The next question is from Joe Aiken of William Blair. 
Joseph Aiken: This is Joe on for Brian today. I want to start -- you mentioned in the prepared remarks some wins beyond your traditional end markets. I think you mentioned a waste hauler in particular. I was wondering if you can maybe just provide a little more color. Any context around what brought you into that win? And maybe what the opportunity is in some different nontraditional end markets that you're seeing and how meaningful that could be going forward? 
Anders Gustafsson: Yes. I can start with this, and then Joe can also provide some extra color here. But as we have made -- maybe -- so first of all, on the product side, we've invested in addressing some of the use cases that we see in some of these new emerging verticals, government, utilities and so forth. But also, we made meaningful go-to-market investments. 
 And we can say they probably started with our acquisition of Xplore. But then we've tweaked our other products to also address these use cases more. So it's been a big focus of ours and investment of ours over the last several years to make sure we position ourselves for this. And we now have a portfolio of solutions and partners that can help us get into these opportunities and win them. Joe? 
Joachim Heel: Yes. I would only add that the end markets that have shown some particular promise  are government, both federal and state and local as well as the broader -- so service industry, where the waste hauling example fits in. The Xplore acquisition, where Xplore has a strong market, the rugged tablets are a strong product offering into those markets, has been instrumental in leading us there. 
 But it also has been something we've been pursuing for some time, but it does take some time to build up the channel infrastructure as well as fine-tune the product offering and hire the appropriate type of dedicated and expert sales reps who can operate in those verticals. And we feel we now have that in place, and it's beginning to pay off. 
Joseph Aiken: Great. That's really helpful. And I know, on some past calls, you've talked about the transition to Android on the mobile devices in the past and the benefit you're seeing from that. Is that transition largely over at this point? And maybe just to put a finer point on that, what percentage of devices do you estimate that you're shipping today are running Microsoft operating system? 
Anders Gustafsson: Yes. First, around our mobile computing platform, overall, we saw solid growth in Q4. We did benefit from a recovery in the small and medium-sized business segment there also. There's 3 trends that I think are worth highlighting. The Android transition is one of those, but I'll start with new use cases. 
 We talked earlier about the second trend, which was around -- worth putting a device in the hand of every worker. But the use cases that's probably been the biggest driver, think about the omnichannel and retail. Health care is a newer vertical, which largely is new use cases. And then the third trend around the Android transition. We still have lots of momentum around the Android transition and a lot of opportunity left in that. 
 We have -- our market share in Android is still around 60%, but Android now makes up about 80% of our mobile computing sales. We've often talked about the transition from -- transitioning older legacy Windows devices to Android. But today, I think the opportunity to refresh existing installed older Android devices is actually bigger. 
 Our estimate is that they're now low double-digit millions of Android devices in the market with a somewhat shorter refresh cycle than the old Windows devices used to have, and which we expect that there's about a high single-digit million Windows devices out there. So it's more of a balanced perspective, and we certainly like to get both of those. And -- but Android has been a great catalyst for growth for us. 
Operator: Next question is from Richard Eastman of Robert W. Baird. 
Richard Eastman: Just a quick question. Could you tell us -- the China tariff rebate impacted gross profit margin, did that impact the EVM margin? Was that solely confined to EVM? 
Nathan Winters: It was -- thanks for the question. So out of the $12 million, $8 million was associated with EVM, and then $4 million was for AIT in the fourth quarter. 
Richard Eastman: Okay, okay. Yes, in Q4? Okay. And then just a question around maybe the balance that you saw in your go-to-market. So for all of '20, can you just kind of tell us how the direct business did relative to the channel? I'm just thinking sales growth or decline? 
Anders Gustafsson: Yes. I can start, and then Joe can provide some additional color also. Our direct business obviously did very well because we had a strong large deal activity, but also a lot of the larger customers that we worked with, we have been supporting through channel partners. 
 So our channel centricity, so that's how much of our revenues go through channel partners, was actually, I think, at an all-time high in Q3 or Q4. So we have maintained a high degree of channel centricity in the business. Joe? 
Joachim Heel: Yes, exactly. I mean our strategy has been and will be to be a channel-first go-to-market approach. And I think that's paid off very well for us here in the pandemic because the strong relationships with our partners have been instrumental in helping us recover faster, and we're seeing that in particular in the run rate. 
 But as Anders said, a large -- if you recall, the contribution of large deals made to our second half, in particular, it's remarkable that the channel centricity, percentage of business going through the channel, has expanded in light of that, right? And that is part of our strategy. 
Richard Eastman: When you speak to some of the smaller and medium customers, is that visibility coming through from the VARs? I mean, again, we speak about the channel, but we obviously put distribution in there versus the VARs. 
 And I guess my question is, what's the visibility on the VARs in the smaller and medium-sized customers rebounding in '21? Do you have that visibility either in orders? Or is it kind of frontlog and conversation with VARs or... 
Joachim Heel: Well, so we rarely have visibility to the specific individualized orders on small and medium businesses, right? We have the distribution and channel in between. But what we know is that our distributors have a very strong outlook for the upcoming quarters, at least, and are ordering strongly with us. 
 As we indicated, our order volumes have been strong. And that's, I think, a reflection of that optimism that our distributors are feeling, in particular, also from SMB customers. 
Richard Eastman: I see. So when you look into '21 -- I'm really, really trying to get at is, obviously, the gross profit margin assumption, as Nate pointed out, is higher in '21. And is the mix of end-customers there from small to medium? Obviously, you mentioned large orders in the back half of the year, you're a little cautious there. But is that mix supporting that upward migration in the gross margin when you think about '21? 
Anders Gustafsson: Yes. We expect to have a more traditional mix of business in 2021 than we had in 2020, where, for Q2 and Q3, particularly, large deals were kind of overrepresented. And we do -- as Joe said, we -- our visibility around individual smaller deals are not great, but we are -- our channel account managers do meet with our channel partners and work on forecasts and looking at specific deals and what support they need from us and so forth. So we do have some level of visibility. But obviously, the further out in time you go, the less clear that visibility is. 
Richard Eastman: Yes, I understand. And just staying on this gross margin for 1 more second. From a pricing perspective, what's the assumption going into '21? Do we -- are we able to capture enough price to recover some of the COGS inflation that we're seeing in the business? I mean it would appear so, but is there any price increase, a net price increase that you might expect? Or is it mainly kind of net pricing? 
Anders Gustafsson: So maybe, first, I think, when you talk about COGS increase, is that the freight charges you're referring to? Or... 
Richard Eastman: Yes, so there's freight charges and just any other cost inflation in the supply chain, in your supply chain. 
Anders Gustafsson: Yes. I think we -- we don't modify our pricing based on what we believe to be a temporary cost inflation for freight. But we do have a lot of analytics and thoughts around our overall price points and where the market is. And we do always strive to get a premium for our brand. 
 So pricing and margin is obviously a very strong focus that we have across the company. But we haven't necessarily gone and changed our price list because of this. Joe, if you want to add anything to that? 
Joachim Heel: Well, yes, maybe another way to think about this is, if you looked back at 2020, the mix of our business, in terms of small versus large, was skewed towards the large, right? Because as I said, the small -- yes, so there was a pause in purchasing from the small that resumed towards the end. 
 But in the long-term analysis, small was down relative to the long-term average. In 2021, we expect that, that mix will return closer to normal and, therefore, simply because of the mix effects, we think that the average price points would normalize as well as a result of that, right? That is an effect. 
Operator: The next question is from Keith Housum of Northcoast Research. 
Keith Housum: Congratulations on a good quarter and good guidance. Just trying to unpack the printer growth a little bit more. Can you help me understand that, in terms of that growth, is a substantial part of that growth being driven by not only the SMBs, but also growth in the supplies business as well? 
Anders Gustafsson: Yes. We had, obviously, great growth in both printing and supplies. Both printing and supplies were up double-digits in the quarter. Our printing business is up across the portfolio. We did, I think, benefit from some pent-up demand, particularly in EMEA. Remember, EMEA also was hit harder early on in the pandemic. So there was probably a little bit more of a rebound to be had there. 
 I'd also say, though, that we have, early in 2020, we took a number of actions to strengthen our go-to-market and strengthen our channel ecosystem, particularly around printing. And I think that is now bearing fruit for us also. So we are more competitive, and that's helping to accelerate our share gains in printing, specifically. 
 But we did see our business through -- or our smaller business -- small and mid-sized business recover quite nicely. We recovered faster than we had expected. I think it's fair to say, in Q4, manufacturing has been a relatively light vertical. We have a much -- strong vertical for printing, generally, but lighter over the last year, but that was also coming back and strengthening. And RFID was actually a very strong quarter for printing. I think it was a record quarter for print RFID.  
 And then on supplies, we did see a strong performance in supplies, particularly in North America. And Temptime also had a strong fourth quarter. But overall, though, I'd say that we have a very strong portfolio of smart and connected printers that have an unrivaled manageability through our Link-OS operating system, and that is a true differentiator in the market. 
Keith Housum: Okay, appreciate it. And then just a follow-up, I think a comment made earlier during the Q&A, and I think the commentary was that the U.S. Postal Service will contribute about 1% growth for the year, with most of that coming in the first half, but I also heard you guys say that it's going to be only very modest for the first quarter. 
 So that could imply, if my -- if my math is right, that you guys could have a $400 million contribution in the second quarter from the U.S. Postal Service? Is that right, and does that include, I guess, ancillary projects as well as the main 300,000 devices being fulfilled? 
Nathan Winters: Yes. So if you look at the USPS for the year, regarding the size of the rollout, I think if you look at the 300,000 printers and what we expect to deliver in the -- throughout 2021, I think you can -- you really do the implication of we're selling about 2 million mobile computers annually. And that can help you infer in terms of an average price range. I think the number you have for Q2 is a little bit higher than what we'd anticipate in terms of the full year implied guide. 
Anders Gustafsson: Yes. Remember, we've talked about earlier, the total volume of mobile computers for USPS, this contract is about 300,000 over 2 years. 
Keith Housum: Understood. Understood. Yes. Just doing the math there, I guess, that $400 million, roughly, I understand it might be a little bit high. It seems a little bit more than a lot of us were assuming for the entire value of the contract. And we realize you guys fulfilled some last year as well as what you'll fulfill this year. So it seems, again, perhaps higher than what a lot of us were assuming. 
Anders Gustafsson: Yes. As I said, I think the best way for you to think about USPS this year is the 1% of our growth in 2021 is coming from growth of our USPS business. And I wouldn't say Q2 is the only quarter, but Q1 will start ramping up towards the end of Q1, but Q2, Q3 will certainly be part of it. 
Keith Housum: Oh, it's 1% of your growth, not 1% of your business? Okay. Got it. 
Joachim Heel: Correct. Yes. 
Anders Gustafsson: Yes, yes. 1% of our growth, yes. 
Operator: The next question is from Blake Gendron of Wolfe Research. 
Blake Gendron: I want to follow-up there with some of the growth commentary. So 
 [Audio Gap]
 Dollar impact from what you would consider pent-up demand to be greater or less than 4Q? And do you expect some pent-up demand follow-through into the second quarter? And I guess, longer term, I mean, are we going to see this pent-up demand idiosyncrasy show up in subsequent years just based on the replacement cycle? Or is it going to normalize fairly quickly as we recover here on the pandemic? 
Anders Gustafsson: Well, yes, the pent-up demand concept is a little hard to get -- be overly specific about the impact of it. But I'd say that, starting with our products and solutions, are now mission-critical for our enterprise customers, and they need that to compete effectively in their on-demand economy. The sales to our larger companies, larger customers that we talked about in an earlier question, remained strong. 
 And they have prioritized spend with us to better position themselves to address the newer automation and digitization trends like omnichannel, as an example. And I'd say our larger customers who are better positioned to pivot their businesses early in the pandemic, to align with how consumers wanted to behave how the economy was working at that point, while smaller customers had to kind of pause spending or certainly cut back on it.  
 But I think, now, we see the smaller companies coming back and other customers are also realizing that they need to invest in order to compete. Competing in the same way they did prior to COVID is not necessarily going to be a successful formula. And I think that part of this is also that we have been able to execute very well during the pandemic, and we've been able to gain share. Our supply chain has shown great agility to be able to respond to customers that quickly want to ramp up their order volumes, and I think we were able to do that well and seize some opportunities that way. 
 So we have been realizing some good demand from this pent-up demand, you can say, which helped us in Q4, and I expect it to help us in Q1 here also. But more broadly, though, as we look forward, we are very excited about the business overall and the growth prospects that we have not just in Q4, Q1, but the longer term, based on our ability to help our customers digitize and automate their businesses. 
Nathan Winters: Yes. And Blake, just to add, this is Nathan. It's obviously, as Anders mentioned, a tough one to quantify. If you look at our Q1 guide, we kind of think of the pent-up demand is likely contributing low double-digit growth on top of mid-teen growth from what you can say is our normal growth rates the impact of acquisitions, FX, as well as cycling from a comp perspective versus last year, where we had -- we started to feel the impacts of COVID late in Q1 last year. 
Blake Gendron: Yes, that's helpful. I understand it's tough to quantify and disaggregate everything. But the longer-term growth outlook is kind of what I was getting at, and that's constructive. 
 My follow-up is on EVM. I'm just wondering, over the last, call it, 12 months or through the pandemic, what the growth of existing customers is with EVM versus new customer wins? How you see that evolving, I guess, here over 2021 and beyond? And is there any major margin difference between one or the other? Or should we think about EVM kind of along the same lines and delineate large versus small customers in terms of margin difference? 
Anders Gustafsson: Yes. I'd start by saying, new customers -- if you're looking for kind of brand-new customers that haven't done any business with us, it's rare that we have those because most companies are doing some level of business with us. So it's probably more that we have new awards or new use cases with those customers. Again, it's -- we can only -- we really only have visibility into that for our larger customers. And I think we've had a good healthy clip of new customers, and I expect that we will continue to add new use cases, new applications. 
 If you look at our portfolio of solutions, we've invested meaningfully to ensure we can expand the number of use cases that help address our customers' most pressing problems. So we feel good about our competitive positioning and our ability to win some of these new use cases. They may not necessarily be brand-new customers, but they're brand-new use-cases. 
 Joe, I don't know if you have any comments? 
Joachim Heel: Yes. I mean I would add, I mean, to your point about is there a big margin difference between the 2, I would say, not noticeably. The new customers that we are able to acquire, so ones that were previously competitor customers, there have been meaningful ones, of course, right? 
 I mean, USPS is one example of those that was in the last 12 months. But they do range from the small to the large and, therefore, I would expect, without having done the analysis, that there isn't a meaningful margin difference between the 2. 
Blake Gendron: That's very helpful. One more, if I can sneak it in here. Your balance sheet is in great shape. I wonder if you could just level set the capital allocation thoughts here, and maybe update us on the M&A pipeline? 
Nathan Winters: Yes. I'll start. We ended the year at 1.2x net debt-to-adjusted EBITDA, which is below our 2.5x target maximum. Our priority remains organic and inorganic investment in the business, and we're excited about the opportunities we see both of those -- in both of those areas. We do have our share repurchase, and we believe that's a flexible way to return capital. And we'll remain opportunistic in that approach, which is evidenced by our $200 million repurchased in 2020, and we'll continue that into this year. 
Anders Gustafsson: You know,  on M&A, we're certainly very excited about the outlook for our business. And M&A is a -- we think of it as a growth vector for the business. We think of M&A as a way for us to accelerate the execution on our Enterprise Asset Intelligence vision. So it's not a stand-alone growth driver. It is something that we think about how -- and a way for us to accelerate the execution on our vision. 
 We're targeting, I'd say, select bolt-on acquisitions as well as higher-growth acquisitions that can truly help move our Enterprise Asset Intelligence vision forward. We see good opportunities in digitizing and automating supply chains and different workflows. And we -- as Nate talked about, we have a strong balance sheet that can support that. 
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Gustafsson for closing remarks. 
Anders Gustafsson: Yes. To wrap up, I would like to thank our employees and partners for our exceptional Q4 results and a strong start to 2021. And as we continue to navigate the pandemic, our top priority continues to be protecting the health and well-being of our employees, partners and customers. So stay safe, everyone. 
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-11-03 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Third Quarter 2020 Zebra Technologies Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note, this event is being recorded. I now like to turn the conference over to Mike Steele, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead. 
Michael Steele: Good morning, and welcome to Zebra's Third Quarter Conference Call. This presentation is being simulcast on our website at investors.zebra.com and will be archived there for at least 1 year.
 Slide 2 conveys that the forward-looking statements we make today are based on current expectations and assumptions and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially due to factors discussed in our SEC filings.  
 During this call, we will reference non-GAAP financial measures as we describe our business performance. You can find reconciliations at the end of the slide presentation and in today's earnings press release.  
 Throughout this presentation, unless otherwise indicated, our references to sales growth are year-over-year on a constant currency basis and exclude results from recently acquired businesses for the 12 months following each acquisition.  
 This presentation will include prepared remarks from Anders Gustafsson, our Chief Executive Officer; and Nathan Winters, our acting Chief Financial Officer. Anders will begin with our third quarter results, then Nathan will provide additional detail on the financials and discuss our fourth quarter outlook. Anders will conclude with progress on advancing our Enterprise Asset Intelligence vision and trends in our end markets. Following the prepared remarks, Joe Heel, our Senior Vice President of Global Sales, will join us as we take your questions.  
 Now let's flip to Slide 4 as I turn the call over to Anders. 
Anders Gustafsson: Thank you, Mike. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. We are honored that our solutions are empowering frontline workers in the battle against COVID-19. I am proud of our employees' resiliency and focus on serving our customers' critical needs during these challenging times. Our top priority continues to be protecting the health and well-being of our employees, customers and partners as businesses continue to progress with their reopening plans.  
 In Q3, our results continued to be pressured by the global macro environment. For the quarter, we realized net sales growth of 30 basis points; adjusted EBITDA margin of 20.3%, which contracted by 240 basis points; and non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $3.27, a 5% decrease from the prior year.  
 As a result of excellent execution by our teams and a faster than expected recovery in demand, each of these measures exceeded our outlook. Demand from our large strategic customers has been at record levels, driven by accelerated trends to digitize and automate workflows. Not surprisingly, the pandemic has disproportionately impacted our smaller customers in certain end markets, which has resulted in a significant shift in business mix. Together with premium shipping costs, this has weighed on gross margin. In light of this pressure, we have continued to diligently manage discretionary costs to preserve profitability and cash flow.  
 Despite the challenging environment, our enterprise customers have been prioritizing spend with Zebra, and I would like to highlight some notable Q3 success stories. We expanded our relationship with a leading e-commerce retailer experiencing significantly increased order volumes. They require trusted technology solutions that enable improved supply chain and order fulfillment execution to empower their labor force. We are deploying our mobile computing, scanning and printing solutions across their growing global footprint. Innovation, quality and value are critical partner attributes cited by this customer, and we are proud that our team is delivering to their high standards.  
 The hospital system in Denmark has chosen to replace a competitor with our clinical point-of-care solution. In Q3, they began a multi-quarter deployment of our health care-purposed TC5 Series mobile computers and accessories, which will interface seamlessly with their electronic medical health record system. We have continued to deploy TC7 Series mobile computers to USPS postal carriers as planned and are now pausing through their peak holiday season, expecting to resume in late Q1 with the goal of completion by mid-Q3.  
 We are proud that we are able to help our customers meet their mission-critical needs in an increasingly on-demand economy. We continue to view acquisitions as a vector of profitable growth for Zebra and a way to elevate our role as a solutions provider. In early September, we closed on the Reflexis acquisition. In a few minutes, I'll elaborate on how this acquisition is synergistic to our offering. 
 With that, I will now turn the call over to Nathan to review our Q3 financial results and discuss our Q4 outlook. 
Nathan Winters: Thank you, Anders. Let's start with the P&L on Slide 6. Net sales increased 30 basis points before the modest net impact of currencies and acquisitions. As Anders mentioned, large order volume was much stronger than the prior year. This was offset by a decline in small and midsized business through the channel, which disproportionately impacted printing and data capture. Our Enterprise Visibility & Mobility segment sales increased 4%, driven by solid growth in mobile computing and services. Our Asset Intelligence & Tracking, including printing and supplies, continue to be most impacted by the global recessionary environment with sales decreasing 7% from the prior year. This was a notable 18-point sequential improvement from the Q2 decline. 
 We realized solid growth in our managed and professional services and Zebra retail solutions. Location solutions declined from last year due to lower project activity during the pandemic. We realized significant sequential improvement in each of our regions from Q2 as we continue to recover from the peak of the pandemic. In North America, sales increased 6%. Mobile computing and data capture returned to solid growth, and services continued to perform well. 
 EMEA sales were flat. Services and mobile computing were bright spots. We also continued to see strength in Central and Northern Europe. Sales in our Asia Pacific region declined 13%. China was a bright spot, returning to modest growth. Latin America sales declined 20% with all major product and service categories declining.  
 Adjusted gross margin contracted 390 basis points to 43.8% driven primarily by more than 3 points from unfavorable business mix and nearly 1 point from premium freight cost, which was partially offset by improved services margin. Underlying margin trends across the business, excluding mix dynamics, remain healthy. Adjusted operating expenses declined $17 million from the prior year period and improved 150 basis points as a percentage of sales. This improvement was primarily due to disciplined cost management and lower compensation expense while preserving our planned investments in the business.  
 Third quarter adjusted EBITDA margin was 20.3%, a 240 basis points decrease from the prior year period, driven entirely by lower gross margin. We drove non-GAAP earnings per diluted share of $3.27, a $0.16 or 5% year-over-year decrease.  
 Turning now to the balance sheet and cash flow highlights on Slide 7. We generated $482 million of free cash flow in the first 9 months of 2020. This was $106 million higher than the prior year period, primarily due to a lower use of working capital as well as our expanded accounts receivable factoring program.  
 Our balance sheet is strong. From a debt leverage perspective, we ended Q3 at a comfortable 1.8x net debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio, 0.5x higher than last quarter, due to financing the acquisition of Reflexis.  
 Now turning to Slide 8. We have demonstrated that we can deliver solid results in a challenging economic environment while continuing to invest in our future. Our consistently strong free cash flow generation is driven by our capital-light business model, flexible cost structure, diversified end markets, strong execution and disciplined cost management.  
 Let's now turn to our outlook. We are encouraged by the faster-than-expected recovery with small and midsized businesses and are beginning to realize the benefit of pent-up demand from many customers who have paused their spending earlier in the year. Based on these trends and our healthy channel inventory levels, we expect Q4 adjusted net sales to increase between 3% and 7%. This outlook assumes an approximately 150 basis point additive impact from the acquisition of Reflexis and a neutral impact from foreign currency changes. 
 We believe Q4 adjusted EBITDA margin will be between 21% and 22%, which assumes modest operating expense leverage from the prior year. Gross margin is expected to be slightly lower than last year, reflecting higher large order mix in a soft but improving macro environment as well as an offsetting year-on-year impacts of premium freight and tariff expense. Non-GAAP diluted EPS is expected to be in the range of $3.70 to $3.90.  
 You can see other modeling assumptions on Slide 9. Note that we now expect free cash flow to be at least $650 million for the year, which is higher than 2019.  
 With that, I will turn the call back to Anders to discuss how Reflexis is synergistic with our Enterprise Asset Intelligence vision as well as trends in our end markets. 
Anders Gustafsson: Thank you, Nathan. Slide 11 highlights how we are building on our foundational capabilities to elevate our value proposition with customers as a solutions provider. Our unmatched access to frontline operational data from our vast installed base of products uniquely positions us to solve our customers' complex challenges at the edge. 
 We are investing in emerging technologies that help our customers better orchestrate their workflows by leveraging real-time data to gain actionable insights. We are excited to have Reflexis onboard, which further helps Zebra bring our Enterprise Asset Intelligence vision to life for retailers and other end markets.  
 Reflexis is a demonstrated leader in intelligent workforce management and task execution. Their platform is utilized by hundreds of retailers around the globe to drive employee productivity and retention while also improving customer engagement. Reflexis is synergistic with our existing suite of solutions as a service. 
 As you can see on Slide 12, these include: SmartCount, which is an innovative self scan and physical inventory management solution; our SmartSite robotic solution, which uses automated intelligence to help identify issues on the store shelf in real time; our Workforce Connect data and voice communication and collaboration application for mobile workers; and Zebra Prescriptive Analytics, which provides data-driven insights and a prioritized list of prescriptive actions that help maximize efficiency and reduce shrinkage. 
 Zebra's suite of solutions work in unison with our product portfolio to provide real-time contextual tasking. This capability is critical for successfully addressing the inevitable unplanned events that occur throughout the workday. Over the next few quarters, we will continue to invest in the seamless integration of Reflexis' market-leading platform with our complementary software offerings to optimize the experience for frontline workers. We are also investing in our go-to-market efforts to drive accelerated traction with our unmatched suite of solutions. We believe that our enterprise customers will realize a compelling ROI by empowering all of their associates with these solutions.  
 On Slide 13, we provide an update regarding the mixed impacts we are currently seeing in the primary vertical markets that we serve. We also highlight the exciting longer-term opportunities in our end markets as customers invest in our technology in an increasingly on-demand economy. Trends are improving since our last quarterly update, although it is still a mixed picture depending on the sector.  
 In health care, our solutions helped hospitals intelligently flex their capacity to serve patients. There was a pause in noncritical care during the peak of the pandemic, straining the budgets of health service providers, which is changing now that elective procedures are assuming. Longer term, the need for increased real-time visibility into the entire patient journey and the demand for innovative solutions to provide safe and efficient care continue to make health care a high-growth end market opportunity.  
 Retailers are prioritizing investment in our technology for their complex omnichannel fulfillment strategies and related warehouse automation needs. Demand from large retailers is at record levels as e-commerce and buy online-initiated transactions have increased dramatically through the pandemic. We have also begun to resume business with many department stores and specialty retailers that have been reopening their doors.  
 In the transportation and logistics space, strong e-commerce growth continues to drive parcel volumes and last-mile delivery, which is favorable to Zebra. Passenger airlines, rental car providers and other related businesses remained challenged. The manufacturing sector continues to be most impacted with COVID-19 and global trade tensions. Key segments within process manufacturing, such as food and pharmaceutical companies, have held up relatively well, continuing to operate through the pandemic. We've seen mixed trends in discrete manufacturing with those in aviation and discretionary specialty goods, particularly challenged, a bright spot is our solid recovery in Chinese manufacturing.  
 In closing, we are successfully navigating through this challenging environment while we continue to invest in advancing our Enterprise Asset Intelligence vision. This is enabling Zebra to emerge from this crisis in a stronger competitive position. We also believe that our longer-term prospects are strengthening as secular trends to digitize and automate workflows have accelerated.  
 Now I'll hand the call back over to Mike. 
Michael Steele: Thanks, Anders. We'll now open the call to Q&A. [Operator Instructions] 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from Tommy Moll with Stephens. 
Thomas Moll: Anders, I wanted to start on the Reflexis deal. Could you articulate for us how important integrating software as part of your revenue mix will be going forward? And what are some of the strategic rationales? In other words, what does that allow you to do in terms of increasing stickiness with the customer relationship? What are the other advantages it brings to Zebra? 
 And then as a related point, as you do head into more software-driven sales, should we think about that market as one that's more competitive than where you've traditionally competed? Or how do you want to frame up the competitive dynamics there? 
Anders Gustafsson: Yes. That's good. I'll start, and then I'll ask Joe Heel to help out also. First, just -- Reflexis is a great company. We're very excited that it's part of our portfolio, part of the Zebra family here now. I mean it's been a demonstrated leader in intelligent workforce management and task execution for many years, and it's been deployed by hundreds of retailers around the globe to help drive employee productivity and retention. 
 And many, many of those customers are common to Zebra and to -- also to our Zebra Prescriptive Analytics solution. So when we look at Reflexis and Zebra Prescriptive Analytics and other software solutions we have, we see them as being very synergistic with our overall solution. 
 If you think of our framework around Sense, Analyze and Act, I think that's probably the easiest way maybe to show how we think about creating more complete solutions for our product customers. But we have had historically a great strength around the sense and some in the analyze part, but being able to sense what's happening in the physical world has been kind of our foundation. 
 But over the last few years, we have expanded our capabilities around the analyze and the act side quite a bit, and both Zebra Prescriptive Analytics and Reflexis are examples of that. And now when we -- prior to actually the acquisition of Reflexis, we had a number of customers ask us to do more tight integration between Zebra Prescriptive Analytics and Reflexis. They felt that, that would be something that would help get more value out of those investments. 
 Zebra Prescriptive Analytics is going to continue to feed actions into Reflexis' action engine to help combine all the different actions that the retailer might do in a prioritized way. And then we look and leverage our other software assets like Workforce Connect to be able to let it all tie it back into our mobile computers. So our store associates can either scan items in the store or enter other data that can be fed into ZPA or into Reflexis but also then be receiving updates or actions from that so that the Reflexis system can deliver even greater value by being able to do that.  
 And for Zebra as a whole, with our suite of solutions as a service, we can become more strategic to our customers. We can start enabling them to address more complete workflows. And by that, we can increase the ROI of our overall solutions and be a more strategic thought partner as they think about how they develop their business. So we definitely feel that this is a very compelling path for us and very excited about what we can do with this. Joe, you want to add something? 
Joachim Heel: Yes. Perhaps I'll underline two things that you touched on. One is the fact that we're synergistic, not just on the product level, as Anders described, how we think we can bring together the different product capabilities we have, but certainly also on a go-to-market and sales level, where we have a very strong share in the retail market already, and bringing Reflexis to those retail customers is immediate cross-sell opportunity that we have. 
 We're actually discovering that it also works the other way around. That Reflexis has some customers that they can bring us into and cross-sell that way. And that leads into the strategic opportunity that Anders described, right, which is -- Reflexis generally has a strong presence in the operations side of retailers. And this now gives us an opportunity to solve their problem strategically. And this perhaps also addresses the second part of your question around do we see this as a more competitive space. 
 Certainly, there are different competitors in the pure workflow software area. However, none of them have the capability that we have to bring together the Sense-Analyze-Act part of the EAI vision and to solve the problem holistically. So we look at this as a space where we can now differentiate ourselves actually from both the traditional competitors that we had and the competitors that Reflexis currently has. 
Anders Gustafsson: Just to round out, say, I've been on the phone with many of the largest customers of Reflexis over the last month or 2, and I'd say that, formally, they are very excited about the combination. They are passionate about the Reflexis solution, but they also see the value that a combination with Zebra and the extra resources we can have and how -- our vision for how we can continue to add value to their operations. So I think so far, it's been a great feedback from the market and from our customers. 
Thomas Moll: That's all very helpful. As a follow-up, I wanted to shift to some of the end market commentary you offered, Anders, specifically within retail and e-comm. It just sounds like some of the larger customers have accelerated their plans for the omnichannel integration or leaning into their e-commerce platforms. So 2 related questions. 
 How durable do you see that trend being -- or maybe you could frame up qualitatively, if not quantitatively, how far ahead you think your current backlog gives you visibility into maintaining a robust pace of sales? 
 And then moving to the smaller customers or potential new smaller customers, are you seeing anything -- not even in terms of order trends, just interest level that suggests that maybe the playing field here has expanded? If you just look around the retail landscape, they're a lot more engaged in omnichannel or talking about it at least now than there were a year ago. So I just wonder if maybe there's a TAM aspect to this dynamic as well where it's shifted in your favor? 
Anders Gustafsson: Yes. I'll start, and then I'll ask Joe to add a little bit of color to it also. First, I think in this environment, our solutions have become even more critical for our customers. We are, I'd say, uniquely positioned to empower frontline workers across all our vertical end markets. And COVID-19 has been accelerating a number of secular trends around digitization and automation, and it's probably most apparent in retail around e-commerce, around omnichannel and buy online pick up at store. 
 Here, we've seen, particularly around mass merchants, grocers and e-tailers, that they have been the most -- the quickest, I guess, to pick up on this, and that's about 2/3 of our business. But I'd say, the largest retailers have been the -- mostly been the most aggressive or the earliest to start adopting and investing in solutions around omnichannel and e-commerce. 
 They have seen a great growth in their omnichannel and buy online, pick up at store businesses. And they have -- still believe that there's lots of market share that they can continue to grow and take. So they are continuing to invest heavily in building out their capabilities and scaling their capabilities compared to where it was, say, just 6 months back. 
 For smaller retailers, they -- I'd say generalizing a bit now, they were maybe not quite as quick to invest in omnichannel capabilities. It's a big investment and a complicated one at times. But I think the COVID-19 and the changes in customer buying behaviors and the step-up in change in how comfortable consumers are with omnichannel and buy online, pick up at store, as an example, has made it, I think, abundantly clear for smaller retailers, too, that if they want to compete, they need to build these types of capabilities. 
 So we see the pipeline of business around these larger trends around digitization, automation and particularly in retail as quite robust. And we think that this is a trend that will be going on for quite some time. And we're just saying that, I think for now, we see then the pipelines of these types of opportunities as we look into 2021 as being as robust as we would have expected them to be in prior years at this time. Joe? 
Joachim Heel: Yes. I'll add perhaps 2 thoughts. I do think there is a TAM expansion that's going on, but I see it a little differently than you were perhaps suggesting. One big area of -- it has to do with the fact that in order to enable all of these omnichannel capabilities, you need a deep capability in the company more broadly than just at the front where the items are being picked up. 
 And 2 things in particular that you need to do that, I think, favor us in this case is, number one, you need to enable your associates in your store because that's where most of the instant omnichannel capabilities is being created. And that means you need to digitize and give every worker a device in some form, and we're far from that today. So that's a TAM expansion. 
 And the second piece is you need to extend that modernization into your supply chain, and we're seeing a lot of activity in terms of digitizing and automating the supply chain, and that's clearly related to this acceleration of e-commerce. 
Operator: Next question comes from Jim Ricchiuti with Needham & Company. 
James Ricchiuti: Follow-up on that some of the last commentary that you were making, Anders. And it sounds like you're still anticipating a fairly robust environment with your larger customers. So it's not as, potentially, there's some digestion from the investments that they have been making. And then as it relates to the small medium segment of, it wasn't if -- to what extent you are seeing a recovery there? I mean, is there the potential over the next 1 to 2 quarters that you could have both areas of the business, both large accounts and the SMB, actually moving in a consistent fashion toward stronger growth? 
Anders Gustafsson: Yes. First, I think we're seeing a faster-than-expected improvement in our end markets, and we're cautiously optimistic about how the economy will recover into 2021. I think here, our industry leadership and our investments in our business will also enable us to rebound stronger than our competitors. And to that point, that's why we feel confident to guide for a both top and bottom line growth in Q4. When we looked at our Q3 performance here, our run rate was improving. It's not back to pre-COVID-19 levels, but it is definitely improving and strengthening. And I think that was something we saw globally. And our large deals were obviously very strong in Q3, but we still have a good pipeline into our larger customers and how they're looking to invest in Q4 and beyond. Joe, do you want to add anything to this also? 
Joachim Heel: Yes, perhaps just 2 things. If you look at our pipeline as an indicator, it's as strong as it was on a relative basis a year ago. So we have a strong pipeline that gives us good confidence, and our run rate has been recovering. We didn't say that clearly enough, but it's clearly a driver of the growth that we've been seeing, and we expect that to continue as well. 
James Ricchiuti: Got it. And just as a follow-up question. This relates more to some reports that we've begun to see, including one by a large retailer that had been considering deploying in-store robots for inventory analysis and has now pulled back apparently on that initiative. And I know you guys have looked at that market. But I guess my question is, if you look at the opportunities there, does it appear that it looks like some of the major retailers may opt for simply putting more devices in the hands of store personnel as opposed to maybe looking at some of in-store automation with robots and things like that? 
Anders Gustafsson: Yes. First, I'd say that -- I don't think that our customers see one solution as being able to solve all problems for them. Deploying more devices or putting more devices in the hands of more associates is clearly a trend and something that our customers see as being able to drive a high ROI and enabling all of them to be connected to their applications and systems and be able to be fully utilized in that respect. 
 With respect to the robot solutions, you mentioned also, we believe that there is a good market opportunity for those types of solution, in addition to using handheld computers. We have our Smart Sight solution for this, and I think that's progressed very nicely since we announced it in -- at NRF this year. We've seen an increase in demand and pilots from any customers, particularly, I would say here now in the last few months from grocers. 
 I think so far, our pilots have proven the technology, and we've been able to prove the ROI around -- just based on labor savings alone, and the accuracy of our reads have been very strong. And we -- here is an area where we leveraged our Cortexica acquisition. So we've employed a lot of the computer vision technologies from that into Smart Site, into some of our other solutions to accelerate our ability to extract useful information from digital images. 
 So we see a good, healthy pipeline of customers who are interested in piloting this solution with us. And we have pilots in North America and Europe at this stage. Although it's also fair to say that we -- COVID-19 has made it harder for us to engage on customer sites, which is making it a little slower to ramp these pilots up. But the interest is as high as it was pre-COVID, I would say. Joe, any further comments from you? 
Joachim Heel: I'd like to add maybe one thing here. Let's remember what were the retailers trying to solve with this robotics automation solution. What they're trying to solve is the accuracy of inventory in the store, and there are many different capabilities and solutions that solve the inventory accuracy problem in the store, and they are suited differently to different types of store formats as well as merchandise assortments. 
 And while we do believe that there is a place for the robotic inventory accuracy improvement, other solutions like RFID or simply using the data from associates' devices like you can do with Zebra Prescriptive Analytics are capable solutions for certain store formats and merchandise assortment. 
 So the key, in our mind, will be having the capability to look at all of these different solutions and bring them to a customer. And that's what we're going to be in a position to do, including the robotic automation. 
Anders Gustafsson: Yes, I think that's a good point just on -- to emphasize, again, from -- going back to the first question we had. This is where the breadth of our portfolio enables us to go in and talk to our customers about what is the problem you're trying to solve and then look at how can we bring our solutions, our technology to bear to best solve the problem they're trying to solve versus coming in and saying, "Okay, I have a -- whatever your problem is, my hammer is what's going to solve it." So I think this is a great example of how the breadth of our solution plays to our advantage. 
Operator: Our next question will come from Meta Marshall with Morgan Stanley. 
Meta Marshall: Great. Maybe a couple of questions for me. One on the Denmark Healthcare win. Just any context as to -- was that your traditional kind of partner ecosystem that brought you into that deal? Was that a more health care-focused partner that brought you in? And then just maybe on the improvement that you're seeing in SMB. Are there any particular geographies or particular type of customer that you're seeing more movement from? 
Anders Gustafsson: Yes. Again, I'll start and then I'll ask Joe to provide some extra color. So first, on Denmark. The Denmark health care win we had, and it's a very exciting win for us. And I would say, almost uniformly, our health care partners are uniquely focused on health care. It's very rare that we have partners that are strong in, say, retail or manufacturing and also in health care. 
 Those are very different end markets. The solutions are very different. The problems are very different. So it tends to lead to a much more vertically oriented entire value chain for us. Then around SMB, we did see improvements in our run rate across all geographies on a sequential basis. I think that this is something we expect to -- that we'll continue to see as the economy recovers into Q4. We've certainly seen a good progression of the run rate in the SMB business here as we get into Q4 but also as we look further into 2021. Joe, any more comments from you?  Are you muted, Joe? 
Joachim Heel: I am. I do apologize. 2 comments. On the health care partners, one particular type of partner that is very important for us in the health care space are the electronic medical records companies. We have excellent relationships with them, both from an ISV and a resale perspective, and that has been a good source of growth for us in the health care market. 
 In the SMB segment, the one -- other one I would call out, in particular, is China. So in China, we've seen a resurgence, I think, of the -- in particular, manufacturing customers that are so essential for our printing business, and they have certainly contributed to the return of that business. 
Operator: Our next question will come from Richard Eastman with Baird. 
Richard Eastman: Yes. I just wanted to explore the gross margin for a minute here, the adjusted gross margin by segment here. Both segments were down 300 to 400 basis points. Maybe a little bit surprised around AIT segment being down. So my question maybe is two-fold. 
 I mean, first of all, around the freight expenses, we're using the term in a premium freight. Is the freight expense up structurally, given the realignment around our subcontract manufacturing base? Or is that specifically to the urgency around some of these e-commerce large orders and getting to here? What does that impact? 
Nathan Winters: Yes, Rich, so I'll take this. I want to start by -- I think our teams have been executing well on what we can control around gross margin. And if you look at the drivers, it's pretty consistent across both of our segments both from an unfavorable business mix as well as the premium freight costs. And if you look at the -- one of the 3 points, and again, spread between both segments from both large deal mix as well as unfavorable business mix. And just an example, in Q3, the mix of large deals was actually greater than what we saw in Q2. Another example, which speaks to the AIT point, if you look at our printer business, it has a larger proportion within run rate and exposure to the manufacturing vertical, along with generally higher gross margin. And then another point on premium freight costs. And to answer your question, really, it's from capacity constraints not so much from the change in our manufacturing footprint. And we're seeing our cost per kilo up 2 to 3x from what we saw pre pandemic, so again, just as some of the capacities come offline with reduction in air travel internationally. 
 And I think what's important, if you look at the underlying gross margin trends, excluding the mix dynamics, they do remain healthy. And as the economy recovers and our run rate business improves, so will gross margin, which you'll begin to see here in Q4. 
Richard Eastman: And AIT has the same, again, large order impact on AIT on the printer side of the business as it does on the MC and scanning? 
Nathan Winters: What I'd say it's less reliant on large deals, but it has a higher proportion within the run rate -- a higher proportion of run rate business. 
Richard Eastman: Okay. And when you look at -- let's move out when things normalize here around the mix of business between the channel and large orders and then this -- kind of this freight, this premium freight starts to dissipate, are we still kind of at this normalized gross margin level for Zebra, that's, let's call it, 47% with modest upside? Is that still a normalized gross margin here? 
Nathan Winters: Yes. So as we get past the pandemic, we do expect to get back to pre pandemic levels for both EBITDA rate and gross margin rate. And like I said, the like-for-like margins remain healthy. We also would expect the vast majority of our OpEx to return as the environment normalizes. We have, I'd say, some bit of that will be permanent savings that we'll look to reinvest around the OpEx side. But again, we do get -- we do expect to get back to the pre-pandemic levels, both in EBITDA and gross margin rate. 
Anders Gustafsson: Maybe just to add one thing to that. We continue to also develop our portfolio. So as you think of our -- the software solutions we talked about here earlier, they tend to come with a higher gross margin certainly, and scale, we would expect them to have a very attractive EBITDA margin, too. 
Richard Eastman: Understood. Yes. And then just my second follow-up question, just around the sales and sales channel. Just a quick question. When we look at the fourth quarter revenue guide of plus 3 to plus 9, is the assumption in there that the channel, both North America as well as Europe, is up year-over-year? Is that assumption in your guide -- revenue guide for the fourth quarter? 
Anders Gustafsson: So your question was if the channel is expected to be up year-over-year?  Yes. 
Richard Eastman: So channel and run rate. I'm sorry. 
Anders Gustafsson: As in run rate, yes. Okay. So yes. So I'll start here again, and I'll have Joe provide some extra color again. But first, we're quite pleased to be able to guide for both top and bottom line growth year-over-year in Q4 here, but the 3% -- 3% to 7% expectation in growth, and that includes 150 basis points of positive impact from Reflexis. 
 First, the large deal activity remains very strong, but the underlying business is recovering faster than we expected, and we are also benefiting from some pent-up demand in Q4. As we entered Q4, though, we also had a strong backlog that helped us in this area. The higher large order mix that we've seen compared to prior year will continue but not the same degree as in Q3. So we do expect the run rate and the channel business to continue to sequentially grow. And Joe, any more color for you? 
Joachim Heel: I don't think I have anything to add. You said it. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Drab with William Blair. 
Brian Drab: At this point, I guess 2 quick follow-up questions to the recent questions that you were just addressing. So I appreciate that gross margin should get back to the pre-pandemic level. I'm wondering if you could put a finer point on that. Is that something that we could expect in 2021? Or does the large postal service order maybe weigh on that somewhat in the near term? Is that a longer-term expectation? Or is that a 2021 expectation? 
Anders Gustafsson: I think it's a little too early for us to give a detailed 2021 guidance at this stage, but we do expect that our gross margins will continue to sequentially improve, along with the economy and along with the improvement in our run rate business. 
Brian Drab: Okay. And then, Anders, you just highlighted also that the software business, of course, should be a tailwind for gross margin as that business grows and which Reflexis, it's obviously a bigger piece of the business. Can you give us any sense for it? How -- what percentage of revenue now we are at in terms of software? Is it -- can you even say if it's more or less than 5%? 
 I know it's not something you've really said in the past, but it's becoming a more meaningful piece, and we don't really know how to model the impact on gross margin without some sense for that. 
Anders Gustafsson: Yes. Obviously we're very excited about the software business, and our software and services business has been growing quite nicely. The software business as a whole, I think, is still in the single digits for us, but it's been, as I say, has been growing quite, quite nicely. And we would expect it to be a much bigger part of our business as we go forward. 
Operator: Our next question will come from Keith Housum with Northwest Research. 
Keith Housum: And Nathan, congratulations, and welcome to the call. Guys, want to dig in a little bit further into the U.S. postal service. Anders, I think I heard you say that the deal is on a pause until late first quarter, and then we will finish up in 3Q of next year. So is the plan still to end, I guess, late summer? I'm just trying to get a little bit more idea on the third quarter. And in terms of a pause, are we talking the end of the first quarter, so don't expect much in the first quarter of '21 from the U.S. Postal Service? 
Anders Gustafsson: Yes. First, the pause that we now have is a planned activity from USPS. This was always their intent to not deploy new devices during Canada peak season, and it will start ramping up again in the second half of the first quarter. So the Q1 would be certainly lower than Q2 and Q3, and we expect that late summer, we will be basically wrapping up. And then we'll continue obviously with other projects and expansions of this project with USPS. 
Keith Housum: Great. And then just as my follow-up. In terms of the Temptime business, can you just perhaps cover, is there an opportunity with that business to take advantage of perhaps COVID-19 vaccine that might be out there on the horizon? And how is that business doing? And how does that go to play here? 
Anders Gustafsson: Sorry. You said Temptime? 
Keith Housum: Correct. 
Anders Gustafsson: Yes. So Temptime has been doing very well in Q2 and Q3 based on the traditional vaccines that they cover, all the vaccine vials that we cover there. We are working with WHO and a number of pharmaceutical companies, logistics companies, to ensure that we are well-positioned to provide solutions with respect to a COVID vaccine when that becomes available. 
 We have received initial orders from people who are kind of proactively looking to build up the -- an inventory and capabilities for this, but they have been quite small, but we expect that, that can be a nice addition to the business in 2021. 
Operator: Our next question will come from Blake Gendron with Wolfe Research. 
Blake Gendron: I do want to circle back on the deal size evolution here. I know we've been talking about it this morning. But if you were to quantify the year-over-year impact of deal mix in terms of bps or whatever, that would be super helpful. 
 And then on a scale of 1 to 10, 10 being pre-pandemic normalized mix versus 1 being sort of the trough where large deals dominated in the second and third quarter, I would imagine, where do you expect the fourth quarter to be just because you do anticipate some of the smaller deal size coming back? 
 And then as an offshoot to that on working capital, you offset some of the receivables friction with payables and things like that. Are the receivables, AR, is that impacted by deal size as well, where we should expect maybe a little bit of friction just given the mix? 
Nathan Winters: Yes. So to answer your first question around the growth we're seeing in both respect to the large and nonlarge deals. So again, just to clarify, when we say large deals, those are greater than $1 million. In the third quarter, the large deals grew over 35%, and our nonlarge deals were down over 15%. And that -- hard to put a 1 through 10 classification on it. I would say, as we get into Q4, it is going to be slightly higher large order mix than the prior year, but definitely not to the same degree as Q3, and we'd expect that to continue to maybe go back to pre-pandemic levels as we head into 2021, as we see a gradual recovery in the economy. 
 And on your last question around AR factoring. I wouldn't say that we've seen any additional friction relative to deal size. It had a modest impact on our year-to-date cash flow, and we'd expect to see a relatively modest impact on our full year guide. 
Anders Gustafsson: Maybe just one more -- add to this and the prior question. So we've had a lot of focus on investors on USPS and the impact of USPS had on our business. And U.S. is obviously a large deal, but it was not what drove our Q3 overachievement. USPS came in very much as per our expectations. 
Blake Gendron: Understood. I appreciate that additional color. And then a follow-up, if I could, on the regional growth, you broke it out in the slide deck. Looks like North America, Europe, Latin America, kind of trending actually a little bit better than maybe some of your indicators would suggest. 
 APAC was down pretty heavily, maybe more so than other companies have disclosed, at least directionally. So on Asia Pacific, is the issue there, just -- first of all, is it a discrepancy? And then is it due to China versus non-China? 
 Is it health of specific end markets or customers? Is there something going on with the channel inventory levels there? I'm just trying to get a better feel for, I guess, the weakness in APAC. 
Anders Gustafsson: Well, first, more globally, I'd say what you see globally and also in Asia Pac is some of the secular trends that are supporting our business have accelerated as part of COVID. So around omnichannel, the digitization and automation, those are all -- those are global trends. 
 And in Asia Pac, that we have -- our business has been driven more by, say, a run rate business rather than large deals. So the run rate business in manufacturing has been larger parts of our Asia Pac business than in other areas. 
 And specifically in Q3, I think the COVID-19 drove bigger declines in Southeast Asia and India, where good parts of those countries were more or less shut down. So that was more impactful for Asia Pac. But Asia Pac was up from -- sequentially from Q2, and China actually returned to growth. 
 And as I said, we have new leadership in China, a new General Manager who's doing a great job there for us. We did also see some relative strength in Australia in Q3. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Buscaglia with Berenberg. 
Andrew Buscaglia: I just wanted to clarify something on the USPS award. So you said you're going to wrap up most of the deal -- or most of that award by end of Q3. I think the deal was -- the award was $570 million in total or upwards of. I guess, what portion of that will be fully wrapped up? Because I know there's follow-on stuff that is comprised within that $570 million. 
Anders Gustafsson: Yes. I think the contract award was up to a maximum of $575 -- $570 million. I don't think at this stage, we can give you -- I won't break out and say specifically how large the volume for the USPS will be as part of this contract. 
Andrew Buscaglia: Okay. Okay. Also in your Q4 guide, it was a nice guide, and I think about 1/3 of your sales is EMEA, which didn't quite rebound as much as North America, and now we're starting to see lockdowns again. So I guess what have you contemplated in that guide? Is it conservative? And does it take into account, kind of what's going on in Europe? 
Anders Gustafsson: So we feel confident in our sales guide for Q4. It reflects the positive momentum we have in the business. We entered the quarter with a strong backlog. We had very healthy levels or lower levels of inventory in the channel. So the quarter is actually more front-end loaded than normal. So we do see that has -- as giving us great confidence in our guide. 
 But there's obviously still continued pressures from COVID and some uncertainty around this. I'd say, though, with -- specifically to Europe and some of the lockdowns there that I think if you compare this to April when -- or end of March when the lockdown started, I think now companies -- most of the first -- most of the lockdowns are intended to be more on the aspect of the social life rather than enterprises and business life. 
 And I think companies like ourselves we have learned, I think, how to operate much better in this environment. So I would expect that the impact of a lockdown would be less severe now, and the lockdown would, again, I think, drive some of the trends that we've talked about around omnichannel and buy online, pick up in-store and so forth, which would have some offsetting positive impact for us. 
Operator: Our last question today will come from Jeff Kessler with Imperial Capital. 
Jeffrey Kessler: What -- when you talk about providing a full, let's call it, recurring revenue SaaS-type of solution that you're developing going forward, which vertical markets have been -- which vertical markets do you think have been most interested in at least talking about how to get to a, if you want to call it, a full Zebra solution for them at this point? 
Anders Gustafsson: I'm not sure if I can say that any vertical has more -- been more excited about this than others. Maybe I can say, though, that our -- if you look at some of our more recent software acquisitions like Reflexis and Zebra Prescriptive Analytics or Profitect, as it was previously known, the primary vertical markets that they address have been retail. So we're probably further along in retail than we are in other markets. But I say I would highlight health care is certainly an industry or a vertical that has a lot of interest in broader solutions and acquiring them as a service. 
Jeffrey Kessler: Okay. And a follow-up, in terms of what types of services and/or technologies might be add-on to USPS, once you've done the first part of the contract? Would that be instructive for other -- for other areas in which you might be able to expand your total available market? 
Anders Gustafsson: Yes. I'm not sure if I want to get ahead of ourselves and talk about what possible business we might win from USPS in the future. USPS is a customer of many of our products already, so printing, scanning and mobile computing services, some software solutions. So I see opportunities for us to engage across a broad suite of solutions, but I don't know that I want to highlight any specific ones for you. 
Jeffrey Kessler: Okay. And just quickly, in that line of thinking on new types of technology, with regard to your mobile scanners and with the other technologies that you're employing, have you been taking a look at the increase in other types of identifiers, such as BLE or NFC? Other types of technologies that may be complementary to what you're using right now? 
Anders Gustafsson: So I guess the broad answer will be yes. We're certainly looking at all sorts of data capture type of technologies. And our mobile computers, many of them have NFC already. So we're always looking to see how we can provide the right type of functionality to enable our customers to get the best ROI for those solutions. 
Joachim Heel: Yes. You might -- this is Joe Heel. You might remember that we introduced the proximity monitoring solution. That's based on Bluetooth low energy, which is built into our devices. And NFC technologies, for example, are used in solutions we have for railway ticketing. So those are all technologies we're already using, and we think have more potential in the future. 
Operator: This will conclude our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Gustafsson for any closing remarks. 
Anders Gustafsson: Yes. To wrap up, I would just like to thank our employees, customers and partners who are working in the frontline during this challenging time. Our team is executing well through the pandemic, and we are proud that our technology solutions are helping enterprises navigating through the challenges of COVID-19 as the world recovers. Stay safe, everyone. 
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-07-28 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Second Quarter 2020 Zebra Technologies Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After todays presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. Please note, this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mike Steele, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Mike Steele: Good morning. Thank you for joining us today. Before we begin, I need to inform you that certain statements made on this call are forward-looking and subject to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based on current expectations and assumptions and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially due to factors discussed in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. During this call, we will make reference to non-GAAP financial measures as we describe our business performance. You can find reconciliations of our GAAP to non-GAAP results in todays earnings press release and at the end of this slide presentation. This presentation will include prepared remarks from Anders Gustafsson, our Chief Executive Officer; and Olivier Leonetti, our Chief Financial Officer. Anders will begin with our second quarter results. Then Olivier will provide additional detail on the financials and discuss our outlook. Anders will conclude with progress in advancing our Enterprise Asset Intelligence vision and trends we are seeing in our end markets. Following the prepared remarks, Joe Heel, our Senior Vice President of Global Sales, will join us as we take your questions. Also, throughout this presentation, unless otherwise indicated, our references to sales growth are year-over-year on a constant currency basis and exclude results from the recently acquired businesses for the 12 months following each acquisition. This presentation is being simulcast on our website at investors.zebra.com and will be archived there for at least one year. Now, Ill turn the call over to Anders.
Anders Gustafsson: Thank you, Mike. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. First, I would like to emphasize that our top priority continues to be the health and wellbeing of our employees, customers and partners. I am particularly grateful for all of the frontline workers, including medical professionals who continue to serve our communities and keep us safe. Zebra and many of our many of our customers' workplaces have commenced reopening plans, and I am very proud of the ability of our teams to effectively serve our customers and partners, while working remotely through the peak of the pandemic. In Q2, our teams remained agile and executed very well through pandemic. It has been inspiring for me to see our employees rally to keep the business and each other moving forward. Although, the financial results we published this morning reflect a challenging second quarter environment as we navigated through the peak of the crisis. Zebra's longer term prospects have strengthened as secular trends to digitize and automate workflows have accelerated with the pandemic. In Q2, we realized a net sales decline of 12%. Adjusted EBITDA margin of 18.3%, which contracted by 290 basis points and non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $2.41, a 20% decrease from the prior year. As the virus spread end market weakness affected all of our major geographies, particularly our Asia-PAC and Latin America regions. The impact was most pronounced in our run rate business, which required our distributors to reduce their inventory levels. However, sales growth in services was the bright spot and enterprise mobile computing relatively outperformed. Although, premium shipping costs due to the pandemic impacted gross margin more than we had anticipated. We diligently managed discretionary costs across the company to preserve profitability and cash flow. Despite the challenging environment, our enterprise customers have been prioritizing spend with Zebra. Our solutions are a key enabler of their strategy to digitize their operations, as well as supporting the central use cases during pandemic. Large order volume was strong across vertical markets increasing over the prior year. I would like to highlight some notable Q2 wins from large customers supporting critical use cases. A leading home improvement retailer expanded their relationship with us by purchasing 10,000 of our printers to address multiple front-of-store use cases, including curbside pickup and in aisle label printing. Their shift to mobile on demand printing is expected to significantly improve worker productivity and replaced a competitor's stationary printers. We also secured a competitive takeaway win with a federal retail commissary to deploy more than 7,000 mobile computers. Our solution enables this customer to satisfy multiple use cases, including curbside pickup. We were pleased to support a large healthcare organization by providing a wide range of mobile computers, scanners, and printers to quickly ramp their point-of-care and clinical communication needs as they added 4,000 hospital beds to treat COVID patients. Additionally, as expected, we began deploying TC7 Series mobile computers to USPS postal carriers in late Q2. We expect the majority of the deployment to occur in 2021. We continue to collaborate with these customers to support their essential needs and drive it further improvement in their workflows. I am pleased that we have substantially completed our global product sourcing diversification initiative, despite modest delays due to the pandemic. Replicating production lines outside of China into broader Asia mitigates supply chain risk, and enables us to avoid tariffs on our U.S. imports. With that, I will now turn the call over to Olivier to review our Q2 financial results and discuss our outlook.
Olivier Leonetti: Thank you, Anders. Let us walk through the P&L on slide six. Net sales declined 12.9% in the second quarter, which is 12% before the impact of currencies and acquisitions. Despite our sales decline, we believe that we continue to outperform the market in these challenging environment. As Anders mentioned, large order volume was stronger than the prior period. Our performance was untimely due to a sharp decline in small and midsize business to the channel, which disproportionately impacted printing and data capture. We are encouraged that distributor inventory levels are healthy and sales out trends have been improving. Our Enterprise Visibility & Mobility segment sales decreased 5.4%. We grew services revenue and mobile computing relatively outperformed. Our Asset Intelligence & Tracking segment has been most impacted by the global recessionary environment, with sales decreasing 24.9%. Printing and supplies each declined double-digits. Services was a relative outperformer. Managed and professional services performed particularly well with growth driven by strong product attach rates over the past 12 months. Our location solutions and Zebra Retail Solutions offerings were extremely soft due to pause in project activity due to the pandemic. Turning to our regions. In North America sales declined 7%. Services grew and mobile computing was relative outperformer. EMEA sales declined 13%. We achieved solid growth in services and slight growth in mobile computing. We saw strength in Central and Northern Europe. Sales in our Asia-Pacific region declined 21%, driven by COVID-19 impacts. China improved sequentially from Q1, but was the largest contributor to the original sales decline. Japan and Korea were bright spots in the quarter where our go-to-market investments are delivering results. Latina America sales have been hit particularly hard by the pandemic and macroeconomic factors and declined 33%. All geographies declined double-digits with the exception of Mexico. Adjusted gross margin contracted 360 basis points to 44.1%, driven primarily by two points of impact from unfavorable business mix, two points of impact from premium freight cost, other COVID mitigation and China import tariffs, partially offset by improved services margin. Adjusted operating expenses declined $44 million from the prior year period and improved 50 basis points as a percentage of sales. This improvement was primarily due to prudent cost management and lower incentive compensation. We were able to encompass -- to accomplish this while preserving our research and development projects. Second quarter EBITDA margin was 18.3%, a 290 basis point decrease from the prior period, driven entirely by lower gross margin. We drove non-GAAP earnings per deleted shares of $2.41, a $0.61 or 20% year-over-year decrease, which is inclusive of $0.27 negative impact from the transitory effects of premium freight expense and tariffs. Turning now to the balance sheet and cash flow highlights on slide seven. We generated $322 million of free cash flow in the first half of 2020. This was more than double the prior period, primarily due to a lower use of working capital and our expanded accounts receivable factoring program. Additionally, in Q2, we made a $31 million incremental investment in Locus Robotics, the market leader in autonomous mobile robots for fulfillment warehouses. From a debt leverage perspective, we ended the quarter at the modest 1.3 times net debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio, which provides us ample financial flexibility. Turning to slide eight. We have been successfully navigating this unprecedented global environment. As I just mentioned, our balance sheet is in excellent shape with lower debt levels and $915 million of availability under our revolver, allowing ample capacity for business investment. Our capital light business model, flexible cost structure and strong free cash flow profile allows us to preserve profitability and cash flow in challenging times. The reliable cash flow generation gives us a competitive advantage as we prioritize investment in the business through any environment. Let us turn to our outlook. We believe Q2 was the peak impact to Zebra from the pandemic. We remain in the recovery phase and expect sales trends and profitability to improve in the second half of the year. We entered the third quarter with a solid backlog. We have seen an increase in business activity and our deal pipeline is building nicely. Based on these factors, we expect Q3 net sales to decline between 3% and 7%, which is a meaningful sequential improvement from Q2 trend. This outlook assumes an approximately 50 basis point negative impact from foreign currency changes. We would continue to preserve profitability while doing no harm to the business. This enabled us to prioritize strategic investment so that we emerge stronger as the market rebounds. We believe Q3 adjusted EBITDA margin would be approximately 19%, which assumes lower operating expenses and the lower gross margin, reflecting higher larger order mix and approximately $9 million of transitory premium freight expense. Non-GAAP diluted EPS is expected to be in the range of $2.65 to $2.95. The premium freight cost expectation equates to $0.14 EPS impact. You can see other modeling assumptions on slide nine. Note that our outlook does not include any projected reserves from the pending acquisition of Reflexis. Anders will discuss the strategic acquisition in a few moments. With that, I will turn the call back to Anders to discuss our Enterprise Asset Intelligence vision and end market trends.
Anders Gustafsson: Thank you, Olivier. We are excited to announce the acquisition Reflexis this morning, which we expect to close by early Q4. Reflexis is a leading provider of intelligent workforce management, task execution and communication solutions for the retail, food service, hospitality and banking industries. Combining Reflexis market leading platform with Zebra's complementary software offerings, including Zebra Prescriptive Analytics and Workforce Connect provides us the unique opportunity to unify the store associate experience. We also expect that Zebra's scale vertical market expertise and go-to-market footprint will drive substantial synergies, not only in retail, but in other key vertical markets, such as healthcare. Reflexis is a high growth recurring revenue business with sales of $66 million in 2019, which doubled over a three-year period and the gross margin profile approximately 20 points higher than Zebra's corporate average. The next slide illustrates how this acquisition fits into our broader vision. Slide 12 highlights how we are building our capabilities as a solutions provider. Our deep understanding of workflows and unmatched access to frontline operational data from our vast install base uniquely positions us to solve complex challenges at the edge. It is our top priority to invest in software solutions and services that help our customers leverage real-time data to better orchestrate their workflows and gain a performance advantage. Methods for sensing, analyzing and acting on operational data from the frontline of business are transforming with emerging technologies, such as computer vision and machine learning. Increasingly large volumes of data are generated and captured from our products. Enterprises are asking us to help them put that data to work by amassing disparate points of information to drive actions to their frontline workers in near real-time. Our intelligent edge solutions, including our SmartX and MotionWorks offerings demonstrate how we are enhancing the value proposition for our customers by addressing a wide variety of use cases across their business. This evolving suite of solutions enables Zebra to fuel our customer's workflows we did so they can be fully optimized. Reflexis' capabilities will be enhanced when they are combined with Zebra Prescriptive Analytics, worker collaboration and physical inventory software solutions. For example, Reflexis can provide dynamic prioritization of tasks extending across a broader set of data driven activities, such as stocking shelves, receiving a truck while delivering an order curbside when integrated with our Zebra Prescriptive Analytics and Workforce Connect applications. Ultimately, through this acquisition, we expect customers to find even greater value in equipping all of their associates with mobile computers. On slide 13 we highlight the primary vertical markets that we serve. We are excited about our longer term opportunities in our end markets, as customers are driven to improve their technological capabilities in an increasingly on demand economy. Since our last quarterly update, we are seeing improvement in this challenging global environment, although it is still a mixed picture depending on the sector. In healthcare, our fastest growing vertical, clinical care remains critical and is the primary area Zebra serves. Our healthcare solutions help hospitals flex their capacity needs as the pandemic evolves. Our solutions are being used in labs and drive through testing facilities to provide safe and efficient care. Non-critical care and elective procedures are resuming. Longer term, we believe the need for increased visibility into the entire patient journey will drive increased demand for our solutions. Approximately two-thirds of our business in retail is to mass merchants, grocers, and e-tailers who have been prioritizing investment in our technology for their omni-channel fulfillment. E-commerce and buy online pickup at store transactions have increased dramatically through the pandemic. Department stores and apparel retailers have been reopening their doors, which has been critical to those heavily reliant on brick and mortar sales. In the transportation and logistics space, strong e-commerce growth continues to drive parcel volumes and last mile delivery, which is favorable to Zebra. Conversely, passenger airlines, rental car providers, and parts of the distribution industry are resuming activity yet far from capacity. The manufacturing sector continues to be the most impacted in the current environment with COVID-19 and global trade tensions. Discrete manufacturers in aviation, auto and discretionary specialty goods have been particularly challenged during the heart of the crisis. Many segments within process manufacturing, such as food and pharmaceutical companies, have been less impacted. In closing, we are successfully navigating through this challenging environment and are confident that our business fundamentals and strategy are sound. By continuing to focus on advancing our Enterprise Asset Intelligence vision and addressing our customer's needs, we expect to emerge from this crisis in a stronger competitive position. We continue to be very optimistic regarding our longer term prospects as secular trends to digitize and automate workflows accelerate with the pandemic. Now, I'll hand the call back over to Mike.
Mike Steele: Thanks, Anders. We'll now open the call to Q&A. We ask that you limit yourself to one question and one follow-up, so that we can get to as many of you as possible.
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Andrew Buscaglia with Berenberg. Please go ahead.
Andrew Buscaglia: Hey, guys. If I dig into your guidance a little bit. So, I'm having a hard time with your guidance for Q3 getting to that, 19% EBITDA margin. In that I feel like it could be higher. So, I'm wondering, you're with your top line sales kind of guide where it was or where it is, much better than expected. It really implies not much expansion on gross margins. It's if that's what I -- if I'm correct there, can you confirm that? And talk a little bit about why you can't do or why you wouldn't expect it to a little bit better there in margin. Premium freight costs and stuff in there.
Olivier Leonetti: Yeah. Good morning, Andrew. So, you're right. We expect in the quarter EBITDA margin to be around 19%. So, OpEx as a proportion of revenue will decline year-on-year and gross margin should -- rate should decline due to two factors. First, plenum freight, that would be about the point of impact in the quarter, but also mainly higher level of large deals in the quarter. We had mentioned that now for two quarters. Our business, large deal business is doing very well, actually growing year-on-year and expected to grow in Q3 and in Q2 and our run rate business has been impacted mainly by the pandemic. We believe that this trend will not last, that's point number one. We believe that run rate is starting to increase and will keep increasing. And an important point on the like-for-like basis, margin has been improving.
Andrew Buscaglia: Okay. Okay. So, the gross margins sequentially will be up.
Olivier Leonetti: Correct.
Andrew Buscaglia: And then, if you could just talk about your backlog, it sounds like you have a strong backlog. Anyway you can quantify that? Like, what is your visibility beyond Q3 there? You mentioned some large orders or -- yeah, you talked to some potentially larger orders. Can you just provide some additional commentary on that?
Olivier Leonetti: Yeah. We entered Q3 with a solid backlog position. It was quite strong considering the overall environment, but that was driven by the high proportion of larger deals. So, we've seen a lot of our larger customers, particularly in retail and T&L accelerate their investments. And they also then -- in this case gave us the orders prior to the start of the quarter. And that gives us, obviously, a great deal of confidence in the outlook we give for Q3. Joe, I don't know if you have any further comments here.
Joe Heel: Well, we have a strong backlog position, as Anders and Olivier said. Some of the projects are multi-quarter, so we do have some backlog already building for future quarters, but it's too early to determine how strong relatively our future quarter backlog will be.
Olivier Leonetti: But it's correct to say -- the pipeline for Q4 is good. So we feel encouraged about kind of the way that the market seems to be recovering. And the final comment, Andrew, we're not giving, of course, a guide for Q4. Too many uncertainties at the moment for obvious reasons. But we believe that Q4 from a revenue standpoint and profitability standpoint will be an improvement relative to Q3.
Andrew Buscaglia: All right. Thank you, Olivier.
Operator: The next question is from Jim Ricchiuti of Needham & Company. Please go ahead.
Jim Ricchiuti: Hi, good morning. A question I have is just -- as we've gone through the pandemic and seeing the impact on brick and mortar retail, e-commerce, I'm wondering if you could talk a little bit about the changes in customer behavior. I mean, your -- if you could talk in terms of things that you see changing in the market, as we start coming out of this. What do you see it doing to the business? And I assume you've seen some early indications out of this, things like ship from store and whatnot.
Anders Gustafsson: Yeah. I'd say in this environment, our solutions have become even more critical for our customers than they were before. And we are uniquely positioned to empower frontline workers across all our end markets. So I'd say the crisis has been accelerating a number of secular trends around digitization and automation. And I think that probably spans all our vertical markets, all four key vertical markets. If you dig in a little bit deeper on retail, I'd say grocers, which were certainly on a large part of our customer base before, e-tailers, grocers, mass merchants are about two-thirds of our business, but the growth in just grocery revenues, but particularly buy online pickup-in-store has been quite significant. And we've seen grocers across the -- particularly in the U.S. but across -- certainly Europe and the U.S. invest materially in enabling, scaling up their ability to do omni-channel in particularly buy online pickup at store. So that has been a big change. I think buy online pickup at store has gone from being more of a niche application before to now mainstream. And I'd say across the board in retail that customers who say we're in segments that were struggling a bit more before or during the downturn, I think everybody recognizes now that they can't be a 100% reliant on in-store purchases that omni-channel and the e-commerce side of their businesses needs to grow or expand. So, we see people spending more and more -- giving more attention to kind of omni-channel part of their business and how to be able to respond to situations like the one we had in Q2.
Joe Heel: Maybe I can add one or two things. This is Joe Hill speaking. Generally speaking, besides, the buy online pickup-in-store, productivity and resiliency are at a premium for our retailers and think not only at the store, but also the warehouses. And so, the types of solutions that we have in improving productivity warehouses, where there's less reliance on workers to do tasks, including things like the investments that we made in Locus Robotics, are going to be an increasing trend in retail, which also helps improve their resiliency when there are incidents, for example, in a warehouse. And this also extends to contact free solutions. One of the features of BOPIS is that it's contact free. And there are other contact free elements of the retail interaction that we think will be here to stay, for example, payment transactions or contracts free kiosks as opposed to interaction with workers. So, those are a few other trends that we're seeing that generally benefit us in retail.
Jim Ricchiuti: And my follow-up question is on Reflexis. How long have you known them? And is this acquisition -- does it fill in some areas of your solution set that maybe where you had some holes? And is the -- is there any customer concentration within Reflexis that you can talk to? Thank you.
Anders Gustafsson: Yeah. So are very excited about the addition of the Reflexis team to Zebra and that business. We've known each other for quite a long time. Reflexis has been a premier IC partner of Zebra. And we've been in dialogue with them about this transaction for some time. The transaction very much helps to augment our Enterprise Asset Intelligence vision of empowering every worker at the edge with insights that drive real-time action. So, this is entirely consistent with our broader vision. And it leverages our existing software assets and some of our hardware. So, if you think of Zebra Prescriptive Analytics, which looks at all sorts of data sources to glean insights and drive actions that can now fuel Reflexis' engine of driving actions, too. And our Workforce Connect can be one of the ways that we augment the Reflexis platform to have a more efficient way of communicating between employees and workers to ensure the right person get the right action at the right time.
Olivier Leonetti: And in terms of customer concentration, Jim, the asset has a low level of concentration of sales towards a few customers, and Reflexis has been performing extremely well during the pandemic.
Anders Gustafsson: It's -- obviously, we serve most retail customers. So, there's a lot of overlap. And we think there's great opportunity for us to do some cross-selling and up-selling across the portfolio. If you look specifically at how the customer base of Reflexis has performed during the lockdown, two-thirds of their customers were open and operated like normal. About one-sixth had some partial shutdowns or slowdowns, and one-sixth were fully shutdown, but are now open.
Operator: The next question is from Paul Coster of JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Paul Chung: Hi. Good morning. This is Paul Chung on for Coster. Thanks for taking my questions. So, just a follow-up on Reflexis. It's kind of somewhat of a departure from your typical acquisition as it's mostly software. Should we kind of expect a shift to the software to continue? And if so -- if we think about gross margins longer term, should we expect kind of a structural step-up to your current gross margins of 47% as your strategy evolves? And I have a follow-up.
Anders Gustafsson: So, first, I think, the acquisition of Reflexis is very consistent with our broader approach that we've talked about for some time to align with our strategy of either driving growth in our core -- identifying, acquiring companies that expand our leadership in the core or rapidly grow in near adjacencies or accelerate our Enterprise Asset Intelligence vision. And Reflexis fits into the accelerating the Enterprise Asset Intelligence vision. I don't think -- we don't think of it as a big departure from how we have thought about the business, or how we have executed over the last few years. Software has become a bigger and bigger part of it. The last three acquisitions now including Reflexis have been pure software acquisitions. Although, I'm not saying that, that by any means, it's going to be -- that's the only thing we're focusing on for the future, but we are building more and more software assets and software capabilities. And even internally, more than two-thirds of our engineers are software engineers. So, software is clearly a very important part of how we deliver value to our customers, even if that is as a standalone software offering or as a more integrated solution between hardware and software.
Olivier Leonetti: We believe that the asset will indeed increase the overall margin of the business, I mean, not only because it's software, but also because of the impact it will have on the hardware part of the business as well. So, very synergic from a revenue and margin standpoint.
Paul Chung: Okay. Great. And then just on your SMB channels, are you starting to see demand pick up in July as business start to reopen? Have you also kind of seen some consolidation in the channels, maybe some of the smaller players kind of given some liquidity concerns we've been hearing about? And how does that kind of impact your pricing over time in your view? Thank you.
Anders Gustafsson: Yeah. I'll let Joe comment here also afterwards. But we have seen -- I guess, first, stabilization and signs of improvement in our run rate business and -- which we tend to kind of talk about them as run rate and SMB as being the same, but they're not necessarily the same, but it's not. Now, I think the SMB segment was harder hit by the shutdown. Most SMB companies were not deemed essential and therefore, were shutdown harder. And we have also more manufacturers that's part of our SMB or run rate business, but we are seeing them return to more healthy outlook and sequential growth. We also say that our -- we work hard to make sure that we maintained healthy inventory levels within our channel. So, when sales out numbers went down a little bit in Q2, sales in went down more. So, the end markets were somewhat healthier than our sales numbers would indicate. But now we're in a position to start growing with them as the economy expands.
Joe Heel: Two additional comments. Remember that nearly half of our business is outside of the U.S. And in regions, including Asia, as well as in Europe, we are seeing the run rate business improve. Whereas in the U.S., it's still a bit too early to say that we have a sustained improvement. But, for example, in several countries in Asia, we are seeing growth in our run rate. Second, in terms of the channels themselves, it is fair to say that our channel business among our larger partners has been stronger than it has been among our smaller partners. It may be too early to speak of a consolidation, but it would be -- but at least that is what we are seeing.
Paul Chung: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Keith Housum of Northcoast Research. Please go ahead.
Keith Housum: Good morning, gentlemen. Glad to hear that the large deals are holding up strong. I guess, Anders, are you seeing any large deals being pushed off because of the current environment? Or are you finding that the prioritization of these projects hold better than I guess what they might see for other products or projects?
Anders Gustafsson: We have seen larger deals push into future quarters more dependent than on the type of customer. So, some would be retailers that had to shutdown altogether in Q2. They tended to push if they had bigger orders on the books into future quarters. Another example will be around, say, RFID, which often requires more in-store activities and also focus more on apparel or fashion retailers. So, anything that had to do with -- where we had to go into our customers' facilities to setup and implement the solutions would get pushed. But that's been offset by other customers that were operating and had to really scale up their operations to deal with the increased business that we're getting as part of the shutdown.
Keith Housum: Great. Great to see that. And then as you look at I guess the intelligent edge solutions, can you discuss the progress you had with those solutions during the quarter versus the services growth? I think, if I heard right the managed services were grew during the quarter. But how did intelligent edge solutions do like Savanna most importantly?
Anders Gustafsson: Yeah. I think, our -- many of our software solutions did very well. If you look at, say, Zebra Prescriptive Analytics, as an example, we were able to win several new customers in Q2, and we were able to win and implement those customers without actually having to go on site. So that was one of the benefits of having a software solution like that. But other intelligent edge solutions that require onsite proof-of-concepts, pilots and so forth, they tended to be pushed out, and we're not growing the way we had expected.
Keith Housum: Great. Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Meta Marshall of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Erik Lapinski: Hi, team. This is Erik on for Meta. Thanks for taking our question. Maybe we could just go back to the retail side quickly. I mean, given some of the drivers you had noted, do you expect any sort of digestion period with some of the e-commerce or grocery customers following the investments that they have been making? Or do you think that kind of those investments just continue to scale as kind of the economy recovers?
Anders Gustafsson: Yeah. The -- I'd say the larger orders that we've seen in retail in the last quarter or plus are really to help our existing customers scale their operations. So, it's not -- they're not necessarily building ahead or anything like that. So, I don't see a need for them to, say, pause or catch or deploy and catch up on the operations side with what they have deployed. But obviously there's many customers and somehow different profiles than others. But generally, they are just basically trying to deploy devices into existing use cases where they scale in line with the number of headcount they have or the revenues they have for those applications.
Erik Lapinski: Got it. That's very helpful. And then maybe just a quick follow-up and kind of returning to some of the gross margin impacts from the larger deals. Was the initial shipments to kind of USPS also a factor in there? And should we maybe be expecting a similar impact to gross margins just as those shipments really ramp up into the first half of next year?
Olivier Leonetti: So, Q2 had an USPS order. This order was shipped at the end of the quarter, so relatively material to the quarter. USPS is ramping in Q3. But as we have said before, the large majority of the USPS order will be shipped next year, probably in the first half of next year. And we're not going to talk about margin, of course, of USPS today. But usually large deals have a lower margin and run rate, so it would impact the company rate.
Erik Lapinski: Got it. That's helpful. Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Brian Drab of William Blair. Please go ahead.
Brian Drab: Hi. Thanks for taking my questions. I'll just ask one question at the moment. And I apologize if you've discussed this to some extent. There's simultaneous calls going on. But I know you're expecting about $20 million in costs associated with the move of manufacturing out of China that are adjusted out of the adjusted EPS figure. But you have other costs that you're incurring this year. I guess, there's about $19 million of premium freight and other costs in the second quarter, $9 million in premium freight in the -- or coming in the third quarter. And just as we're trying to assess costs this year that likely won't be present next year. What is the estimate for total premium freight in 2020 and other costs in 2020 that likely won't be present in 2021, for example, incentive comp, maybe down this year that comes back next year? And what -- I can't remember what was the situation in the first quarter. Was there premium freight in the first quarter as well?
Olivier Leonetti: So, it's -- let me try to cover the key points on this. So, if you look at, going forward, in terms of transitory cost, we are now done and our supply chain did an amazing job in diversifying our supply chain out of China. So, this work is done. And we're not going to have any impact due to tariff going forward. So that's not part of Q3 and obviously, forward P&L. So that's point number one. Point number two. We're going to have some impact due to premium freight in Q3. I mentioned in my prepared remarks that about $9 million -- about 80 basis points worth of margin rate, that will decrease towards the end of the year. And we believe that this trend should now stop going forward. So that would be a second item. When it comes to OpEx. We have been able to manage OpEx and adjust OpEx as revenue was declining. We'll keep doing that in the year. Now you are asking, do we have some of those OpEx reductions, which are going to be permanent? We believe so. It would be premature to mention a number today, because we want to keep investing in the business as well.
Brian Drab: Okay. But Olivier, if I can just follow-up. What I'm driving at is the transitory costs, what's the total estimate for 2020? And then -- so we can model 2021. You're not -- you called out $19 million in the second quarter, you called out $9 million in the third quarter.
Olivier Leonetti: Yeah.
Brian Drab: What -- those costs and also including tariff costs, it seems like there's going to be like $50 million, like 5, 0 or something, in that range of costs this year that we shouldn't expect and we shouldn't model for next year in that -- in total.
Olivier Leonetti: Yeah. Your number is about right. I mean, if I was to give you the phasing and maybe we can take that after the call of today. Tariff impact in Q1 was about one point. That is transitory. In Q2, the impact of tariff and premium freight was about two points. Premium freight impact in Q3 will be about one point. And we believe that all those transitory costs to a large extent will be gone by Q4 onwards. And we take the details after this call as well.
Brian Drab: Sounds good. Okay. I'll talk to you later. Thank you.
Brian Drab: Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The next question comes from Richard Eastman of Robert W. Baird. Please go ahead.
Richard Eastman: Yeah. Just I'm looking kind of at the decrementals, kind of similar line of thought here. But the decremental here in the second quarter at the adjusted EBIT line was about 40%. And that's obviously absorbing some of the tariff costs, the freight cost, probably offset by some OpEx reductions. Is that -- is the 40% decremental kind of run into the third quarter? And then, presumably -- and maybe fingers crossed here, decline in the fourth quarter with some of these transitory costs out of the number?
Olivier Leonetti: You're right, Rich. If you look at today, in terms if you look at Q2 and Q3, we believe we're going to be able to scale OpEx as a proportion of revenue in about the same level. And then in terms of margin, we're going to have over those two quarters the same impact of large bid mix, which would impact gross margin. But we believe that largely those trends will stop as we enter into the fourth quarter. That's why I indicated during an earlier question that profitability in Q4 will certainly increase relative to Q3 and Q2.
Richard Eastman: Okay. Okay. I got you. And then just maybe a quick thoughts around what appears to be maybe more cyclicality in the printer business in general, AIT. Thought being that, is that business impacted much more as run rate business through the channel? Or is it just simply easier to defer purchases of a printer, given the payback on the printer just defer it for a couple of quarters. I mean, how do you kind of view that on the printer side of the business?
Anders Gustafsson: Yeah. The printer business is more -- has a much higher proportion of run rate as part of its revenue stream. It supports more SMB and manufacturing customers. So, the profile of the customer base is -- was more exposed to COVID-19 shutdowns or slowdowns. I'd say if we dig into the printing portfolio a little deeper, our card printing business was particularly hard hit. Card printing, they do -- they support events. Obviously, there weren't a lot of events in Q2. Badges for employees, drivers' licenses, all sorts of things that were hit more harder. But we did start to see -- particularly manufacturing opportunities to resurface in Asia-PAC later in Q2. And if you look at our supplies business, Temptime had a very strong Q2 and grew its vial monitoring solutions for existing vaccines. And we were doing things in emerging markets for COVID-19 test kits. And once we get a proper vaccine, we see opportunities for that to continue to do well. We also worked here on making sure that the channel had appropriate inventory positions. So, we did reduce inventory in the channel, but kept the days on hand just stable. So, we're coming out of this with a healthy inventory position where we can grow the business now in line with how the economy grows. But we do believe that we actually gained share in printing in the first half of this year. So, based on all our data points, we believe that we actually gained some share.
Richard Eastman: Okay.
Joe Heel: And one further data point just on that. In China, our printing business is rebounding faster than our other businesses. So that gives you an indication that there is a positive trend that will likely come back at the end of this cycle.
Richard Eastman: I see. Okay. All right. Very good. Thank you.
Operator: The last question comes from Jeff Kessler of Imperial Capital.
Jeff Kessler: Thank you. Thank you for taking my question. Firstly, with regard to your TAM. It appears -- a couple of years ago, you gave a number with regard to $9 billion or $10 billion out of the total market in the AIDC area. Clearly, with some of the new software that you've developed internally, but also with some of these acquisitions, you've expanded the total available market that you can play in and also the niche -- if you want to call it that niche, that you are actually directly affecting. Can you speak to how -- particularly this last acquisition that you've just announced, can you just discuss the size of the marketplace that you are now affecting relative to where you were just a couple of years ago?
Anders Gustafsson: So, we've talked about our core markets being around $10 billion in size and that we have we've had an incremental $15 billion market size in our adjacent markets, right? The -- and some of those adjacent markets that took us from $10 billion to $25 billion in total size will include tablets, supplies, RFID. Our -- many of our software solutions are new. And there is no -- it's a little difficult to say what the TAM is because they -- you could calculate it by, say, if every retailer on the planet were to deploy it, the TAM would be very, very large. It's not quite that today, but it is a substantial TAM and it's a higher -- faster growing market than our core markets. So, clearly, this expands our addressable markets and positions us to participate in additional high growth markets where we also get attractive synergies by being able to cross-sell and up-sell.
Jeff Kessler: Okay. And follow-up is, you've talked about the recovery in your business. But the fact remains is that at least in the United States, maybe not in Asia or in parts of Europe where they seem to be recovering from the virus faster, we seem to be still in somewhat of a state of a mess here. And it maybe some time before the virus allows business to operate at a more normal pace. Is the improvement that you're talking about in the third and fourth quarter? How much of it is basically based in the fact that Asia -- parts of Asia and parts of Europe are actually recovering and helping you and relative to the U.S.? And is the percent -- is your geographic pie going to shift at all in the second half of this year and perhaps into the first half of this year until there's some type of vaccine to -- and more importantly, the U.S. kind of gets its COVID-19 act together, if you want to call that?
Olivier Leonetti: I think you summarized it well. We see all the regions improving in Q3 and Q4 relative to Q2. But the main recovery is outside North America. You're absolutely right.
Jeff Kessler: Okay.
Joe Heel: Although, I think, in the second half, we have a substantial number of large deals that are North America centric, with North American customers having increased demand for the products that they have been buying from us previously. And so, I think, our overall deal mix will not shift that much, even though the recovery in particular on the run rate will be stronger outside of the U.S.
Jeff Kessler: Great. Thank you very much. I appreciate it.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Gustafsson for any closing remarks.
Anders Gustafsson: Yeah. Thank you. So, to wrap up, I would like to thank our employees, customers and partners who are working in the frontline during this challenging time. And we're also looking forward to welcoming the Reflexis team once we close the transaction. Stay safe everyone.
Operator: The conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending todays presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-04-28 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Q1 2020 Zebra Technologies Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After todays presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. Please note, this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mike Steele, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Mike Steele: Before we begin, I need to inform you that certain statements made on this call are forward-looking and subject to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based on current expectations and assumptions and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially due to factors discussed in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. During this call, we will make reference to non-GAAP financial measures as we describe our business performance. You can find reconciliations of our GAAP to non-GAAP results in todays earnings press release and at the end of this slide presentation. This presentation will include prepared remarks from Anders Gustafsson, our Chief Executive Officer; and Olivier Leonetti, our Chief Financial Officer. Anders will begin with our first quarter results. Then Olivier will provide additional detail on the financials and discuss our outlook. Anders will conclude with opportunities to advance our Enterprise Asset Intelligence vision and trends we are seeing in our end markets. Following the prepared remarks, Joe Heel, our Senior Vice President of Global Sales, will join us as we take your questions. Also, throughout this presentation, unless otherwise indicated, our references to sales growth are year-over-year on a constant currency basis and exclude results from the recently acquired Cortexica, Temptime and Profitect businesses for the 12 months following each acquisition. This presentation is being simulcast on our website at investors.zebra.com and will be archived there for at least one year. Now, Ill turn the call over to Anders.
Anders Gustafsson: Thank you, Mike. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. First, I would like to say that our top priority at this time is to health and wellbeing of our employees, customers and partners. We are grateful to all of the frontline workers, especially those sacrificing their personal safety, so that all of us can continue to live and work safely through this challenging time. Those on our customers front lines are heroes serving in hospitals, grocery stores, delivery vehicles, warehouses and other parts of the central supply chains that help keep our lives as normal as possible. Many Zebra employees are also on the frontline supporting the build and repair of products and solutions that are essential to our customers, doing their jobs safely and efficiently. To all of those heroes, we say thank you. The financial results we published this morning reflect a challenging first quarter environment. We realized a net sales decline of 1%. Adjusted EBITDA margin of 19.1%, which contracted by 200 basis points and non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $2.67, a 9% decrease from the prior year. We had a strong start to the year and January and February generally played out to our expectations; however, late in the quarter as COVID-19 evolved into a global pandemic. We experienced significant supply chain disruption including product manufacturing delays, restrictions on transportation of goods, and a temporary closure in late March of a key distribution center supplying the Americas. We took extraordinary steps to produce and supply our mission critical products to customers around the world. Our team was agile, pivoting our resources quickly to closely monitor the situation and take bold action. For example, we chartered plans to expedite product delivery from China to North America and Europe to meet customer commitments. Despite best efforts, we were unable to completely fulfill our order book in the quarter, resulting in a high backlog as we entered Q2. Production in China is now returning to normal and we have stabilized our global supply chain through mitigating actions. In addition to the supply chain challenges, we saw softer demand through the channel globally and China sales were very weak with COVID-19 exasperating trends that had already been soft due to trade tensions. However, in any environment, enterprises worldwide utilized our solutions to address the evolving needs of their customers. In this changing environment, our solutions have become even more necessary for our customers. I would like to highlight a few notable Q1 wins supporting critical used cases in omni-channel, e-commerce and healthcare. One of the worlds largest mass merchants purchased 40,000 of our ZQ6 series mobile printers to address a number of front of store use cases, including online store pickup, pharmacy fulfillment, and shelf tagging. Additionally, we deployed several thousand TC5 series mobile computers to a large e-commerce player in Asia. This follows our competitive takeaway win last year of their printing and scanning business. With COVID-19, this e-tailers demand is growing exponentially. They have been hiring staff and we are working with them on additional solutions. In healthcare, we supported the NHS Nightingale temporary hospital in the UK. We provided an installed solutions supporting the identification and flow of COVID-19 patients. Nurses at NHS have also been using our TC5 series healthcare mobile computers to arrange virtual visits between patients and their loved ones. As expected, transitory effects of tariffs and expedited shipping expenses weighed heavily on Q1 gross margin and EPS. We have taken decisive actions to mitigate this impact which drove operating expense leverage, despite lower sales volume. We continue to remain agile and take appropriate action as results are pressured due to these challenging macroenvironment. With that, I will now turn the call over to Olivier to review our Q1 financial results and discuss our outlook.
Olivier Leonetti: Thank you, Anders. Let us walk through the P&L on Slide 6. Net sales declined 1.3% in the first quarter, less than 1% on an organic basis before the impacts of currencies and acquisition. The COVID-19 pandemic caused supply and demand impacts to our consolidated sales growth of approximately seven percentage points. Despite our sales decline, we believe that we generally are performed in the market globally. Our Enterprise Visibility & Mobility segment sales was most impacted by the COVID-19 disruption and sales decreased 2.9%. The largest supply chain impact was the temporary closure in North American distribution center that Anders referenced, which delayed shipments of mobile computers into the channel. Asset Intelligence & Tracking segment sales increased 3.2% with relative strength in printing and Zebra retail solutions. We saw a solid growth in managed and professional services across both segments of the business, primarily driven by solid attach rates on increased product sales over the last 12 months.  Our Locations solutions business was lower due to a pause in project spending. Turning to our regions, in North America, sales were flat, declining mobile computing due to COVID-19 supply chain challenges was offset by growth in all other major categories. EMEA sales increased 7%, with relative strength in mobile computing, printing and services. We saw particular strength in Central Europe. Sales in our Asia Pacific region declined 21%, driven by COVID-19 impacts on top of continued softness in China due to trade tensions. China was down 35%, driving most of the original sales decline. Latin America sales declined 11% led by lower mobile computing sales, largely impacted by supply chain disruption. Adjusted gross margin contracted 200 basis point to 45.2%, driven primarily by List 4 tariffs and expedited freight as well as unfavorable large order mix. Adjusted operating expenses declined $5 million from the prior year period and improved 10 basis points as a percentage of sales. This improvement was primarily due to prudent cost management and lower incentive compensation, partially offset by the inclusion of expenses from recently acquired businesses. First quarter adjusted EBITDA margin was 19.1%, a 200 basis point decrease from the prior period driven entirely by lower gross margin. We drove non-GAAP earnings per diluted share of $2.67, a 9% year-over-year decrease inclusive of $0.17 negative impact from the transitory effects of tariffs and expedited freight expense. Turning now to the balance sheet and cash flow highlights on Slide 7. We generated $95 million of free cash flow in Q1. This was higher than the prior period, primarily due to lower use of working capital. We repurchased $200 million of shares in Q1, leaving $753 million of remaining capacity under the authorization. From a debt leverage perspective, we ended the quarter at the modest 1.5 times net debt-to-adjusted EBITDA ratio. Turning to Slide 8. We are well equipped to navigate the unprecedented global environment that we are facing. As I just mentioned, our balance sheet is in excellent shape with low debt levels and $740 million of capacity under our revolver. We deliver mission-critical solutions, increasingly diverse end-markets. Our capital-light business model has a highly variable cost structure due to all outsourcing of product manufacturing and driving the vast majority of our sales volume to third party distribution. We also have a strong free cash flow profile with a flexible cost structure and capital expenditures typically less than 1.5% of sales. We also have a track record of preserving profitability and cash flow in challenging times. We use a playbook to take appropriate actions in various scenarios, preserving capacity for investments in the business that improve our competitive position. Let us turn to our outlook. Given the low visibility due to COVID-19, we are withdrawing our outlook for full year net sales, adjusted EBITDA margin and free cash flow. We now expect these three metrics to be lower than last year, which would we address to cost actions we announced our profitability and cash flow. Q2 and Q3 expected to be particularly challenging quarters based on macroeconomic forecast, independent market research and feedback from our partners and customers. In this freed environment, we have done extensive scenario planning and identified many operational and financial levers that we can pull. It is imperative that we stick to our principles of acting swiftly to preserve profitability while doing no harm to the business to reinforcement of our culture. This enabled us to prioritize strategic investments, so that we are much stronger than the competition as the market rebounds. As Anders mentioned, we entered the second quarter with a strong backlog driven by temporary supply chain disruptions from the pandemic. As the virus has spread, end market weakness is affecting all of our major geographies across the globe. The impact is more pronounced in our run rate business through the channel as third party distributors are calibrating inventory levels. Given these pressures and elevated uncertainty, we expect net sales to decline in Q2 between 11% and 17%. These outlook assumes an approximately 50 basis point positive impact from recent acquisitions and an approximately one percentage point negative impact from foreign currency changes. We believe Q2 adjusted EBITDA margin would be between 18% and 19%, which assumes lower operating expenses and the lower gross margin reflecting a $5 million impact from List 4 tariffs and approximately $9 million of cost to mitigate supply chain disruption from COVID-19. Collectively, these transitory items, I expect it to impact margin by approximately 150 basis points and EPS by $0.22. Non-GAAP diluted EPS is expected to be in the range of $2.10 to $2.50. Please reference other 2020 modeling assumptions on Slide 9. On Slide 10, we provide an update on the anticipated impacts to Zebra from the Section 301 tariffs on products imported to the U.S. We are generally on track to diversify our global sourcing footprint by mid-2020, despite some modest delays due to COVID-19, particularly in our Malaysian facility. In Vietnam, we have been ramping our expectations. This initiative is expected to mitigate our geographic concentration risk. It also adds the immediate benefit of substantially mitigating List 4 tariffs that became effective last September, impacting our mobile computers and printers. We continue to work with our contract manufacturing partners to replicate production lines in order to move most of our U.S. volumes to broader Asia. These actions are currently expected to result in approximately $20 million of onetime pretax charges in the first half of 2020, plus approximately $10 million of capital expenditures. In the first quarter, tariffs negatively impacted gross profit by $7 million. We expect this impact to decline to $5 million in Q2 as we launch alternate sources of supply outside of China. With that, I will turn the call back to Anders to discuss our Enterprise Asset Intelligence vision and market trends.
Anders Gustafsson: Thank you, Olivier. Slide 12 highlights how we are enhancing the value proposition for our customers. Our solutions are even more critical today than ever as we give the frontline and edge by empowering them with technology to do their job most effectively. Industry-leading companies trust Zebra to equip their workers and facilities with the solutions that bring their mission-critical operations to the next level. We are uniquely positioned to address this challenge because we have a deep understanding of workflows and unmatched access to frontline operational data from our vast installed base. We can address big global problems such as ensuring food safety across the supply chain or a broad range of more localized issues like increasing bed turns in the hospital, modernizing distribution centers to satisfy e-commerce demands or ensuring that retail associates and store inventory are optimized to maintain product availability. We have been bringing our Enterprise Asset Intelligence vision to life for our customers. We are doing this by enabling them to identify their assets through barcode, RFID and computer vision. Locate their assets with our vertical-specific solutions and understand their condition, such as temperature, trailer capacity and device security, so that their frontline workers can take the best next action in real-time. Methods for sensing, analyzing and acting on operational data from the frontline of business have undergone massive transformation in past years as the on-demand economy has taken hold. Inefficient manual processes have evolved into workflows that are augmented and enriched by purpose-built technologies, including hardware, software and intelligent edge solutions that bring it all together. Businesses are now demanding information about what is happening at the edge of their operations so that they can run their entire operation smoother, safer and smarter. They generate large volumes of data and are uncertain how to take all those disparate points of information and effectively put it to work in near real-time. We have been investing in software solutions and services that help our customers leverage real-time data to better orchestrate their workflows and gain a performance advantage. Investments in advancing our capabilities in this area remain a top priority. On Slide 13, we highlight the primary vertical markets that we serve. Exciting longer-term growth remain and new ones are evolving as customers in these markets are pressured to improve their technological capabilities in an increasingly on demand economy. That said, we are seeing mixed trends in this challenging environment, depending on the subsector. Many of our customers are deemed essential businesses, while various others may be temporarily closed for business. In health care, the pandemic dramatically increases the need for additional acute care capacity, which is the primary area that we serve. Our suite of purpose-built health care solutions are enabling pop-up hospitals, drive-through testing facilities and labs to scale quickly and provide safe and efficient care. Other parts of health care have seen a slowdown as government mandates in many locations have paused noncritical care and elective procedures until further notice. Approximately 2/3 of our business in retail is the mass merchants, grocers and e-tailers who are serving essential customer needs. Many retailers rely on our technology to execute their omnichannel fulfillment effectively. E-commerce and Buy Online Pick Up In Store transactions have increased as more consumers navigate purchasing from their homes. However, social distancing and stay-at-home orders are further impacting department stores and certain apparel retailers who are heavily reliant on in-store purchases. In the transportation and logistics space, increased online purchasing from households is driving incremental parcel volume and delivery, which drives increased demand for our solutions. Conversely, government-mandated restrictions are severely pressuring passenger airlines, rental car providers and certain segments of the distribution industry. The manufacturing sector has been challenged with global trade tensions and is facing additional challenges today as stay-at-home orders have deemed many discrete manufacturers, such as auto, aviation and specialty goods, nonessential. That said, some of these customers have been created with their idle operations by producing medical equipment like ventilators, utilizing our solutions. Many segments within process manufacturing, such as food and pharmaceutical companies, remain essential and are less impacted. In closing, we are confident that our business fundamentals and strategy are sound and that this crisis will not last. By focusing on serving our customers needs and continued investment in innovation, we expect to extend our market leadership position as the market rebounds. Now Ill hand the call back over to Mike.
Mike Steele: Thanks, Anders. We will now open the call for Q&A. We ask that you limit yourself to one question and a follow-up, so that we can get to as many of you as possible.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And todays first question comes from Andrew Buscaglia with Berenberg. Please go ahead.
Andrew Buscaglia: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my question. I wanted to touch on your Q2 sales guide. You had a good backlog into the quarter, and it seemed as though you Asia  your North America sales seemed to be okay this quarter. So Im wondering, is this just a function of your backlog? And beyond that, is there a concern you just havent quite seen the effect of this hit other regions outside of Asia?
Anders Gustafsson: Andrew, good morning. We have today a lower visibility of the business due to the impact of COVID-19. And we are basically pegged as a business to the economy. And a lot of what we see in Q2 is a question mark on the length of the stay at home and also the impact of the various stimulus packages, either current or to come. And if you study the company over the recent past, we have an history of rebounding quickly when the economy restarts. Now when it comes to Q2, specifically, what we see today is obviously the impact only due to COVID, we believe we are in a strong competitive position. We believe that, for example, in Q1, we have gained shares. We had a strong backlog entering the quarter. And we see today from a top line standpoint mainly an impact being more pronounced on run rate, which is part of the business going through distribution. And we have seen our distributors, partners adjusting the level inventory. So this is what we see today going on. But we believe we have a strong value proposition, which works well in good and bad times, and were going to be ready to manage this downturn, Andrew.
Andrew Buscaglia: Okay. And then your guidance for EBITDA margin. I think it was a bit ahead of where some people were expecting. Directionally, is this a function of your gross margins being up sequentially? Whats really  whats behind that margin guidance? Thats  sort of ballpark.
Anders Gustafsson: So if you look at  of course, so if you look at EBITDA, at the midpoint, the EBITDA margin will decline year-on-year by about 270 basis points, so 270 basis points. 1.5%, so 150 basis points is due to one-off items, either associated with tariffs or associated with the management of the pandemic, mainly impacting our freight expense. And then the balance is a point of margin being lost due to run rate mix. So if you look at today, if we disaggregate the revenue between bid and run rate, run rate margin is much higher than bids, and we have seen the run rate of revenue declining. However, the margin profile for run rate and bid have been increasing sequentially now for a few quarters. So what you see at play in the profitability is a margin impact and largely  large proportion of the margin impact being due to tariff and C19. From an OpEx standpoint, we believe were going to be able to retain the OpEx as a proportion of revenue constant or relative to last year.
Andrew Buscaglia: Okay. Got it. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Paul Coster at JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Paul Coster: Yes, thanks for taking my question. Ive got two. The first one is, can you give us your latest thoughts on the USPS projects? And I know as we throw the second question in now and that is, it sounds like you expect the channel to destock. Is that a 2Q phenomenon in the guidance? Or do you think it will take more than one quarter for them to do that? And can you quantify that in any way?
Anders Gustafsson: Yes. Good morning, Paul. I will take both of these ones. First, on USPS. USPS contract continues as per our expectations. As weve talked about before, this is a multiyear contract. We certainly feel very proud of it, biggest in our history. I think highlights the strength of our value proposition and the strength of our relationships. Our teams  our respective teams, the Zebra team and the USPS team, they continue to work very closely together. Both sides are very engaged. So theres no expectations or signs from our side that this will be pushed out in any way.  As we said in our last quarter call, we do expect to begin ramping up in Q2, or ramping deliveries in Q2. And we do assume or expect that the majority of all the orders will be deployed by the end of 2021 as the backend is kind of gated by  when the U.S. carriers stop 3G service. And at that point, USPS will need to have moved off to new devices. We have received new orders beyond the current orders, so some new use cases, but within same framework for an additional 30,000 units. So, the business with USPS for us continues to be good. And we certainly look forward to starting to deploy in earnest. And then the other one on destocking the channel, at the moment I would say on a global basis, our distribution partners who are the ones who hold inventory are holding a normal days on hand inventory. We dont see it being high or low, particularly, its going to be within the band considered to be normal. What we tend to see early in the downturn is that when sales out goes down, from a disti perspective, they adjust their days on hand, which means they dont have to buy as much in the short term. And then that tends to be more of a one quarter type of activity. So here we are assuming that there will be a reduction in the run rate for our distis and partners, which will cause some level of lesser inventory or maintain  you have maintain the same level of days on hand inventory. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Keith Housum with Northcoast Research. Please go ahead.
Keith Housum: Good morning guys. Anders you are one of the few guys thats been around since the great recession back in 2008, 2009. Can you give me some of your thoughts in terms of how, I guess, your customers are responding now? And is there that same level of fear now that you had back then? I think we understand how your business has changed. But what was your interpretation of how the customers are reacting?
Anders Gustafsson: I think the  obviously, theres a very different drivers for this crisis versus the 2009 crisis. So Id say our customers today are probably not as  well, back up and say, it very much now depends on which kind of vertical or sub segment of the business you are in. I think in 2009 every customer has concerns about liquidity, and so forth. Here we have a bit of a have and have not. So if youre a mass merchant, a grocer, e-tailer, or in healthcare, some of the delivery businesses, you are doing very well. They are super, super busy. And if you are more of a brick-and-mortar retailer selling apparel, you might be having shut down all your stores. I think from a customer behavior perspective, Id say when the orders around work-from-home started to be enacted it probably took two, three weeks for our customers to kind of scramble and get themselves organized to adapt to the new kind of working environments. They were very focused on just making sure their operations were  continue to run. But in the last  the last month Id say they started to come back and start engaging with us on both current and more future oriented projects. And we are trying to be  make sure we make good use of video conferencing to continue to engage and have the sessions with our customers. And I dont perceive that our customers overall or maybe as concerned with how long, or how are they going to come out of this recession. Maybe it feels like they have a bit more confidence.
Keith Housum: Got it, thank you. And then, I think, I heard some of this in your script, but can you clarify again, like what percentage of your business do you think has done to essential customers?
Anders Gustafsson: We didnt talk about it from the entire business, but if you look at retail specifically, which is our largest vertical, two thirds of our business there goes to mass merchants, grocers and e-tailers. And those are all deemed essential. Yes, weve seen some interesting trends there that as people are adjusted to buying from home, not necessarily visiting the store as much. So Buy Online Pick Up In Store has become much more popular. Grocery volumes have gone up materially, but Buy Online Pick Up In Store has gone up exponentially. And I think thats a consumer behavior that is unlikely to work back to what it was. I think consumers have now learned a new way of shopping that they like. Then if you move, look to healthcare there we have, I would say, the majority of our business is tied to essential activities, acute care, specifically. And we have been part of pop-up hospitals, drive-through test facilities and just scaling existing the care facilities to be able to take care of the number of Covid-19 patients that come in. But obviously theres parts of healthcare that has been deemed non-essential, but thats a smaller part of our business that do elective care and so forth. Within transportation logistics, thats a  I cant really have  I dont have a good percentage number, but a good part of that business is obviously also a part of the essential economy, making sure that the essential supply chains work all the way from pharmaceuticals, to food, to e-commerce. Id say here for us the last mile of delivery so many more deliveries to households today and the last mile delivery drivers tend to have our type of devices. And so thats been helpful. But on the other hand, we see other transportation logistics businesses like aviation, auto, rental car companies and so forth that are under a lot of pressure. And lastly, manufacturing, there, Id say a lot of the discrete manufacturers, such as auto, aviation and specialty goods, nonessential. They make up less than 5% of our total revenues. While most, I would say, process manufacturing companies like food and pharma are deemed essential for us.
Joe Heel: An additional point, Keith, as well, which we think is important, we think that the current situation would actually accelerate the secular trends we are serving. E-commerce, tracking, digitization of workflow, we believe that those trends are going to be even more important going forward.
Anders Gustafsson: Yes, I think, to that point we see that our solutions have become more necessary for our customers as we really do empower the frontline workers across all the end markets. So, these are the people who cannot perform their duties from home. They have to be in hospital, a grocery store or a delivery truck. So I think the crisis is helping to accelerate trends around digitization, automation across the industries.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Jim Ricchiuti with Needham & Company. Please go ahead.
Jim Ricchiuti: Hi thank you. Good morning. I had a question on  Anders, maybe I just wanted to go back to your comment about the haves and have nots, and that Slide 13 where you talk about some of the essential parts of the business in terms of vertical channels. Is it fair to say that the essential components, whether its retail, e-commerce, healthcare, that thats been  you are anticipating that as a net benefit in the first half of the year? Or put it another way, would you expect that that potentially if weve seen increasing investments in those areas that falls off in the second half in addition to the recessionary pressures that you are seeing in the traditional markets? Im just trying to get a sense as  I think you cant give guidance for the full year, but Im just trying to get some feel for how that essential business might change from Q2 to Q3. I think you alluded to Q3, Olivier, being a particularly challenging quarter.
Olivier Leonetti: Yes. So were going to stop short of trying to give real color or guidance on the full year here. But I would say for us we do  our expectations is that this is a not a long-term change in how we operate and the world operates, but more of a several quarter activity. So we certainly expect it to impact Q2 and Q3. And then depending on how quickly the world rebounds we will follow. Id say for us one of the benefits we have is that we have a very robust business, a very diversified business across product lines, vertical markets and geographies. And our value propositions tend to work in good times and bad times, right. Good times, our customers are expanding, they are investing in the business and they use our equipment to help them do that. In tougher times, they tend to trade OpEx for CapEx. So they try to use us to get more efficiencies. Say, right now at the eye of the hurricane here, we are seeing, obviously, the  many of the essential businesses are being very busy this year than they had been before. I think how they are behaving today is that they are generally very focused on just making sure they can scale up their operations and, scale up the use of technology, but not necessarily having the bandwidth to think very creatively about how to leverage new solutions. I think that will come when the world settles down a little bit more. Customers that are not operating today, say, people who have had to shut down their operations, we are talking to them, still to make sure that we stay engaged and figure out how can we help them drive more of the digitization and automation of their businesses as they come back. So we feel that we are  we want to engage with all the customers that we have. But the  obviously, the ones that are essential are much more active in both running their businesses and in looking to figure out how to scale them.
Joe Heel: Let me add something it is Joe Heel speaking. The concept Jim, that you mentioned about the haves and the have nots that Anders described earlier, also applies to a certain extent within the central customers. So, for example, in healthcare customers, you have of course COVID-related activity which is at the moment receiving a lot of attention, and funding, and therefore also activity from us. But you also have elective procedures which are being put off and corresponding investments that hospitals are making are being postponed. Within retailers, you see a lot of things around Buy Online Pick Up In Store, but for example, automation activities like we showcased with robot solution that we introduced earlier, those are being paused. Now the good news is that were not yet seeing a drop off in confidence among those customers. The customers are still engaging with us remotely on those longer term solutions. And so we expect that that have not part will continue even in those essential sectors in the future.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Meta Marshall with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. 
Erik Lapinski: Hi, this is Eric on for Meta. Thanks for taking our question. Maybe just staying on the question of kind of conversations with customers, it sounds like for the most part youve seen maybe a pushing off of projects. But can you help us, I guess, contextualize, like how much could the reason potential just scaling down of maybe the size of some orders? Or have you seen any potential cancellations from may be customers most impacted?
Anders Gustafsson: So today weve only seen a limited number of push outs. We have not seen any cancellations or any scaling down of orders, as you put it. I think  and the customers that have pushed out tends to be the ones that are not operating today at all. 
Erik Lapinski: Got it. Thats helpful. And then maybe just changing gears a bit. On share repurchases, understanding you kind of capitalize on the lower share price in the quarter. Like how should we think about the pace moving forward? Would you continue to be opportunistic? Or should we kind of expect may be more focused on cash flow preservation just looking at the uptick there?
Olivier Leonetti: So we feel strong about the cash flow generation of the company as we said, as I said, we believe we can protect the majority of the free cash flow of the company, even during this downturn. Now the priority for cash allocation is going to be to invest in the business either organically or inorganically. We bought $200 million worth of shares, so its about 2% of our shares outstanding. So at this stage, we are going to be mainly investing in the business and buyback would not be a priority. Now its not going to be totally off the table, but not a priority.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Richard Eastman at Robert W. Baird. Please go ahead.
Richard Eastman: Yes, good morning and thank you. Could you perhaps  Olivier could you perhaps just expand a little bit on the supply chain issues that you had in the quarter? And maybe just speak to this Malaysian facility, which Im assuming was a subcontractor facility had some closure and some downtime. Is it up? And do you  could you just kind of give us a sense of how much revenue that may have impacted the first quarter?
Anders Gustafsson: I think Ill start with this and then Olivier can help fill out some details. So if you go back until our Q4 call, we highlighted that COVID-19 would have an impact on our supply chain, but it was on the supply side of things. Since then the China has largely returned to normal. It took a little longer than expected, I would say. And there was dependent partly on where our contract manufacturing partners were located. So they had to return workers through a two-week quarantine periods, and so forth. But by the end of the quarter, our Chinese contract manufacturing partners were all working at over 90% capacity. So I think they became back a little bit slower, but it came back. We also then in the quarter tried to ramp up both our Vietnam and Malaysia facilities. And timing was a little more challenged as we were supposed to do that the Monday after the lunar New Year. And obviously no Chinese people were allowed to travel there to help set it up and to teach people. But we were, I think, quite agile and creative. So we set up video facilities so that we have people in China sitting and watching via video, what people in Vietnam and Malaysia were doing, to teach them as well as we could. And Vietnam facility has come up very nicely. It manufactured the same number of printers that we had expected, while the Malaysia facility started off a little slow, but then it got shutdown based on the Marshall Law that Malaysia implemented. But were using the same techniques to get that facility up and running. The impact on Q1, I think, was very modest from that perspective. Weve diverted and try to make get as much out of China as we could. It had similar impact on tariffs as we now have to manufacture everything in China, or the vast majority of our products in China instead. And going forward, we expect that supply chain issues are going to be largely behind us. And what you see reflected in our guide for Q2 is many, some demand precious.
Joe Heel: Yes, actually I think call out to our supply chain is in order. Theyve done an excellent job of being agile and working in a very dynamic situation to make sure that the  all these issues had minimal impact on Q1 and Q2.
Richard Eastman: And then just as a follow-up question, are there any receivables or credit issues that you are watching within  the virus dont hold a lot of inventory, but are there any credit issues so we  that you are watching carefully?
Joe Heel: So we are spending a lot of time on working capital, obviously DSO, most particularly. So far, the answer is no. And the way  again, we feel strong about our balance sheet, we feel strong about our free cash flow and we feel strong about our working capital. And we want to use, in selected cases, the strength of our balance sheet to increase the competitive position of the company. So from a credit standpoint so far no particular issues, and we want to help our partners to navigate through this difficult time using our balance sheet.
Olivier Leonetti: And one more thing maybe just to add some color on this. One thing that, I think, benefits us here is that our partners, their business is to resell our products. So if they are cut off from supply  of our products, if they cant get access to our products, their business goes away. So there is a strong incentive from our partners to pay us to make sure that they can stay current and continue to do business.
Operator: Our next question today comes from Brian Drab with William Blair. Please go ahead.
Brian Drab: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. I was wondering first if theres any way that you could help us make, trying to quantify the backlog that youre entering the second quarter with and maybe compare that to a typical quarter. Do you typically enter a quarter with, say, two or three weeks of backlog? And you have doubled that. Can you talk in some terms like that to give us a stance?
Olivier Leonetti: So the size of the backlog entering the quarter was not out of the ordinary. And this size was slightly higher due to some of the dispatch center issues we mentioned. So we had to shut down for about a day at the end of the quarter, one of our dispatch center and that was about $20 million below. So that would be part also of the opening backlog. Nothing out of the ordinary.
Anders Gustafsson: Yes, you can think of it as, the business continued to do well through the first quarter. So order flow was normal. And the one additional thing was that the $20 million that we couldnt ship out of the North America or the Americas distribution center that flipped into Q2.
Brian Drab: Okay, that seems smaller than I would have thought. So thats on, I mean like 2% of revenue so thats enough for you to call that out. There is no other source of additional backlog entering 2Q?
Anders Gustafsson: Nothing of significance out of the ordinary.
Brian Drab: Okay. And then I was just curious, it was  why did that facility, if you can talk about this, why did that distribution center have to shut down? Was that a state-driven decision or was there an illness there? And do you think that this is potentially a risk in the going forward with other distribution centers and facilities? Thanks.
Anders Gustafsson: So this was an outsourced facility, and there was a case of COVID-19. So they shut down for 36 hours and came back and ran a little slower. But even before then, we had started to take some pretty dramatic, drastic actions in making sure that we had team A, B, C, and so forth that we had put out more spacing between people taking a lot of actions to make sure that if anybody worked to get infected, it would impact as only a small team and not the entire facility. So if something like that were to happen again, I would expect it to have much less impact than it had in the first quarter. Another one, which is of size also, the quarter was very backend loaded for obvious reasons, right. The supply chain started slowly at the start and ended up strong. So we had to ship a lot in the last few days of the quarter, and a day of shipment was worth much more than ever before. But we are confident that today largely the risk from a distribution center standpoint is going to be mitigated going forward. We have very good plans to mitigate those risks now.
Operator: And our final question today comes from Jeff Kessler with Imperial Capital. Please go ahead.
Jeff Kessler: Thank you. You have mentioned briefly the three acquisitions that youve made that were not part of the original discussion. Could you just update us on whether or not investment in them is going forward? And if so, what role have they played or could they play later on in the year and into 2021?
Olivier Leonetti: So I assume you talked about Temptime, Profitect and Cortexica. 
Jeff Kessler: Yes.
Olivier Leonetti: Yes. So Id say all three are performing well. Temptime was the first one we made in the beginning of the 2019. They designed and manufactured visual time-temperature monitoring solutions. It goes on  a lot of them goes on vials of vaccines in the developing world. Obviously, great  its very topical today, although we dont have a vaccine yet for COVID-19.
Jeff Kessler: Kind of why Im asking the question.
Olivier Leonetti: Yes. So we are obviously in contact with WHO and others to make sure that when that happens that we can offer our solutions to ensure that the transportation of that vaccine can be temperature controlled and quality controlled. Profitect was the second acquisition we did in June of last year. They do the prescriptive analytics taking lots of different data inputs from a variety of sources, primarily in retail, and using machine learning, AI to detect anomalies. And Id say thats even more critical today as retailers are trying to figure out what they have on the stores, what errors they have and how to quickly be able to assess and rectify that with  and being less dependent on having a physical presence in the store to be able to do this. And lastly, Cortexica, which was the computer vision company we acquired at the end of last year, this is a smaller business, mostly focused  our intent with that is to really leverage the competency of that team less so the kind of the product or the revenue stream. So they are very  been very active in engaging with building out our computer vision capabilities around our EMA robot, particularly, but also solutions. And theyve been a great addition to our team, they have great skill sets.
Jeff Kessler: Okay. Thank you. My follow-up is will be quick. It has to do with your partner program. You mentioned that some of your partners are essentially, if you dont provide them product they have nothing to sell. The question is about have you made any tweaks in that program during this period of time as youve seen ebbs and flows in  ebbs and flows in your supply chain and going into through the channel that increases for some folks and have been decreasing for others?  And what have you been doing with your partner program too, if you want to call it, to make it more efficient for both them and you?
Anders Gustafsson: Yes, I think this is an excellent question for Joe Heel.
Joe Heel: So in our partner program, weve had a lot of requests from partners that we help them both technically with training, but also financially and with the program terms, in particular, like many of the programs, we have some elements in the program that are  or you can think of it like a frequent flyer program, where you have to reach certain levels. And we have already announced that we are adjusting those program terms, were essentially extending it for an additional year. We are also adjusting some of the thresholds that partners need to reach in order to earn their rebates. These are the typical things that you would do in response to a changing business environment when the partners can earn their targets. And I think so far its been quite well received because it means that the partners will be able to operate their businesses at the different levels and still achieve their targets.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the question-and-answer session. Id like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Gustafsson for any final remarks.
Anders Gustafsson: Thank you. Yes. I would like to thank our employees, customers and partners who are working the frontline. We remain committed to supporting you through this challenging time. Be safe, everyone.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes todays conference call. You may now disconnect your lines. And have a wonderful day.

===== 2019 Q4  (2020-02-13 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Q4 and Full Year 2019 Zebra Technologies Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. Please note this event is being recorded.I would now like to turn the conference over to Mike Steele, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Michael Steele: Good morning and thank you for joining us today. Before we begin, I need to inform you that certain statements made on this call are forward-looking and subject to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based on current expectations and assumptions and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially due to factors discussed in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.During this call, we will make reference to non-GAAP financial measures as we describe our business performance. You can find reconciliations of our GAAP to non-GAAP results in today's earnings press release and at the end of this slide presentation. This presentation will include prepared remarks from Anders Gustafsson, our Chief Executive Officer and Olivier Leonetti, our Chief Financial Officer. Anders will begin by discussing our fourth quarter and full year highlights. Then Olivier will provide additional detail on the financials and discuss our 2020 outlook. Anders will conclude with recent progress made on advancing our Enterprise Asset Intelligence vision. Following the prepared remarks, Joe Heel, our Senior Vice President of Global Sales will join us as we take your questions. Also throughout this presentation, unless otherwise indicated, our references to sales growth are year-over-year on a constant currency basis and exclude results from the recently acquired Cortexica, Temptime, and Profitect businesses for the 12 months following each acquisition. This presentation is being simulcast on our website at investors.zebra.com and will be archived there for at least one year.Now, I'll turn the call over to Anders.
Anders Gustafsson: Thank you, Mike. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us. Our team drove profitable growth in the fourth quarter. As you can see on Slide 4, we reported net sales growth of 4.6%, adjusted EBITDA margin of 21.4%, which expanded by 30 basis points, and non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $3.56, a 15% increase from the prior year. We posted a record level of EPS, although it was at the lower end of our guidance range due to tariff expenses at the high end of our expectations and prioritizing a higher mix of large mobile computing year-end budget orders, each of which impacted gross margin.Our diversified business is enabling us to post solid growth despite an uneven global macro economy. The continued soft environment in China was more than offset by growth in our North America and EMEA regions. We grew all our major verticals led by healthcare, retail and transportation and logistics. We drove double-digit growth in our enterprise mobile computing portfolio which capped another exceptional year. Our customers utilize our mobile computing solutions for new use cases on the Android platform as we benefit from our leadership in the transition from the sun-setting Windows operating system.We also continued to drive higher service attach rates on our product sales, which bodes well for future quarters. RFID was another bright spot in the quarter, growing strong double digits. Lower operating expenses enabled us to expand EBITDA margin, despite transitory tariff expenses that weighed on gross margin. By mid-year, we will have a more diversified sourcing footprint, which will enable greater operational flexibility and mitigate the tariffs.In Q4, we acquired Cortexica Vision Systems to accelerate our computer vision capabilities, which I will discuss later on the call. For the full year, Zebra delivered solid results with 5.5% sales growth, 90 basis points of adjusted EBITDA margin expansion, 18% non-GAAP EPS growth and $624 million of free cash flow. We continue to build upon our industry-leading offerings by investing in innovative technologies that elevate our role in enabling the intelligent enterprise. We are entering 2020 with a solid order backlog and we are optimistic that we can drive another record year of performance.With that, I will now turn the call over to Olivier to review our Q4 financial results and discuss our 2020 outlook.
Olivier Leonetti: Thank you, Anders. Let us start with the P&L. As you can see on Slide 6, net sales grew 4.8% in the fourth quarter, which translated to 4.6% on an organic basis before the impacts of currencies and acquisitions. We saw growth in each of our reporting segments. Enterprise Visibility and Mobility segment sales increased 6.3%, led by growth in mobile computing and support services. Asset Intelligence and Tracking segment sales increased 1.2% with relative strength in Services and Zebra Retail Solutions.Turning to our regions; in North America, sales grew 8%, primarily driven by strength in mobile computing, services, and RFID. We saw broad-based strength across our primary vertical markets. EMEA sales increased 4% with relative strength in mobile computing and services. Eastern and Southern Europe were bright spots in the quarter. Sales in our Asia-Pacific region declined 8%, primarily due to continued macro softness in China due to trade tensions. Latin America sales were flat. Adjusted gross profit increased nearly 1% from the prior year period. Adjusted gross margin contracted 190 basis points to 45.8%, primarily driven by a nearly full percentage point net impact from List 4 tariffs and an unfavorable sales mix of large year-end budget orders. We view this Q4 rate as exceptional and not a new normal. Adjusted operating expenses declined $12 million from the prior year period and improved 230 basis points as a percentage of sales. This improvement was primarily due to reduced project spend and lower incentive compensation expense, partially offset by the inclusion of expenses from recently acquired businesses. We will continue to drive a balanced approach of driving operating leverage while making prudent investments in growth initiatives.Fourth quarter 2019 adjusted EBITDA margin was 21.4%, a 30 basis point increase from the prior-year period, including the temporary one point negative impact from tariffs. We drove non-GAAP earnings per diluted share of $3.56, a 15% year-over-year increase, which includes the $0.16 negative impact from List 4 tariffs.Turning now to the balance sheet and cash flow highlights on Slide 7. We generated $624 million of free cash flow for the full year 2019. This was lower than the prior year period, as expected, primarily due to the timing of working capital items. We paid down $312 million of debt in 2019 after the funding of acquisitions and venture investments. We ended the year with 1.3 times net debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio, which is the lowest level since the acquisition of the Enterprise business more than five years ago. We repurchased $47 million of shares in 2019. Our strong balance sheet and cash flow profile provide us ample flexibility to invest strategically and return excess capital to shareholders.On Slide 8, we provide an update on the anticipated impacts to Zebra from the Section 301 tariffs on products imported to the U.S. We are on track to diversify our global sourcing footprint, which will mitigate List 4 tariffs that became effective in September, impacting our mobile computers and printers. We continue to work with our contract manufacturing partners to replicate lines in order to move most of the U.S. volumes to broader Asia. These actions are expected to result in up to an additional $25 million of one-time pre-tax charges through mid-2020 plus $10 million to $15 million of capital expenditures. With these supply chain actions, we expect to substantially mitigate tariffs by mid-2020.In the first quarter, we expect these tariffs to negatively impact gross margin by approximately $10 million and decline to $5 million in Q2 as we launch alternate sources of supply outside of China.Let us turn to our outlook on Slide 9. We entered 2020 with a higher-than-expected order backlog and solid pipeline of opportunities. Our contract manufacturers and all the areas of our supply chain in China have experienced delays as workers returned from the new year later than usual due to the coronavirus outbreak. Our outlook incorporates our best view of the coronavirus impact. We expect net sales growth in Q1 to be between 4% and 7%. This outlook assumes an approximately one percentage point positive impact from recent acquisitions and then approximately 1 percentage point negative impact from foreign currency changes.We believe Q1 adjusted EBITDA margin would be approximately 20%, which assumes improved operating expense leverage and a lower gross margin attributable to a $10 million impact from List 4 tariffs and approximately $4 million of additional freight cost due to the supply chain delays from coronavirus. Non-GAAP diluted EPS is expected to be in the range of $2.90 to $3.10. The estimated negative impact from tariffs and additional freight cost is approximately $0.22. We assume a negligible impact from share repurchase. That said, we will continue to be opportunistic with our share buyback program. Also, we estimate that we could have an additional $0 million to $50 million impact to sales related to the coronavirus outbreak if the situation becomes meaningfully different than expectations.We expect full-year 2020 net sales growth to be between 4% and 6%, which assumes an approximately 30 basis point positive impact from recent acquisitions and an approximately 1 percentage point negative impact from foreign currency changes. Full year adjusted EBITDA margin is expected to be slightly higher than 22%, an improvement from 2019 as we work to drive gross margin expansion and operating leverage. We do not believe that the coronavirus outbreak, as we understand its potential impact today, will have an material impact on our full-year outlook. We believe the risk to be mainly in timing of order fulfillment in near-term.We expect that full year 2020 free cash flow will exceed $700 million, a substantial increase from 2019. You can see other full-year 2020 modeling assumptions on Slide 9.With that I will turn the call back to Anders to discuss the progress we are making on our Enterprise Asset Intelligence vision.
Anders Gustafsson: Thank you, Olivier. We are optimistic about our business as we enter 2020 and we believe we can continue to successfully navigate an uneven global macroeconomic environment. Now turning to Slide 11. We collaborate closely with customers to transform their workflows, so that they can achieve their strategic goals. The value proposition we bring to the market has translated to sales growth in each of our primary verticals for Q4 and the full year. In healthcare, our fastest growing vertical, we are addressing a broad set of challenges that hospital systems are facing across their operations. These challenges range from bedside care to the management of medical supplies and equipment throughout their supply chain. As an example, we have been rolling out mobile computing solutions to the National Health System in the U.K., enabling digitization at the bedside to treat patients, which improves the level of safety and generates real-time and actionable data to optimize the entire supply chain.For manufacturers, Zebra addresses their needs across their business. These include planned floor productivity enabling the smart warehouse and optimizing field operations. Our solutions are resonating with customers because we can demonstrate a positive ROI for our solutions even in a challenging environment. We are excited that multiple prominent manufacturers in North America recently deployed multi-million dollar Android mobile computing and printing solutions to help maximize their productivity in B2B workflows including direct store delivery.In the transportation and logistics space, our customer staff are overextended and their end customers expect service and information instantly in an increasingly on-demand economy. The success we are seeing in this vertical is attributable to the real-time visibility we are bringing to our customers' supply chain, which enables them to increase productivity.I would like to call out our team's success in becoming a partner of choice for nearly all of the largest postal systems around the globe, including the US Postal Service, which will begin to deploy our mobile computers in the second quarter. We empower postal carriers with the mobile technology to increase productivity by scanning, tracking and tracing packages across their network with high level of data security.In retail and e-commerce, omnichannel fulfillment is a critical area where retailers are making significant investments. RFID has become an increasingly important option to improve omnichannel capabilities because it can deliver close to 100% inventory accuracy. As more and more items are source tagged at the point of manufacturer, RFID gains momentum. We are currently deploying an RFID solution to several hundred stores for a major apparel retailer. This customer conducts daily scans of the entire store with handheld RFID devices in less than one hour, which is driving increased sales uplift and lower inventory shrinkage. This customer has also purchased several thousand of our combination RFID readers and barcode scanners for their point of sale transactions. We are pleased with the strategic relationship we have forged with this customer as we collaborate on proofs-of-concept to address additional in-store use cases that can improve their top and bottom-line results.Now turning to Slide 12. As a trusted strategic partner, we orchestrate the end-to-end workflows for customers in the primary verticals that we serve. Last month at the National Retail Federation Expo, we showcased how we accomplish this in retail and e-commerce through a full suite of innovative solutions. These solutions address many operational challenges our customers face as they reinvent their business models. Prescriptive analytics, machine learning, computer vision and mobile computers for all associates are a few key enablers to intelligent retail that we featured at the show.Advancements in technology now allow retailers to generate an unprecedented amount of frontline data on their stores through mobile automation systems, shelf edge cameras, mobile computer scans, inventory, point-of-sale, RFID and other sources. This heavy flow of information is actionable in real-time with our software solution.Zebra prescriptive analytics, formerly known as Profitect analyze massive data streams utilizing machine learning to identify variations in the data in real time. The most impactful recommendations are instantly prioritized and sent directly to workers' mobile devices to take action for optimal outcomes. We have deployed our proven offering with many leading retailers including the Home Depot, Walgreens, Family Dollar, ASTA, REI, Ahold Delhaize and many more. Computer vision capabilities are becoming an increasingly important component of our offering in retail and other vertical markets we serve.In Q4, to further accelerate our capabilities in this area, we acquired London based Cortexica Vision Systems, whose talented engineering team has been developing vision-based analytics and artificial intelligence solutions that include object recognition through machine learning, image and video analysis and visual search. At the NRF Expo, we introduced solutions with our innovative computer vision capabilities, including a flatbed scanner that can visually identify fruits and vegetables, as well as our new intelligent automation solution SmartSight that features a robotic vision system which rolls through store aisles. The system can identify critical issues such as stock-outs or price discrepancies and direct a worker through a mobile computer to correct the situation. We plan to leverage our enhanced computer vision capabilities in next generation offerings to address emerging use cases in markets that we believe represent a multi-billion dollar opportunity.We were proud to feature Office Depot at our booth this year. They demonstrated how they have deployed Zebra's purpose-built mobile computing solutions to empower their associates to transform the customer experience and improve operational efficiency across their stores and distribution centers. Their solution includes our Workforce Connect software application for efficient collaboration among associates. There is a strong and growing trend at many retailers to equip all their associates with mobile devices that enable collaboration with co-workers and customers. We are ensuring that we have the appropriate purpose-built portfolio of mobile computers for our enterprise customers to empower their entire workforce. We featured some of these at NRF and we expect to roll out additional offerings later this year.In closing, our core product offering continues to resonate well in the market. We are broadening our role as a strategic solutions provider, partnering with our customers C-suite. And we are continuing to invest in capabilities that digitize and automate enterprise operations. We've opened large, new attractive market opportunities for Zebra including intelligent automation and computer vision applications, new point-of-sale solutions and mobile devices for all. Now, I'll hand the call back over to Mike.
Michael Steele: Thanks, Anders. We'll now open the call to Q&A. We ask that you limit yourself to one question and one follow-up so that we can get to as many of you as possible.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question will come from Jim Ricchiuti of Needham & Company.
James Ricchiuti: Hi, good morning. Thank you. Two questions, first, I wanted to just talk a little bit about the strength you're seeing in the order book entering 2020, I'd like to know, particularly, which areas of the business and geographies. And then I have a follow-up question as it relates to some of the color you're providing with respect to the coronavirus risk. So just on -- first on the areas of the business where you're seeing the strength. It sounds like good strength in RFID, but I wonder if you could talk a little bit more about it and the sustainability of that strength. Thank you.
Anders Gustafsson: Yes, thank you. First, I think we -- our team executed very well in Q4, we were up almost 5% and that was on top of a 9% growth in 4Q '18. So we had a very tough compare. We saw very solid performance in North America and EMEA. That was offset by softer spend environment, particularly in China. We did see particular strength in our mobile computing portfolio, but also in services and RFID, as you mentioned. We grew all our vertical market -- verticals that we serve, led by healthcare as the fastest with strong double-digit growth followed by retail transportation logistics and manufacturing and for the full year 2019, all verticals we're up also. So we have a very diversified business which is enabling us to post solid growth despite now being in a more uneven global macroeconomic environment. And I guess lastly, we're quite confident that we grew share in 2019.
James Ricchiuti: And so you see those trends as with respect to your guidance-- those same trends are playing out in your Q1 outlook.
Anders Gustafsson: Yes, I think we have a good outlook for the first quarter of 4% to 7% growth. And that's over an 8% growth of the last year. We entered the year with a solid backlog, we have healthy inventory levels in the channel and so we expect now faster year-over-year growth starting to kick in here faster than Q4, and we continue to see North America and EMEA as the strongest geographies for us and we also currently expect China to continue to show softness. I don't know, go-to-market side, I think we have good discipline around our offerings and pricing and our value proposition continues to resonate well. For the first quarter, though, we aren't expecting the USPS to participate, that roll out will start in Q2.
James Ricchiuti: Okay. Thank you, Anders for that. And just with respect to the coronavirus, I think we all appreciate the challenges of trying to forecast the business with these fast moving developments. But I'm wondering, as you see the business now, are you -- does your guidance for Q1 anticipate any revenue potentially shifting out into Q2? I mean, you've highlighted some additional freight expense and then the $0 million to $50 million impact that you identify on sales, is that -- I wonder if you could talk a little bit about whether that is more supply chain related or potentially demand related that you're anticipating. Thank you.
Olivier Leonetti: Let me answer to this question, Jim. So as you indicate that the situation is obviously very fluid. We have new news every day. Our base case or the 47% growth for Q1 assumes the impact of the coronavirus as we know it. So for example, we have reflected shifting demand, lower demand in China, additional freight cost and to give you a bit more colors on what is going on with our supply chain, our teams are taking their pills pretty much multiple times a day, all our Tier 1s, our key partners are back to work and ramping productions. Our Tier 2 partners are largely back to work and ramping production every day. And our supply chain is operating with some manageable bottleneck. So the situation is fluid and we believe we can manage the impact of the virus as we know it. If we were to have an impact in Q1, we don't think it would be the case, on top of what we put in the guide. We believe that the impact will be timing and that our full year guide would be intact.Now, let me comment on the additional $0 million to 50 million additional potential risk on the top-line. Again, that's not our expectation. Our expectation is that we would be able to mitigate the impact of the tariff as we know it, but if the ramp of our production was not to be as per our expectation, we wanted to give you some bookends about the potential impact and we size the impact to $0 million to $50 million, again would be timing if that unlikely scenario was to materialize.
Anders Gustafsson: Okay, then just one thing to add to that. We've talked on earlier calls about our supply chain diversification strategy to mitigate the impact of tariffs. So our manufacturing in Vietnam and Malaysia for printing and mobile computing is now ramping up and would have an impact on the quarter also.
James Ricchiuti: Thank you.
Operator: The next question will come from Meta Marshall of Morgan Stanley.
Meta Marshall: Great, thanks. Maybe first question just on -- you mentioned the USPS deal coming in, in the second quarter. And just maybe what explicit you've built into the year as far as that deal, just given the size and magnitude. And then maybe second question just -- you're below kind of your net debt target at this point. So just how -- and you are going to generate a meaningful amount of free cash flow in the next year. So just how are you thinking about use of free cash? Thanks.
Anders Gustafsson: So, yes. Thank you. I'll start with the USPS part. So first, we are very proud of our USPS win. That's a big win for us and it augments the relationship we had with USPS. They were already customer of our other product and solutions before. The specific solution helps the USPS optimize the visibility of package delivery and also the execution across their carrier network. This is a multi-year contract. It's the largest in the history of the company and I think it highlights the strength of our value proposition here. The award includes our TC77 mobile computers, Mobility DNA, some custom software, as well as, managed and professional services. The ramp-up is -- it will start in Q2 and the -- our outlook assumes the majority of orders will be deployed in 2021.We've taken a prudent view here and only included the orders that we have visibility into our 2020 outlook. As the U.S. 3G cellular service providers will be ending 3G service at the end of 2021, that is definitely a consideration for the roll-out cadence and we expect that the USPS will basically be done by, with the entire roll-out, before the end of 2021 to make sure that they have devices they can work on, on the 4G network. And I said -- maybe come back to that later, but we won a lot of other good postal service wins that Joe can pick up on.
Joachim Heel: Yes, just as additional context, right, postal services around the world are making the transition that many of our customers are making from Windows-based to Android-based devices and we've been fortunate to participate in and win the largest tenders in each of the four regions we participate in. In Asia, we won the largest deal, which you know about with Australia Post, in Latin America, earlier in 2019, we won the largest deal there. And recently we've also won the largest deal in the European postal system, all of which have transitioned to our Android computer. So postal service is one of those areas of strength for us at the moment.
Olivier Leonetti: Let me cover your cash allocation question. So as you indicated, as you related to, our leverage ratio at the end of the year was 1.3 times net debt to EBITDA, the lowest since the Enterprise acquisition. Our business has a strong cash flow generation, we would be investing in the business organically, but also deploy our cash through M&A and also investments in our venture fund. We also will deploy cash to a buyback program. As a reminder, we have -- we had an authorization for $1 billion buyback authorization. We bought to date about $47 million and we would be in the market this year. We believe that, over the year, we'd buy back above 2% of the market cap of the company and we would be more opportunistic in a particular quarter, based upon the behavior of our stock price. But the guide for EPS in Q1 does not assume any impact from buyback.
Meta Marshall: Got it. Thanks, guys.
Operator: The next question will come from Brian Drab of William Blair.
Brian Drab: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. I just wanted to ask following those comments, Anders about the USPS. The majority of orders you said would be delivered in 2021. This is, well, public knowledge that this is a $570 million max contract, it doesn't seem like it's impacting the 2020 year as much as -- at least I was expecting, I mean, I was thinking maybe this is like a $150 million a year and would add three points of the growth rate in 2020. It doesn't look like you've incorporated that much in the 2020, given it's starting in the second quarter. But when you say the majority in 2021 in the contract, should we -- like those devices should be delivered by the end of 2021. I think some people including me -- I'm being left with the impression that maybe this could be like $400 million or $300 million plus in revenue in 2021 just from this contract. And I -- can you just help us reconcile that if I'm way off?
Anders Gustafsson: Well, first the -- we have a -- basically looked at the delivery schedule that we have received from the USPS which is the baseline we have for what we've included in 2020 and that assumes that the majority of orders will be delivered next year. Now there is certainly an opportunity that some of that can be pulled in, but that's not part of our base case, we want to -- our base case is that whatever they have told us today will be as the -- as their projected delivery schedule is what we put in our guide and our outlook. But there is -- no, there is opportunities that can be better.
Brian Drab: But...
Olivier Leonetti: Yes, we will consider -- we would consider the holdup assumptions we have factored in the guide to be prudent.
Brian Drab: Well, I need -- I'm looking for more specifics than just that. You know what I mean? I think that if you say what you said so far in the call, I guess I would reasonably model it like $400 million in revenue from 2021 from this contract.
Olivier Leonetti: Yes. That's the best information we can...
Brian Drab: Is that -- and is there any shipment to this contract you think beyond 2021 or it's pretty much, you said it's done really with deliveries by the end of '21?
Anders Gustafsson: In there is -- there can be deliveries afterwards, true, there includes, also, other parts of it, repairs and other services that could come with it and they have the opportunity to continue to replace damaged devices or buy beyond what they have initially said. So the contract doesn't end at the end of 2021 and the number they have put out in the --the total dollar volume put out by the USPS envisions that this is not a two-year contract but a longer contract.
Brian Drab: Okay. Is it possible that you could have deliveries that total more than $300 million in revenue to this contract in 2021?
Anders Gustafsson: I don't think we want to comment on the specific dollar amounts for this contract. We can kind of -- we've tried to share what we know today and what we think is a prudent outlook for 2020 and I think we have to leave it at that.
Olivier Leonetti: And, Brian we have also a few large accounts as part of the portfolio as well. So USPS is obviously one of them, but not the only one.
Brian Drab: All right. It's the only one that I saw a $570 million figure associated, that's why I'm asking about it and it's the largest in the company's history, as Anders has mentioned. So, and then just where are you with the 15 -- where is the industry with the $15 million figure in terms of the upgrades? What's your latest view or comment on that? Thanks.
Anders Gustafsson: Yes, so the -- on Android, broadly, as I've said, we have a number of good drivers for the Android business, I'd say three clear strong drivers. First, we will be around new use cases. If you go back and look at the number of applications or use cases, our customers used mobile computers for, say five years back, it was probably mid-single-digits. Today, most of our larger customers are probably more like 50, 60 different use cases and applications and we think that is going to continue to expand. So that's been a great driver. The Android transition from the legacy Windows operating systems continues. There were several of the older Windows OS versions that went out of support at the end of January of this year. Our best estimate is that there is still approximately 10 million legacy Windows devices in the market that needs to be upgraded. Our market share in Android continues to be very strong at 60-plus percent and the warehouse migration there is still gaining momentum, I'd say, and a great opportunity for us.At the second half of last year, certainly in Q4, we did start to see also, I guess, a new driver and that's Android refreshes. So it's now five years since we started shipping Android and some of those devices are now getting ready for a refresh. The earlier devices we had don't have the memory or processing capabilities to support all the different use cases, all the different applications our customers are putting on it as well as the processing requirements required by -- to run the newer -- the most recent android versions.And lastly, I'd say, also, as a new trend we're seeing is, our customers are looking for to deploy mobile computers much more densely or deeply into their organizations, they are looking to have basically a device into the hand of every employee, particularly in healthcare and retail. We are expanding our portfolio of solutions to enable our customers to have the right device for the right worker, where we can then generate a positive ROI for them in those areas. We have had an order in Q4 from a large U.S. retailer, which included our new EC30 device, which was intended to be basically deployed to all their employees. And that drives also a lot of Workforce Connect applications because most of those applications of use cases are predicated on driving greater collaboration between store employees or inter-store employees and customers.
Brian Drab: Okay, thank you for all that detail. I appreciate it.
Anders Gustafsson: Yes.
Operator: The next question will be from Keith Housum of Northcoast Research.
Keith Housum: Good morning, guys. I was hoping for a little bit more color on the guide. If -- it looks like the full year guide is actually a little bit more conservative than the first quarter. Especially, I can appreciate the fact that the postal service will be more back-end loaded sort of 2021, but still it should add, I think, approximately a few points of growth for the third and fourth quarter and you have easier comps you are going against. So what are you seeing on the horizon, I guess, that gives your full year guidance and perhaps a little bit lower than what we might expect based on the first year guidance -- first quarter guidance?
Olivier Leonetti: So, we believe -- so as you indicated, Keith, most of the USPS order will be deployed next year. We believe that for the remaining of the year that this outlook is prudent. It's going to be a more than respectable growth based upon what we see in the market, based upon the strength of our go-to market, based upon the strength of our product and solution offering, we believe that we should be able to deliver this prudent rest of the year guide, Keith.
Keith Housum: Okay. So are you forecasting processes -- the overall demand market to actually be decreased or they kind of maybe get a little bit worse? Is that part of your expectations for economic growth?
Olivier Leonetti: That's not the case. So far, if you look at the performance of Zebra, Q4 of 2019 was stronger than Q3. Q1 guide is going to be stronger than Q4. So, we see an acceleration of the business. But based upon the various macro events and other phenomenon happening in the market, we believe it's the most prudent approach to guide in the way we did.
Keith Housum: Okay. And a follow-up question for you on operating expenses. R&D was up, sales and marketing was up perhaps a bit more than we thought. Are those increases, I guess, quarter-over-quarter, is that more due to acquisitions or was there perhaps a change in intent in R&D to increase investment there?
Olivier Leonetti: So if you look at OpEx as a proportion of revenue, we have been scaling that ratio significantly every quarter, actually even more in Q4. If you look at the R&D line, we indeed add the impact of acquisitions playing out in the quarter. But the key principle we have in mind as we manage the P&L of the company is to scale OpEx as a proportion of revenue rather than looking only at OpEx. And we have been able to do that every quarter, mainly in Q4, actually.
Keith Housum: All right, thank you.
Operator: The next question will come from Richard Eastman of Robert W Baird.
Richard Eastman: Yes, good morning. Olivier, could you just double back for a second to the gross margin degradation we saw in the quarter and maybe just provide a little bit of color around both AIT and the EVM decline year-over-year in basis points? If you could just sift through that a little bit, you mentioned tariffs, you mentioned this large order. Was that in the mobile computing side? And just maybe sift through that a little bit just to give us a sense of maybe that -- it's an unusual number here and not to model that kind of going forward.
Olivier Leonetti: Absolutely. So as you indicated, and I would go through the details in a second. The Q4 margin profile wise was exceptional and the guide for Q1 and the full year of 2020 implies us going back to normal. So going back into the details, Richard, we -- relative to the implied guide we had for Q4, our margin rate was lower by about 1 point. As I indicated in my prepared remarks, this 1 point degradation is due to large margin orders that we have to shift to meet our customer year-end budget demands. That impacted AIT and EVM but mainly mobile computers.And if I was to go through the various elements of impacts trying to bridge the point, the lower point we had a margin relative to our guide, the impact of higher tariffs than expectations were about 40 basis point. The impact of higher freight as we had to expedite those large orders, the impact was about 20 basis point and the lower margin due to the mix of large orders was about 40 basis points. So you see the full impact, the full break of the one point. Now we are working all the time on initiatives to improve gross margin. We believe we have a nascent set of activities, we will launch in 2020 to improve gross margin. We could go into the details, if you want, Richard, and we feel definitely that Q4 was an exceptional point.
Richard Eastman: Could you -- when you look out to '20, for the full year in '20 and you look at the gross margin, perhaps year-over-year, would you expect you're taking out some of the cost of the tariff and the supply chain that comes out of the adjusted number? So should we expect to see 20 to 40 basis points of gross margin improvement for the full year when we look out to 2020?
Olivier Leonetti: So we believe that we will increase gross margin 2020 over 2019, net of the elements you mentioned, so tariffs and exceptional freight cost. And why am I saying that? Let me give you maybe a few examples of the levers we're using. So from a pricing standpoint, for example, we have been addressing more and more reach verticals part of the market, healthcare being one of them, for example. We have been deploying resources to maximize, this is actually not the only one, the segment mix improvement will drive margin up. That would be one.We're also launching a new tool, we have been piloting this tool now for about a year. The new tool for pricing transactional orders using machine learning has been launched, as we speak. We believe that, that will improve our margin profile as well. And from a COGS standpoint, very quickly, we are designing to value our products that has been a constant with platforming also, our various products are using the same platform across various product lines and one which will have also a material impact on the margin profile for 2020 is that we have reset our service network outside North America. And that will significantly improve the margin of our service business and now more so a material impact on the margin of Zebra as a whole. So again a nice set of activities to keep improving the margin profile of the business as we have done now for a number of years.
Richard Eastman: And just -- maybe just one last question along similar lines here, but as we have moved production out of China into Vietnam, I think you mentioned Malaysia, does -- number one, does that -- is that mostly mobile computers and printers or are there scanners being done there? And then just by definition, is that movement to Vietnam and Malaysia, do you pick up some basis points of gross margin or lower COGS on that movement out of China just structurally?
Anders Gustafsson: So, I'll take this one. So first, the objective here is to move U.S.-bound volume out of China to ensure we can mitigate tariffs. We are moving out our printing volume to Vietnam, and most of our mobile computing volume to Malaysia, but also going to some other countries. On the scanning side, that was already outside of China. That was in -- we manufacture our scanners in Mexico and in Taiwan, primarily. But with these programs looking to wrap up by middle of this year, we would expect to largely mitigate all the tariff impacts.From an ongoing gross margin perspective, we think of them as neutral today, while, say, labor cost might be a little lower in Vietnam. Early on, we will have a little bit more freight cost moving piece parts and other components into Vietnam. But over time, we will work on making sure that we get that to be an improvement to our gross margins.
Richard Eastman: Okay, excellent. Thank you.
Operator: The next question will come from Paul Coster of J.P. Morgan.
Paul Chung: Hi, this is Paul Chung on for Coster. Thanks for taking my questions. So just a follow-up on mobile computers. Are you still kind of selling Windows-based mobile computers and is that kind of keeping the opportunity at 10 million units? And then you mentioned you're seeing more Android refreshes happening, suggesting maybe a lifecycle of five years. Is this kind of a shorter lifecycle than your legacy products and what are the main factors kind of driving that refresh, assuming this contribution is quite low at the moment kind of relative to your new deployments? if you could confirm that as well. And I have a follow-up.
Anders Gustafsson: All right, I'll see if I -- hope that I can remember. I'll start with the -- if we are selling Microsoft devices into the markets still? And the answer is yes. We -- I think it was 2017 for us where we switched over to make Android at the highest volume of our business, but we do still sell and support our customers who have existing deployments of Microsoft devices. But it's fair to say that I don't -- I can't think of a large new customer that have selected Windows. It is basically to service the existing installed base of those accounts and over time, they are -- I would say, they are all looking to migrate to Android. Now we have the, I'd say, the highest proportion of our volume in Android. So if you look at other players in the industry, they are still selling more Windows devices and some of them are selling more Windows than Android even. And if you look at some markets like Asia, Windows is still quite a strong platform there. It might seem a little counterintuitive as some of those software packages have gone out of support, but that is what we're seeing.So on the one hand, we are eating into the 10 million legacy devices by shipping new Android devices, but on the other end of that volume, we and others are adding new Windows devices also.
Olivier Leonetti: And just to complement, we see that as a positive trend. We have been able to post a strong sales performance in mobile computing despite the market still buying a lot of Windows due to, as we said earlier, new use cases, and also a device for hold being a new trend in this part of the market.
Anders Gustafsson: And I'll also touch on the Android refresh and then I'll ask Joe Heel here to add in some more color. But on the Android refresh, we started shipping our TC55 and MC40s about, give or take, five years back. Those devices bode on the, say, longevity in the market, wear and tear, but maybe more so based on the memory capacity processing speed and so forth are no longer able to support our customers objectives. Our customers are looking to deploy many more applications which all use memory and processing speed and also if you're looking to upgrade to newer current Android versions, they all require more memory and more processing speed.So -- I think this is a fair comment around Android overall that the refresh rate will be higher than for Windows devices. There is a lot more innovation going on around the Android platform than there was historically even when Windows was, say, a fresh and the default operating system platform for the industry. So we do expect to see a higher level of Android refreshes than we did on or shorter lifecycle for our Android devices than we did for Windows.
Joachim Heel: Yes. Perhaps there's some additional color on that. I think you are seeing five-year lifecycles at this point, but we do see customers making their ROI calculations often with three-year time horizons now. So we do expect that the life expectancy that our customers will have will trend in that direction. And if you think from the customer perspective, you'll -- we would say -- we would cite three things that customers are saying are driving them to these refreshes. One is applications. There is a significant increase in applications that customers are putting on our devices where they originally may have used to adjust for inventory management, now they use it for a customer application, they use it for voice communications. There is a significant increase of those applications.Number two, with those applications come new demands on the technology. The technologies need more memory, as Anders was saying, in addition to the inherent technology requirements, driven by the ongoing Android upgrade cycles, Right? Those are on very short 18 months or so intervals. And then the last piece is reuse cases that are being put on devices all the time where they're being used for purposes that five years ago were not even being envisioned. So all three of those are driving the increased refresh -- shorter refresh cycle and increased refresh volume.
Paul Chung: Thanks for that. And then switching gears on new products, particularly the kind of new automated robots you were showcasing at NRF, do you have any kind of customers highlighting that solution in groceries, and are you seeing any kind of actual demand to deploy these solutions or are we kind of bit early? And then if you could also provide an update on SmartPack solution for trailers. Do you see any momentum there? Just kind of want to get a sense for solutions in the pipeline, kind of newer solutions and which ones you think will have the biggest impact in the near term. Thank you.
Anders Gustafsson: First, I'd say that our new solutions is going to be Intelligent Edge-type solutions, have been growing very nicely for the last several years. So obviously off a smaller base, but the growth rate has been quite attractive and met with our internal expectations for 2019. At NRF we showcased a number of new solutions. We had our SmartSight solution with our EMA robot. We had our MP7000 flatbed scanner with color camera, we had Smart Edge with our heads-up displays, so you saw a number of new solutions that are quite different from the type of solutions that the industry has offered before. On SmartSight, first that -- we've been developing that for several years, we have it in pilots with some large customers. So we certainly expect that there'll be demand for it. We are working with a number of our customers to figure out how can we be best introduced into their environments.And our Smart Edge with the heads-up display, that's, I think, a very attractive solution. It helps to really modernize the whole interface with warehouse management systems and drive great productivity improvements and the heads-up display is just one way that we can render those benefits, but they can be done in a variety of other ways also. And I think, Joe, can add some additional value on how we've been doing with customers on these.
Joachim Heel: Sure. So first of all with the -- you also asked about SmartPack. SmartPack is one of the solutions we have great expectations for. And we introduced that with a large U.S. lead customer where we have a very broad deployment with tens of thousands of dock doors deployed and we now have several other customers that are piloting this in an advanced mode and we have one customer now in Europe, which is a significant milestone to take this to another continent, that is broadly deploying this across their European network of thousands of dock doors. So we're confident about the SmartPack solution being one of the successful ones.The other two that are worth mentioning in our IEF portfolio of solutions are RFID. RFID, we've had this in the prepared remarks, has been extremely strong for us for quite some time. We believe this solution has reached a tipping point and the other one we would mention is Workforce Connect as a solution for collaboration that leverages our mobile computers has also been a very strong solution for us in across multiple large customers.
Paul Chung: Thank you very much.
Operator: The next question will be from Andrew Buscaglia of Berenberg.
Andrew Buscaglia: Hi, guys. A quick question on -- so you made the comment that you saw some more share gains in 2019, which is -- it's -- I think that's fairly well known, but it's sort of a double-edged sword in that I'm trying to get a sense on your pricing and your pricing power this year. Do you have concerns that your competition will maybe use pricing as a lever, and I guess what fortifies you from side stepping that?
Anders Gustafsson: So, if I understood you correctly, you're asking if our competition is using pricing as a lever to compete against us?
Andrew Buscaglia: Yes. And if that is a concern of yours, given you're selling...
Anders Gustafsson: Yes, well, it's a competitive -- first it's a competitive market. We are working in some very attractive but competitive markets and price is definitely a factor. Now, that's not new. I wouldn't say that pricing is any more competitive today than it has been historically. We try to differentiate ourselves by making sure that we have the best solutions, first and foremost, and we tend to win with a premium over our competitors. So we -- I think our -- for a variety of reasons, the breadth of our solutions, the innovation around our solutions and some of the uniqueness that we have that others can't match, enables us to get that extra premium. It's not intimate, but it is a meaningful premium. And then, Joe, maybe you...
Joachim Heel: I'll add two things. So we do pay significant attention to the subject of pricing. I'll give you two specific examples or data points. One is in the mobile computing area where we have the majority of -- we have had some of the significant share gains, we talked about earlier. The majority of those deals are done on, what we would call, a price concession, so special prices given to our customers. And we have a great discipline within the company of managing those price concessions. And so we pay a lot of attention to that from a sales management perspective.The second thing you heard in the prepared remarks that we're introducing some capabilities in the pricing area and we are deploying some software and capabilities that allow us to manage pricing at a very granular level, precisely because this is a very important lever for us.
Andrew Buscaglia: Got it. Okay, that's helpful. And, Olivier, you mentioned pushing more into the software and services. It's obvious that's kind of the route you guys are going long term, but do you care to talk about or do you have an internal vision or target of where you see that as a percentage of your portfolio? And then, I guess, what's the strategy? Do you still want to get out with more products like more things like SmartSight before you really go all-in focus on that side of the business or will we continue to see software kind of roll-out in tandem with products?
Olivier Leonetti: So, if you look at the service and software part of the portfolio, it has been, particularly this year, growing at a higher rate than the overall company average. The reason for this, as you start to have a sense, is based upon all the new capabilities we are launching and being as a company, a true orchestrator of our customer's workflows and that drives an increase in the revenue for this part of the market, but also an increase in the profile for -- margin profile for the company overall because of this impact. Where that could go? Those markets are large and we are excited about our ability to win and play in those markets.
Andrew Buscaglia: All right, thanks guys.
Operator: And this concludes our question and answer session. I would now like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Gustafsson for any closing remarks.
Anders Gustafsson: Thank you. We are committed to supporting our employees, customers and partners as we work through the coronavirus situation. We are optimistic about 2020 and we see much opportunity ahead. I am grateful and excited that our Zebra team and trusted partners have positioned us for continued success.I would also like to welcome the Cortexica team and the talents they bring to our organization. Have a great day, everyone.
Operator: Thank you. The conference has now concluded. Thank you all for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect your lines. Have a great day.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-10-29 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Q3 2019 Zebra Technologies Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. Please note, this event is being recorded.I would now like to turn the conference over to Mike Steele, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Michael Steele: Good morning. Thank you for joining us today. Before we begin, I need to inform you that certain statements made on this call are forward-looking and subject to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based on current expectations and assumptions and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially due to factors discussed in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.During this call, we will make reference to non-GAAP financial measures as we describe our business performance. You can find reconciliations of our GAAP to non-GAAP results in today's earnings press release and at the end of the slide presentation.This presentation will include prepared remarks from Anders Gustafsson, our Chief Executive Officer; and Olivier Leonetti, our Chief Financial Officer. Anders will start with our third quarter highlights. Olivier will then provide more detail on the financials, discussing our fourth quarter outlook and our decision to diversify our global sourcing footprint. Anders will conclude with progress made on Zebra's Enterprise Asset Intelligence vision. Following their prepared remarks, Joe Heel, our Senior Vice President of Global Sales will join us, as we take your questions.Also throughout this presentation, unless otherwise indicated, our references to sales growth are year-over-year on a constant currency basis and exclude results from the recently acquired Profitect, Xplore Technologies, and Temptime businesses. This presentation is being simulcast on our website at investors.zebra.com, and will be archived there for at least one-year.Now I'll turn the call over to Anders.
Anders Gustafsson: Thank you, Mike. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Our team executed well and drove profitable growth in the third quarter. As you can see on Slide 4, we reported net sales growth of 3%, which was on top of 15% growth in the prior year period. And adjusted EBITDA margin of 22.7%, a 160 basis points year-over-year improvement. And record quarterly non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $3.43, a 19% increase from the prior year.Growth in our North America and EMEA regions was partially offset by soft spending environment in China. However, our diversified business is enabling us to successfully navigate an uneven global macro economy. We continue to extend our lead in enterprise mobile computing through the broadest and deepest portfolio offering. Enterprise workers are utilizing our mobile computers for an increasing number of use cases. We are also benefiting from leading the multi-year transition to Android from the Windows Operating System.Services was a bright spot, growing double digits, as we realized higher support and repair attach rates. RFID, location solutions, and Zebra Retail Solution also performed particularly well in the quarter. Operational discipline and cost efficiencies enabled us to drive profitable growth without compromising investments in our organic growth and in our employees.Also of note, we confirmed our decision to diversify the sourcing of most of our U.S. volumes out of China. This work together with other actions we have taken is expected to substantially mitigate the recently enacted Section 301 List 4 tariffs by mid-2020.Overall, we are pleased that our value proposition and industry leading portfolio of products and solutions is resonating with customers worldwide. Our team is winning business with a broad range of leading enterprises, including our largest win in Zebra's history with the U.S. Postal Service, which we announced this morning. We have solid momentum in our business as we finish the year and enter 2020.With that, I will now turn the call over to Olivier to review our Q3 financial results and discuss our Q4 outlook and the initiative to diversify our product sourcing footprint.
Olivier Leonetti: Thank you, Anders. Let us start with the P&L. As you can see on Slide 6, net sales grew 3.5% in the third quarter, which translated to 3% on an organic basis before the impacts of currencies and acquisitions. We saw growth in each of our reporting segments.Enterprise Visibility & Mobility segment sales increased 2.7%, led by growth in mobile computing and support services. Asset Intelligence & Tracking segment sales increased 3.5% with growth in printing, services, location solutions and Zebra Retail Solution.Turning to our regions. In North America, sales grew 6%, primarily driven by strength in mobile computing, services and every RFID. We saw particular strength in healthcare, retail and transportation and logistics. EMEA sales increased 2% with quality strength in data capture, printing and services. We saw growth across most countries.Retail and transportation and logistics were particularly strong and we saw continued traction in RFID. Sales in our Asia Pacific region declined 5%, entirely due to macro softness in China. Latin America sales declined 2%, due to fewer large orders in Mexico.Adjusted gross margin expanded 130 basis point from the prior year period, primarily driven by go-to-market discipline, cost efficiencies, and favorable business mix, all of which was partially offset by 20 basis point net impact from List 4 tariffs.Consistent with one of our key operating principles, we drove operating leverage, while continuing to make prudent investments in our growth initiatives. As a result, adjusted operating expenses as a percentage of net sales improved 70 basis points from the prior period.Third quarter 2019 adjusted EBITDA margin was 22.7%, a 160 basis points increase from the prior period. We drove non-GAAP earnings per diluted share of $3.43, a 19% year-over-year increase, which includes a $0.03 EPS impact from List 4 tariffs.Turning now to the balance sheet and cash flow highlights on Slide 7. We generated $376 million of free cash flow in the first nine months of 2019. This was $36 million lower than the prior year period, entirely due to the increased working capital usage in the first quarter, which we previously discussed. Free cash flow generation in the second and third quarters was higher than the prior period, and we expect a strong finish to the year. Our 1.6 times net debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio is near the bottom of our target range of 1.5 to 2.5 times. We continue to pursue opportunities to lower our cost of debt while maintaining a flexible structure. We recently amended our credit agreement, which we lower our cost of borrowing by approximately 25 basis points, as the lower pricing becomes effective in late October. This action along with an expanded European accounts receivable factoring program positions us for lower of the whole cost of debt.In Q3, we repurchased $20 million of shares under our $1 billion share repurchase authorization. Our strong balance sheet, and free cash flow profile provides us the flexibility to maintain our debt leverage target range while investing in our business, including acquisitions, and returning capital to shareholders.Like many other technology companies, we have been sourcing the vast majority of our products from China. On Slide 8, we provide a detailed update on the impact to Zebra from the Section 301 tariffs on products imported to the U.S. As previously mentioned, Zebra is paying a 25% tariff on List 1 to 3, which includes certain scanners, components and accessories. We have substantially mitigated these tariffs through a combination of supply chain moves and pricing adjustments.Starting midyear, we began executing on an initiative to diversify our global sourcing footprint to mitigate List 4 tariffs that were announced in August, which impacts mobile computers and printers. We're working with our contract manufacturing partners to replicate production lines in order to move most of our U.S. volumes to broader Asia. These actions are expected to result in up to $30 million of one-time pre-tax charges through mid-2020, plus between $10 million to $15 million of capital expenditures. With these supply chain actions, along with modest price adjustments announced in September, we expect to substantially mitigate List 4 tariffs by mid-year 2020.In the fourth quarter, we expect these tariffs to negatively impact gross profits by $5 million to $10 million. The impact is expected to peak in the first quarter at between $15 million and $25 million, as we realize a full quarter of impact and should moderate through mid-2020, as we launch ultimate sources of supply. As we taken no action, we would face greater than $100 million of annualized tariff duties.Let us turn to our outlook on Slide 9. Net sales growth in Q4 2019 is expected to be between 4% and 6%, which is on top of an 11% nominal growth in the prior year period. This outlook assumes an approximately one percentage point, positive impact from recent acquisitions, and an approximately one percentage point negative impact from foreign currency changes.We believe Q4 2019 adjusted EBITDA margin would be between 22% and 23%, which assumes operating expense leverage and a lower gross margin entirely attributable to a $5 million to $10 million expected net gross margin impact from List 4 tariffs.Non-GAAP diluted EPS is expected to be the range of $3.55 to $3.75. The estimated negative net tariff impact is between $0.08 and $0.15, and were assuming a negligible impact from share repurchases. That said, we will be opportunistic with our share repurchase program.We continue to expect that full year 2019 free cash flow will exceed $625 million. You can see our order full year 2019 modeling assumptions on Slide 9.With that, I will turn the call back to Anders to discuss the progress we are making on our Enterprise Asset Intelligence vision.
Anders Gustafsson: Thank you, Olivier. We expect to finish the year strong despite an uneven macroeconomic environment and incremental tariffs.Now turning to Slide 11. We are leveraging our deep knowledge of workflows to help businesses across many industries digitize their operations. Technology mega-trends including mobility, automation, cloud computing and the industrial Internet of Things are enabling us to drive new use cases and transform the workflows of our customers. We serve a wide range of vertical markets including retail and e-commerce, transportation and logistics, manufacturing, and healthcare, as well as other attractive markets that diversify our growth opportunities.Retail continues to be a vibrant vertical end market according to third party research firm IHL Group. There's also significant investment by retailers to improve omni-channel capabilities to meet increased customer expectations. We are a trusted strategic partner with many of the leading retailers and e-tailors. Recently a major U.S. grocer selected Zebra to roll out 39,000 of our TC52 mobile computers over the next two years. Store managers, department heads and associates will utilize them for multiple in-store applications, including customer service, inventory management, out of stocks, planner brand compliance, backdoor receiving and store audits.Another solution that is enabling retailers to drive a higher level of inventory accuracy is RFID, which we have been deploying to improve our customers' omni-channel capabilities. In the transportation and logistics space, we are seeing particularly strong demand for our solutions. For most IT and operational decision makers, labor recruitment and productivity are top challenges in the increasingly on-demand economy. With innovative solutions to drive increased productivity and efficiencies, Zebra can bring their operations to higher level with their current workforce and resources.We have secured a substantial number of global business wins recently, including our largest deal of all-time with the U.S. Postal Service, where we will help them deploy 300,000 TC77 mobile computers over the next several years. This solution will feature our mobility DNA suite of software tools that increase worker productivity and strengthen data security. We will also provide accessories, helpdesk support, repairs, maintenance, and software applications and development.In manufacturing, our customers are looking for trusted partners who can increase their operational visibility and efficiency. More than 80% of manufacturers plan to implement just in time operations within the next five years. Being able to stock only the items they need, reduces inventory cost and waste. We are pleased that three leading North America, dairy manufacturers recently chose Zebra's new TC77 mobile computers and ZQ520 mobile printers to enhance their direct store delivery workflows.The global healthcare system is facing significant challenges including staff shortages, rising costs and life threatening medical errors. Healthcare providers are turning to Zebra's technology to improve patient safety, increase staff workflow efficiency in comply with new regulations. We were recently awarded our largest European order of healthcare purposed TC52 mobile computers. This healthcare facility handles blood donations across more than 75 centers. We enable the customer to automate the patient journey and benefits from our superior product and software lifecycle management.Now turning to Slide 12. We are building upon our strong foundation, expanding our role as a solutions provider. Zebra is uniquely positioned to deliver Enterprise Asset Intelligence, which is our vision to enable every frontline asset and worker to be visible, connected and optimally utilized. We pursue this vision by advancing our capabilities in the sense and life act framework. Our products and solutions sense data from assets, products and processes, providing a digital view of the enterprise. This information including identity, location, and status is analyzed by the growing set of software solutions from Zebra or our industry leading channel partner and developer ecosystem, which then drives direction action naturally within frontline workflows.As we discussed last quarter, our organic investments and acquisitions have been enhancing our capabilities on the sense analyze act spectrum. Savanna, our data intelligence platform, connects our devices and powers our Intelligent Edge Solutions. Savanna benefits our partners and customers by providing visibility of workflows in giving perishable frontline data at home, so it can be leveraged via machine learning and artificial intelligence to generate new insights that drive business performance.As we have discussed, our acquisitions are advancing this vision, including Temptimes temperature intelligence solutions, and explores ultra-rugged tablets. Additionally, Profitects prescriptive analytics solution compliments a growing suite of other Zebra software applications, including Workforce Connect, MotionWorks, and our visibility IQ managed services offering.Looking ahead, we are focused on investing in key growth areas that are adjacent to our core business and where we have the right to play. These include computer vision, machine learning, artificial intelligence, and intelligent automation. Computer vision is an exciting emerging sensing technology that enables the automatic extraction and understanding of useful information from a digital image or video. Zebra currently utilizes aspects of computer vision in new offerings such as SmartPack. However, we see substantial opportunities that are not yet sufficiently addressed in the marketplace. Because of this, we are investing in experienced engineering talent with a skillset and capabilities to address emerging computer vision use cases in various vertical markets. For example, in retail, computer vision software and tools can be used to assess inventory levels, support shelf scanning, monitor checkout activity, and enable frictionless checkout. Artificial intelligence and machine learning are critical to building out our analytical tools and capabilities.Our acquisition of Profitect and their talented team expands our relevancy deeper and wider in retail. And overtime, we will expect to leverage their capabilities to address additional vertical markets.We also intend to incorporate Profitect's functionality into Savanna to further build out the analyze and act layers of the platform. The rise of computer vision and analytics is driving a wave of intelligent automation, which is also natural extension of vision. Unlike repetitive automation, intelligent automation leverages our sense analyze act framework to improve workflow efficiency with or without human involvement. A key example is our recent venture investments in companies that specialize in the collaboration of humans and robots to fulfill orders in the warehouse.We look forward to showcasing new Zebra solutions that leverage these enabling technologies at the upcoming National Retail Federation trade show in January. Our customers demand information about what is happening at the operational edge of their business, so they can run smoother, safer and smarter. As a thought leader, Zebra is being requested by customers worldwide to address their increasingly complex business priorities. We are responding to this call by continuing to focus our investments in solutions that extend our lead in the industry, advance us as a broader solutions provider, and ultimately drive shareholder value.Now I'll hand the call back over to Mike.
Michael Steele: Thank you, Anders. We will now open the call to Q&A. We ask that you limit yourself to one question and one follow-up so that we can get to as many of you as possible.
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And our first question will come from James Ricchiuti of Needham & Company. Please go ahead.
James Ricchiuti: Thank you. Good morning. I was wondering if your Q4 guidance reflects, perhaps reflects a larger than normal contribution from large projects?
Anders Gustafsson: Our expectation for Q4 is that we will have a fairly normal distribution of large deals. We certainly don't expect it to be a higher proportion of larger deals than normal.
James Ricchiuti: Okay, that's helpful. And you cited a couple of times the strength in RFID. And I'm wondering if there's any way you can provide a little bit more color on that the type of growth you're seeing maybe where you're getting traction in RFID and just your general view of that market? Thank you.
Anders Gustafsson: Yeah. RFID is enabling our customers to gain real time visibility into their supply chains. And we're seeing an acceleration of growth in RFID, due to now being able to lower the cost of implementation having improved level of accuracy and enhanced software capabilities for RFID generally. Companies are also much more eager to innovate around their supply chains. So that's all driving a stronger adoption for RFID. And we've invested in both the product and the go-to-market side, so we have strengthened in our go-to-market capability to have greater reach and more skillsets in that area. And we are seeing strong double digit growth in our portfolio, which includes now strong performance in our fixed readers, but also our handheld readers, as well as industrial and mobile printers. We also have our location solutions activities within our LS, we talked about that as being up nicely in Q3 and some other newer solutions like SmartLens that level RFID to be able to always be able to sense inventory in a retail store as an example. So, overall RFID solutions are getting much more traction, interest from our customers and were participating nicely in that growth.
James Ricchiuti: Thanks. One quick one. Was that UPS contract that you announced congrats on that by the way, were you be incumbents or was that a competitive win?
Anders Gustafsson: So the contract was USPS, and we were not being incumbent.
James Ricchiuti: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question will come from James Faucette of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Erik Lapinski: Hi. Erik on for James. Thanks for taking our question. Maybe just quick. During the quarter, you had released a couple press releases on wins in the public safety market. Is that becoming an interesting end market for you to focus on? Maybe anything we should be thinking about there?
Anders Gustafsson: Yeah, Ill start and then Ill ask Joe Heel to add some extra color. But yeah, we think the public safety markets and first net as an example to be good, incremental growth opportunities for us. Those are several hundred million dollar markets that are today served predominantly by either very unique purpose built devices or consumer devices. And we believe that theres a good opportunity to introduce our type of solutions in that market. And as youve seen, weve had a few press releases where weve been able to secure wins for our explore tablets and mobile computers and printers. So, we see that as an attractive new growth market for us.
Joe Heel: And I would add  excuse me  that weve invested in resources dedicated specifically to serving the federal and state and local government entities in the United States, but also have added resources and other countries around the world to serve the market. The explore acquisition has brought to us some of those resources because explore, as you may know, already had a footprint in that particular area. And combined those resources are a push for us into this attractive new segment.
Erik Lapinski: Thank you, its really helpful. And then maybe just on some of the strength youre seeing in T&L, how much of an impact are newer solutions like SmartPack having on that?
Olivier Leonetti: So, first, Id say our value propositions are resonating across all our vertical markets. And all our vertical markets are up year-to-date, so were seeing good growth across all of them. But number of the challenges that customers are seeing around having to drive increased workflow efficiencies in tight labor markets being able to provide real time guidance to the front line of their business, and enhancing customer and patient experiences. All of those, our solutions here are much more foundational to us being able to help our customers execute on their strategies, specifically to T&L. Q3 was a particularly strong quarter for T&L Plus, were up double digits, strong double digits.Weve seen very healthy secular trends that are helping to drive our growth, expedited delivery, labor shortages, ecommerce overall with the share volume of deliveries are great drivers. And the T&L industry, theyre introducing a lot of automation and technology to help address these challenges. And Id say we are uniquely positioned to help them with these needs. The warehouse transition to Android is a great driver also in the T&L space as they have lots of warehouses obviously, and Id say in the last year, weve actually won a number of very attractive postal contracts with the USPS being the most recent one. Our  you asked about some of our other solutions, so I would say our Intelligent Edge solutions like SmartPack, location solution, RFID wearables, they are all happy to demonstrate our thought leadership in the industry and office smaller base, theyre growing quite nicely.
Erik Lapinski: Great, thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from Brian Drab of William Blair. Please go ahead.
Brian Drab: Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. First, Im just looking at the tariffs and the guidance that you gave for the first quarter and in 2020. And my thinking about this correctly, if I should do the simple math and if you have a 20 million impact in the first quarter that were going to see maybe 170 or 200 basis points impact on gross margin and maybe around a $0.25 or $0.30 EPS impact. I dont know, Olivier, if you could help put a finer point on that impact.
Olivier Leonetti: Thats correct, Brian. Your math is correct. At the midpoint 20 million would be a good estimate.
Brian Drab: Okay. Okay. Thanks. And then just on the USPS project, congratulations on that. And over what time period do you think that those 300,000 would be deployed?
Anders Gustafsson: Yeah, firstly, were very pleased and proud of the trust that the USPS has placed in us to be that partner on this project. This project augments our relationship with them. USPS was already a customer of other products and solutions from Zebra. This is a multiyear contract. Its the largest in our history. So, we are obviously very pleased with that. The social involves us rolling out 300,000 TC77 mobile computers, also the full suite of our mobility DNA software tools, other more customized software solutions as well as managed and professional services. This is a multiyear contract, so we would expect delivery to start ramping up in the first half of next year and go on for a couple of years, two years.
Brian Drab: Okay, thanks a lot.
Operator: The next question will come from Paul Coster of JP Morgan. Please go ahead.
Paul Coster: Yeah, thanks for taking my question. Id like to sort of take Brians question a little bit further on the tariff mitigation. And it looks to me like your intention is to slowly one down the impact over the course of 2020. Would it be fair to say weve got something like $50 million hit to gross margins over the course of the year and by the fourth quarter, when youre lapping the effects of this quarters action will have no year-on-year degradation in gross margins?
Olivier Leonetti: Good morning, Paul. Actually, we believe that we will have mitigated substantially the impact of tariff by midyear next year. So, as we discussed earlier, we would more than 15 to 25 impact in Q1. The impact in Q2 will be lower and pretty much immaterial in the second half of the year.
Paul Coster: As you sense that the cost structure that youve achieved in reconfiguring the supply chain will be equal to or better than that which you originally had in China tariffs aside?
Olivier Leonetti: On in aggregate, it will be about the same cost structure.
Paul Coster: Okay, thank you.
Operator: And the next question will come from Keith Housum of Northcoast Research. Please go ahead. Pardon me, Mr. Housum.
Keith Housum: Sorry, Ive had on mute. Good morning, guys. In terms of understanding growth in the quarter, do you understand how much of that growth came from some of your more tangential products, so were talking about growing the proper folio? How much of that coming from the newer products or the non-core products?
Anders Gustafsson: Well, first to say, I think we executed very well in the third quarter. We had, 30% growth but that was on top of 15% growth in the Q3 2018 timeframe. We did see solid performance in North America and EMEA, which is partially offset by software spending environment in China, which really attributed to the entire shortfall. We did see particular strength in our mobile computing portfolio and services and from a vertical perspective healthcare T&L were very strong, but all verticals are up-to-date. And our new solutions, theyre smaller base but they are growing quite nicely overall. So, we were quite pleased with how we are progressing with our intelligence Intelligent Edge solution set.
Keith Housum: Got it. As a follow-up. The move with the supply chain outside of China, can you help us understand I guess the experience you guys have done with your contract manufacturers, and should we can be concerned at all with the risk that might be associated with issues that may popup that may either with ultimate additional costs or perhaps delays in the supply chain?
Anders Gustafsson: So, we have a long relationship with these partners that its a handful of companies that we have worked with to assemble our printers, mobile computers in China so far, and we have been sustained with the same partners moving to other locations in Southeast Asia. We are obviously focusing very much on both speed and making sure we can continue to have excellent quality. Were doing a number of things to minimize the risk of any disruption. So we are not changing the supply side, most things we are just changing the assembly locations. We have a lot of experienced managers from these companies that we will augment with our own team to ramp up these facilities. So, we think that this is very doable and compared to, when weve outsourced our supply chain printers back in 2010 timeframe. This would be a somewhat less complex undertaking.
Olivier Leonetti: And Keith, two additional points if I may. First, the countries where we being to go on not Greenfield countries, thats point number one. And point number two, were duplicated lines, meaning we could always at any time keep supplying the U.S. market from our plants in China, if needed.
Keith Housum: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from Richard Eastman with Robert W. Baird. Please go ahead.
Richard Eastman: Yes, good morning. Perhaps you could just touch on maybe the role price plays here going forward kind of covering the delta between tariff costs and supply chain mitigation efforts. Just a thought maybe around one price, any price increases become effective. And then is there a price contribution, is it a point or two that plays into the fourth quarter revenue guide?
Anders Gustafsson: So, by far the main aspect of our tariff mitigation strategy is to move the supply chains out of China to avoid tariffs overall. We have announced some modest price increases, but the vast majority of the savings and the effort goes into the moving of the lines. We want to make sure that we compete for the long term and that we will be able to continue to gain share and have a competitive position in the market and continue to earn our customers trust. So, weve been very selective in how weve applied price increases. So, its a modest part of the overall mitigation. It is somewhat mitigating the impact, but it is not offsetting the impact.
Richard Eastman: Okay. And as a component of the fourth quarter revenue guide, is it as much as a point or is it just any order of magnitude there?
Olivier Leonetti: It would be [indiscernible] in that Rick.
Richard Eastman: Okay. Okay. And then just a question around the U.S. Postal contract. Given the accessories and the device management software and the support there, is that  are the mobile computing sales, are the gross margins on that contract going to be similar to what were currently delivering in EVM?
Anders Gustafsson: Obviously, the USPS contract was a competitive process and we had to compete on both offering the best overall value to our customers, which include a superior product but also competitive price. So, we are not able to explicitly talk about the margins on specific individual deals, but rest assured that this is a creative accretive to our P&L and add shareholder value to us.
Richard Eastman: And was that a competitive advantage against some of the device management software and was there a competitive advantage in the bidding process for that contract that goes beyond just the hardware mobile computing product?
Anders Gustafsson: Yes, I think the USPS and I would say virtually all our customers are looking at the overall offer and software thing a bigger part of that, thats a differentiator and something that they can leverage to minimize the cost for implementing maintaining and supporting the fleet after this has been deployed.
Richard Eastman: Good. Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question will come from Jeff Kessler of Imperial Capital. Please go ahead.
Jeff Kessler: Thank you. Thank you for taking my question. First question is about on your  I guess on your fourth quarter and year beginning call, you talked about how your consultative process had begun to grow to about quarter about 8% or so, of revenues were generated by deals that were actually negotiated almost entirely at the C-Suite level. And Im wondering if you could give us an update on the ability on what youve done over the course of the year, in basically getting a top down on the omnibus type of contracts, just because of a longer a longer live relationship that seems to be developing?
Anders Gustafsson: Yeah, I dont necessarily remember the specific numbers youre quoting there, but we do have a lot of excellent relationships with executives of many of our customers. I think that goes back to our ability to help them solve their biggest issues, their priorities. We can help them implement their strategies much more. So, they see us as a much more valuable partner and therefore want to understand what we have to offer and how we can work together over a longer period of time, not just over delivering a specific project. So, our vision, our solutions ability to help our customers deliver on their priorities are great drivers for establishing what executive level relationships.
Joe Heel: I would add two things. This is Joe Heel. Over the last few years, large deals, deals that are over a million dollars have been the fastest growing segment of our business overall. And those deals generally require that we have relationships at all levels of the organization, including at the senior levels. And so weve been developing a both our sales force, our partner relationships, and our relationships with our customers in such a way that they can support us winning those types of deals. And we think weve been somewhat successful in that.The other piece thats played into that is that many of the newer solutions that weve spoken about and that Anders mentioned earlier, things like SmartLens or SmartPack, those are solutions aimed at solving a particular business problem and those are generally business problems center of our customer strategies and therefore have the attention of senior decision makers in those companies. And they help us in order to build those relationships, but also to address those needs and then be successful with those types of sales.
Jeff Kessler: My follow-up is, when were looking at some of the newer, smaller, faster growing businesses, some obviously healthcare comes to mind and certain areas of the T&L, certain specialty areas of the T&L area. Can you talk about where gross margins had been and where they are now relative to the rest of the company? Are they at company level yet or is this the type of thing where were going to see, hopefully going to see an improvement going that reaches or perhaps exceeds the average GM of the company?
Olivier Leonetti: So Jeff, few things. One does new solutions; despite being expanding are growing at a much higher great rate than the company average. So faster growth. And the gross margin profile of those new solutions is higher than the company average, because of  as Anders and also Joe mentioned because of the value were providing the economics for both parties, our customers and ourselves are better.
Jeff Kessler: Okay. Thank you very much. I appreciate it.
Operator: Our next question will come from Andrew Buscaglia of Berenberg. Please go ahead.
Andrew Buscaglia: Hey, guys. Can you talk a bit about the use of your initiative to drive sales from the supplies market? Has that helped your margins this quarter and in generally with the USPS contract as you deliver more sales related to ancillary products, should that help your margins longer term?
Anders Gustafsson: So, estimate supplies and USPS, I think. So first on supplies, thats you know, one of our adjacent markets that we put a fair bit of effort behind to make sure we can drive attractive growth. It's been growing nicely over the last several years. And we're focusing both on adding new capabilities, new differentiation that are more in line with our Enterprise Asset Intelligence vision. I would highlight that we've in-sourced the capability of supplying RFID tags, so smart tags, as well as our Temptime labels, which can indicate exposure to temperature over either short or longer periods of times.From a margin perspective, the overall margin profile of our suppliers businesses a little lower than our corporate average, but not much. And we obviously working hard to make sure that we improve both the growth rate and the margin rate for that. For USPS, you know it's a complete contract and includes accessories and other products. I'm not really in a position to comment specifically on the margin profile of the different sub components of the contract. But you know, again, it's accretive to our bottom line and to drive attractive shareholder value.
Andrew Buscaglia: Okay. And then really, you know, with that USPS contract, you said it was the biggest one in your history, I believe. Are there other deals out there like this that you see as potentially moving forward over the next 12 to 18 months?
Anders Gustafsson: So, there's not a lot of contacts that are in one signed contract gets to be this large, but we have a lot of customers that have very large install basis, but they tend to buy more over time versus having a one contract. So there's a number of customers that have substantial installed basis that are in the same ballpark as USPS,
Andrew Buscaglia: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from Jason Rodgers of Great Lakes Review. Please go ahead.
Jason Rodgers: Yes, just wanted to ask about the share repurchase, what level you have implied in your 4Q guidance. And with then at the bottom of your ranger very close to the bottom, what are your thoughts to accelerating share repurchase to help offset the tariff impact in the first half of next year? Thanks.
Olivier Leonetti: So, Jason, we are not assuming buyback  the impact of buy backing our EPS wrench. The reason for this is we believe is the best way to really describe the operational performance of the company. Having said that, we expect to be in the market in Q4 to our buyback program. And our level of participation will depend on stock price levels. But again, no buyback impact in EPS guide.
Jason Rodgers: Okay, thank you.
Operator: And our next question will come from Paul Coster of JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Paul Coster: Yeah, thanks for taking my second question. Just wanted to look at the Windows to Android upgrade cycle where it stands, how the competitive landscape has changed if at all this year? And what the duration of the upgrade cycle remains to be in your opinion?
Anders Gustafsson: Yeah, first, our mobile computing business continues to perform very, very well. You know, we had a strong quarter in Q3 and that was on top of an exceptional quarter last year. You know, we have several drivers that are supporting that growth, you know. The number of new use cases continues to expand. I'd say, our software capabilities is a great driver for this. We're also seeing, you know, consolidation of multiple devices or applications on top of our devices. Workforce Connect is a good example of that where our employees used to carry a mobile computer and a say PBX wireless phone that's now been consulting to one device, one Zebra device where running a bulls app. You know, the trend of having a device for every worker is also a big driver. We've seen lots of our customers want to make sure that as many of their workers are connected as they can. And today, we estimate about a third of eligible employees do have a device, so we see great opportunity to continue to drive penetration deeper into our customer accounts.Specific to the Android transition, that that continues to be a great catalyst for us. We still estimate about 10 million legacy Windows devices in the market. And we continue to also still enjoy over 60% market share of Android in the enterprise. The tail side of those 10 million devices, legacy Windows devices being upgraded or refreshed to Android will probably be longer than what we had originally expected. [Technical Difficulty]So thanks to Zebra team and our partners for delivering another quarter of strong profitable growth. I also want to acknowledge that this week, we celebrated the fifth anniversary of the highly successful enterprise acquisition. Our team has transformed our organization and the industry. And we have a tremendous opportunity ahead of us. I appreciate everyone's dedication as we continue our journey. Have a great day everyone.
Operator: The conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-07-31 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Second Quarter 2019 Zebra Technologies Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. Please note, this event is being recorded.I would now like to turn the conference over to Mike Steele, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Michael Steele: Good morning, and thank you for joining us today. Before we begin, I need to inform you that certain statements made on this call are forward-looking and subject to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based on current expectations and assumptions and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially due to factors discussed in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.During this call, we will make reference to non-GAAP financial measures as we describe our business performance. You can find reconciliations of our GAAP to non-GAAP results in today's earnings press release and at the end of the slide presentation. This presentation will include prepared remarks from Anders Gustafsson, our Chief Executive Officer; and Olivier Leonetti, our Chief Financial Officer. Anders will start with our second quarter highlights. Olivier will then provide more detail on the financials and discuss our third quarter and full year outlook. Anders will conclude with progress made on Zebra's Enterprise Asset Intelligence vision. Following the prepared remarks, Joe Heel, our Senior Vice President of Global Sales will join us, as we take your questions.Also throughout this presentation, unless otherwise indicated, our references to sales growth are year-over-year on a constant currency basis and exclude results from the recently acquired Xplore Technologies, Temptime and Profitect businesses. This presentation is being simulcast on our website at investors.zebra.com, and will be archived there for at least one-year.Now I'll turn the call over to Anders.
Anders Gustafsson: Thank you, Mike. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Our team executed well and drove strong profitable growth in the second quarter. As you can see on Slide 4, we reported net sales growth of more than 8% or 7% on an organic basis. And adjusted EBITDA margin of 21.2%, a 150 basis point year-over-year improvement and non-GAAP diluted EPS of $3.02, a 22% increase from the prior year.We continue to outpace the competition through our innovation, unmatched scale and deep relationships with customers and partners, our mobile computing, data capture and printing portfolios have never been stronger. This has been accomplished through focused R&D investment to build upon our best-in-class offerings. We saw a broad-based global growth in Q2, with solid performance both the direct and through the channel. Operational discipline and cost efficiencies enabled us to accelerate profit growth without compromising our investments in our employees and growth initiatives. Enterprise mobile computing was a bright spot, growing double digits, as we continue to extend our lead in the industry, through the broadest selection of Android powered solutions. Enterprise workers are utilizing our mobile computers for a variety of new use cases.We are also benefiting from the multi-year transition to Android from the Windows operating system. Organic investments in initiatives to diversify growth are paying off. For example, RFID solutions and our Workforce Connect software application, were additional bright spots in the second quarter. We also continue to see acquisitions as a vector of profitable growth for the company and the way to penetrate attractive adjacent market opportunities.In the second quarter, we announced and closed on the Profitect acquisition. Profitect is the leading provider of prescriptive analytics, which is an attractive growth opportunity for us and advances our position as a solutions provider as well as our Enterprise Asset Intelligence vision. Overall, our solid first half performance and leadership position in the market provides us confidence in our outlook for the year.With that, I will now turn the call over to Olivier to review our financial results, discuss our outlook and our new $1 billion share repurchase authorization. Our strong balance sheet and cash flow generation afford us the ability to return capital to shareholders, while continuing to invest in our business.
Olivier Leonetti: Thank you, Anders. Let us start with the P&L. As you can see on Slide 6, net sales grew 8.4% in the second quarter, which translated to 7% on an organic basis, before the impacts of currencies and acquisitions. We saw diversified growth in each of our reporting segments in most regions. Enterprise Visibility & Mobility segment sales increased 9.2%, led by particularly strong demand in mobile computing and support services. Asset Intelligence & Tracking segment sales increased 2.9% with growth in printing, supplies, services and retail solutions.Turning to our regions; in North America, sales grew 7%, primarily driven by strength in mobile computing, services and RFID. We saw particular strength in retail and healthcare and had some major competitive wins. EMEA sales increased 9% with relative strength in mobile computing and services. We saw growth across most countries. Retail and transportation and logistics, were particularly strong with continued traction in RFID. Sales in our Asia-Pacific region were up 7% with relative strength in our mobile computing and printing categories. We realized strong growth in Australia, Southeast Asia and China. Latin America sales were flat, primarily due to lower sales in Mexico due to continued geopolitical weakness. Adjusted gross margin expanded 100% -- 100 basis points from the prior year period, primarily driven by go-to-market discipline, as well as increased productivity and cost efficiencies, particularly in support services.Consistent with one of our key operating principle, adjusted operating expenses as a percentage of net sales improved 100 basis points from the prior year period. We have a balance approach of driving operating leverage, while continuing to make prudent investments in growth initiatives. Second quarter 2019, adjusted EBITDA margin was 21.2%, a 150 basis point increase from the prior year period. We drove non-GAAP earnings diluted share of $3.02, a 22% year-over-year increase.Turning now to the balance sheet and cash flow highlights on Slide 7. We generated $165 million of free cash flow in the first half of 2019. This was $68 million lower than the prior year period, entirely due to the increased working capital usage in the first quarter, which we previously discussed. Free cash flow generation in the second quarter was higher than the prior year period, and we expect a strong second half performance. Our 1.8 times net debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio is below the midpoint of our targeted range of 1.5 to 2.5 times. As Anders mentioned, today we announced that our Board has authorized a $1 billion share repurchase program. Our strong balance sheet and cash flow profile enable us the flexibility to maintain our debt leverage target range, one, investing in our business, including acquisitions and repurchasing up to approximately 2% of our shares outstanding annually.Let us turn to our outlook on Slide 8. We're currently cycling our prior year third quarter exceptional performance. That said, net sales growth in Q3 2019 is expected to be between 3% and 5%, which assumes an approximately 2 percentage point positive impact from recent acquisitions and then approximately 1 percentage point negative impact from foreign currency exchanges. We believe Q3 2019 adjusted EBITDA margin would be approximately 22%, which assumes higher gross margin and operating expense leverage from the prior year. Non-GAAP diluted EPS is expect -- is expected to be in the range of $3.15 to $3.35. We are maintaining our full year 2019 net sales growth to be between 5% and 8%, which assumes approximately 2 percentage point positive impact from recent acquisitions and approximately 1 percentage point negative impact from foreign currency rate changes.Given that we are assuming about 50 basis points additional adverse impact in FX from our prior guide, we have effectively increased our organic growth guide by approximately 50 basis points. Full year 2019 adjusted EBITDA margin is now expected to be approximately 22%, an improvement from 2018 and our prior guide. Our team has been driving gross margin improvement and operating leverage at the high-end of our expectations. We continue to expect that full year 2019 free cash flow will exceed $625 million. Unlike 2018, we assume that working capital would be a use of cash in 2019. You can see other full year 2019 modeling assumptions on Slide 8.With that, I will turn the call back to Anders to discuss the progress we are making on our Enterprise Asset Intelligence vision.
Anders Gustafsson: Thank you, Olivier. We are very pleased with our Q2 results and the momentum we see in our business.Now turning to Slide 10; we are advancing our Enterprise Asset Intelligence Vision to enable every frontline asset and worker to be visible, connected and optimally utilized. Zebra enables this vision by providing a digital view of the entire enterprise. Our products and solutions send data from assets, products and processes. This information including status and location is analyzed in real-time to determine the best possible operational action to improve productivity and provide greater insight into business operations.An integral part of our solutions ecosystem is Savanna, our cloud enablement platform that connects our devices and powers our intelligent edge solutions. Savanna benefits our partners and customers by providing visibility of workflows at the frontline of business. In June, we launched Savanna Data Services, which delivers sensor information, data analytics and event triggers through application programming interfaces or APIs to enable workflow optimization. Savanna supports developers through a self-service web portal with monetizable API-based data services, which empowers our partner community and end customers to build secure, scalable, digital services with ease and speed. It is a clear step forward in elevating our reputation as a solutions provider, enabling customers to enhance the analytics layer of the sense analyze act framework. As a proof point, Dawdle, a London based e-commerce service provider has been an early user of Savanna Data Services. They have been leveraging print from cloud APIs to reduce the deployment time of its ship from store proposition.Longer term, they expect to use the blockchain ledger of Savanna to distribute data across the supply chain to reduce return handling costs and get items back into inventory more quickly. We've also been advancing our Enterprise Asset Intelligence vision through acquisitions, the most recent being Profitect in Q2. Profitect complements our growing suite of other Zebra software applications including Workforce Connect, MotionWorks and our visibility services offering. Additional Profitect's offerings, its technology and talented team, expands our relevancy deeper and wider in global retail operations. The solution identifies areas for improving inventory and pricing accuracy, idle stocks and sellable merchandise and assortment discrepancies. Overtime, we expect to leverage Profitect's artificial intelligence and machine learning capabilities to address all of the vertical markets we serve.We also intend to incorporate Profitect's functionality into Savanna to further build out the analyze and act layers of the platform, benefiting both Zebra and our partners. The acquisitions we have made over the past year enable us to scale attractive existing categories where we are underpenetrated and enter high growth new markets outside the core, that advance us as a solutions provider. In addition to Profitect, Temptime has enabled us to expand our smart supplies offering into time temperature monitoring and Xplore has augmented our enterprise tablet portfolio with best-in-class ultra-rugged form factors.We have made solid progress on our Enterprise Asset Intelligence vision, as we help businesses across many industries digitize their operations and gain a performance edge. We are doing this by leveraging our deep knowledge of workflows and capitalizing on key technology megatrends including mobility, automation, cloud computing and the proliferation of smart devices and sensors, all of which create opportunities for Zebra.Slide 11 highlights the range of vertical markets we serve, including health care, retail and e-commerce, transportation and logistics and manufacturing, as well as other attractive markets that broaden and diversify our growth opportunities. In healthcare, our fastest growing vertical, our solutions translate into more efficient operations and increased patient safety. We recently implemented a clinical mobility solution with Nemours Children's Health System that empowers its staff to improve operations at its two hospitals, including remote patient monitoring. This customer replaced its smartphone consumer devices used by nurses with our healthcare purposed TC51 mobile computers to improve connectivity, durability and collaboration. We helped to provide a seamless bridge between the medical devices and electronic health records for a 360 degree real time view of patient health and status for optimal care. Our improved capabilities are as a solutions provider are moving us up the stack with healthcare providers like Nemours.In retail and e-commerce, we are a trusted strategic partner with the leaders in this space. We have found that most retailers see significant opportunity for improvement with their omnichannel fulfillment capabilities as they stretch to meet consumers' heightened expectations. Our customers are deploying a wide range of increasingly complex solutions that can include RFID, professional services and software applications such as Workforce Connect. We are also seeing an increasing number of our customers equipping their associates and shoppers with our mobile computers that empower them with the real-time information they need to successfully execute omnichannel fulfillment and elevate the overall in-store experience. This increase level of tech investment delivers a high ROI to the customer and is necessary to compete effectively. The prominent department store chain recently chose to upgrade its mobile computers in their stores with our latest Android powered TC52 model to enable their new omnichannel strategy. As this retailer rolls out our solution, we are providing professional and support services to ensure a smooth transition. We have seen many competitive takeaways like this one, with prominent retail and e-commerce players, who require a best-in-class enterprise grade solution.In transportation and logistics, most customers site capacity utilization, labor shortages and expedited delivery requirements as top challenges they face over the coming years. By helping to drive increased productivity and efficiencies, Zebra can help bring their operations to higher level with their current workforce and resources. The results of our recent warehouse vision study, show that more than three quarters of respondents say that, augmenting workers with technology is the best way to introduce automation in the warehouse. As a thought leader and trusted advisor, we are demonstrating a number of proven ways to meet this need. For example, Zebra will be rolling out a solution with the global transportation and logistics customer over the next year. We will be enhancing the effectiveness of parts of delivery in Europe with that solution featuring TC57 mobile computers, various professional and support services, and the monitoring of the load density of the customers air cargo containers.In manufacturing, our customers are looking for trusted partners, who can increase their operational visibility and efficiency. A notable example can be found with a major Asian contract manufacturer, who is rolling out our RFID solutions on its plant floor, to increase accuracy and reduce costs. Beyond our traditional verticals, we are excited about our opportunity in adjacent markets. For example, we are well positioned to make new inroads into the federal public safety market. Our TC57 and TC77 enterprise class mobile computers as well as our L10 and XSLATE R12 rugged tablets are now certified for use on the FirstNet network. Our offering is ideal for a wide variety of mission-critical applications inside and outside the four walls.In summary, we are excited about the innovative solutions we are implementing with a diverse set of customers worldwide to address their increasingly complex business priorities. The success we are realizing in the marketplace demonstrates the progress we are making with our Enterprise Asset Intelligence vision. We continue to focus our investments in solutions that extend our lead in the industry and drive shareholder value.Now, I'll hand the call over to Mike.
Michael Steele: Thanks, Anders. We'll now open the call to Q&A. We ask that you limit yourself to one question and one follow-up, so that we can get to as many of you as possible.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Your first question today comes from Andrew Buscaglia with Berenberg. Please go ahead.
Andrew Buscaglia: Thanks for taking my question. Can you talk about -- so just digging into your guidance, so implies a fairly large ramp in the Q4, and Q3, it looks a little bit more muted? Can you talk about the -- which reflected in your guide, and I get the sense your margins are strong, but I get the sense your holding back a little bit on the top line there? So what's -- how did you come up with that guide?
Olivier Leonetti: Good morning, Andrew. So we are guiding at this stage for nominal growth of about 3% to 5%. That would translate into a 2% to 4% on an organic basis. And if you remember last year in Q3, we had a very strong growth about 15%. So you have to take this guide in the context of a tough compare and to answer a bit more specifically to your question. At this stage, we are planning to have growth across our portfolio either from a product standpoint or regional standpoints. And we feel good about the guide, we are presenting to you today, based upon our ability today to cover key trends in the market. From a profitability standpoint, our guide includes leverage on the EBITDA line at about 22%, that would be about 100 basis point improvement in term of profitability. And as you have seen now for a few quarters where we believe, we have OpEx or gross margin leverage in the P&L due to the operational discipline we have in the company and that is also reflected in our guide.
Andrew Buscaglia: Got it. And I think there's a little bit of confusion with regards to when your bigger competitors having substantially weaker results. What -- I guess, can you comment on, what you're seeing? Do you think -- I think you're gaining share generally. What are you seeing in the channel and -- yes, if you could talk a little bit more about inventories at distributors?
Anders Gustafsson: Yes. First -- I won't be able to comment on other competitors results or anything like that, but we feel good about where we are. We have a strong and compelling vision for the company that we have been executing diligently on over the last several years, specifically in Q2. I think we executed very well and drove strong profitable growth across the company. We had solid performance in Asia Pac, EMEA and North America both direct and through our channel. We saw from a product perspective, particular strength in our mobile computing portfolio and services and from the vertical perspective, retail, e-commerce as well as transportation logistics were strong performers. But all that verticals were up for the first half. And yes, we have -- today, we have a strong competitive position. Basically on the base of the strength of our product portfolio, and I think also our value propositions are resonating very well with our customers. And specifically on the inventory position, let's say, we manage channel inventory very carefully every quarter all the time. We continue to have the channel inventory be within -- comfortably would be within the band of what we consider to be normal. So there's nothing unusual for us in that area. And maybe sales, so we compensate our sales people on the sales out. So there is no incentive to drive, say overstocking of the channel.
Andrew Buscaglia: Okay, got it. Thanks guys.
Operator: The next question comes from Jim Ricchiuti with Needham & Company. Please go ahead.
James Ricchiuti: Thank you, good morning. I'm wondering as we look out at the second half guidance, what is that I assume for larger deals. I wonder, can you characterize your larger deal pipeline, you clearly had some -- it sounds like some competitive wins thus far this year.
Olivier Leonetti: So we are not planning and then normal amount of large deals. They are not totally contemplated in the guide, we are putting forward, Jim, and maybe Joe can complement.
Joe Heel: Yes. Large deals have become an important part of our portfolio. And in the second half, we expect a number of large deals, but as Olivier said, not unusable for that part of the year, in particular Q4, is usually a large deal quarter and we don't expect an unusual number of large deals in this year relative to previous years.
James Ricchiuti: Thank you. And just my follow-up question, just as it relates to the macro environment, it seems like you're seeing pretty good strength in your core markets. But where are you, if at all seeing signs of potential caution from the customer base? Are you seeing it in the smaller markets like manufacturing, which is very fragmented, but still a reasonably sizable part of your business?
Anders Gustafsson: I'd start by saying that our solutions have become much more foundational to our customers' strategies. They are -- our customers are much more dependent on our type of technology to be able to execute on their top priorities. Things like we help them increase workflow efficiencies particularly important in tight labor markets. We provide real-time guidance to the front line of their employees, and hence the customer patient experience and we do all this through our partner ecosystems. So our business -- we've worked hard on making sure that we have diversified our business as much as we can across geographies, products and verticals. And I think that is helping us. Every quarter, we'll see some countries or some verticals have some ups and downs, this is no different. Last year was maybe a little unusual in that -- it was very broad based, but we mentioned last quarter and it still holds through that -- Mexico would be a little soft based on geopolitical environment, but generally, we saw a strong performance across most of our sub-regions across the world.
James Ricchiuti: Thank you.
Operator: The next question today comes from Paul Coster with JP Morgan. Please go ahead.
Paul Coster: Yes, thanks for taking my question. So Anders, I know many investors are concerned the so-called Androids upgrade cycle might be peaking. Can you give us your latest thoughts on where we stand in the replacement of Windows CE and Windows Mobile? And why you believe that the growth might persist beyond this year?
Anders Gustafsson: Yes. First, I'd say -- from a broader perspective, I'd say that we are seeing a broad and innovative portfolio of products and solutions more broadly across the entire portfolio driving solid growth across the business. So Android and mobile computing is one aspect. But this is something that's much broader for us than one product line. Again, I go back to some of the things that I think differentiates us in the market of some things like our deep understanding of work flows and giving our customers the ability to leverage data at the edge to take more good real-time decisions to help to optimize and drive their businesses. So we're very excited about opportunities in all of our product lines. And there's several megatrends that support the growth like the on-demand economy.Now specifically to mobile computing, we have seen great growth over several years now. And we're certainly very excited about the progress we made and the outlook we have for that business. There are several drivers for the growth we've seen. Now there's things like a number of new use cases they are being deployed that's underpinned by the strong portfolio of software capabilities that we have developed for our mobile computing portfolio. So this new use cases, I think, the best being long-term growth drivers. A couple of examples, a lot of our customers are looking to consolidate multiple devices or multiple applications onto our mobile computers. One example will be many verticals and many customers are using or have historically used dedicated PBX or wireless PBX phones for people. Now with our Workforce Connect application, we can consolidate that device and that use case onto our mobile computers.Another trend we're seeing is that our customers are looking to put more and more technology in the hands of all their people. So pushing technology further into the organization, so the trend of having a device for everybody is gaining a lot of traction. And I'd say also our big screen portfolio of mobile computers, so tablets and vehicle-mounted computers are seeing a lot of new use cases and interest also. Now specifically to the Android transition, it clearly has been the catalyst for growth for us. We still have over 60% market share in Android. And the overall market -- mobile computing market is now more than 50% made up of Android devices. We still think that there's lots of potential in this market. We anticipate or we forecast that there is still about approximately 10 million legacy Windows devices in the market. And these devices are not all going to be converted to Android by 2020, when Microsoft stops supporting their older mobile operating systems. So this conversion cycle will take longer. We see good drivers.Our software continues to be a great driver and new devices -- we released some new devices specifically to capitalize on the warehouse transition, that's ramping up now, so our MC33 and MC93 products. So Android is clearly a great driver, but there's only one of several long-term drivers for our mobile computing business.
Paul Coster: Quick follow-up. You're obviously investing a lot in software. You're acquiring your way into software data services, cloud applications, APIs and some. How is this expressed in your business model, because I know some folks looking in vain for the software line and it's not there. So just translate into margin improvement on the hardware side?
Anders Gustafsson: Well, first I'll give you a couple of thoughts around our software business and the strategy for it. We've gone from having kind of made historically, say downward devices to smarter devices and now more smart infrastructure. So very much focused on driving a performance edge for our customers and its entire portfolio and software has become a great differentiator for us. Our Software DNA layer makes it lot easier for our customers to integrate, manage and their suites of Zebra products. So the -- specifically we launched the Savanna Data Services, that's a great new capability for us that enables Zebra and our partners and our customers to more easily access data as well as enable Zebra to monetize that data. It also then helps demonstrate thought leadership for us and moves us up the stack as a solutions provider and it will help pull through our broader solutions as well. Software is still a modest part of our overall business, but software as a differentiator is something that's embedded into all our devices also, but we do expect it to continue to be a bigger and bigger part of our business.
Olivier Leonetti: And to complement Paul on the business model impact. Clearly, the strong gross margin performance of the company, which we have posted now for several quarters is also due to the strength of the software offering and you don't see that necessarily in the software line in the P&L, but it's reflected also in the strong gross margin we have hardware, as Anders said. And these software offering allows us to sell based upon return on investment basis rather than just speed and feeds. And we are as a result, perceived as a thought leader in the industry and that is reflected in the way we price.
Paul Coster: Thank you.
Operator: The next question today comes from Brian Drab with William Blair. Please go ahead.
Brian Drab: Hi, good morning. I was wondering if we could just maybe drill into Slide 6 a little further and just curious on the 3% growth in AIT. Can you talk about may be just specifically within that segment, first, in terms of end markets, retail manufacturing, P&L, which were above or below 3%? And then it would be great too, if you could mention in terms of geographies for AIT, which were above or below 3%? Thanks.
Anders Gustafsson: Yes. I will start here. So first, AIT grew in Q2. We did see fewer large deals in Q2 2019 versus last year. So we were not able to replicate all of the large deals that we saw last year, and they were mostly in retail but also some other ones. In the -- within our printing portfolio, I'd call out RFID printers as a particularly strong growing segment of our portfolio. But overall, our printer portfolio, overall AIT portfolio is positioned very well, and we like the grow prospects we see in the market here. We do have a strong and fresh portfolio of smart connected printers, which has really an unrivaled manageability through our Link-OS and that's a great differentiator. From a regional portfolio, we saw good growth from printing in Asia Pac, and we saw it in Europe particularly. I think I would call out those two as the strongest areas for us. Even China had good growth for us, which is a good printing market. So we were up high single digits in China as well. So if we are offsetting some of the discrete electronics manufacturing by penetrating other manufacturing sectors in China like automotive and other heavier manufacturing. Does that answer your question?
Brian Drab: Yes. I mean, I was hoping maybe -- yes, that's all helpful, obviously. But I was hoping maybe more specifically like -- and I guess you're saying retail was below 3% and manufacturing and T&L were above? I mean, I still feel like I'm guessing at the specific answer to my question. I'm trying to read between the lines and I guess 3% from the other regions were below -- I mean some are above and below. I'm just trying to reconcile this with what we're seeing for some of the CapEx trends in these end markets.
Olivier Leonetti: The way we model our printing business is actually we are not seeing today any key outliers as Anders and Joe mentioned earlier, you can have a vertical of particular country being an outlier in a particular quarter. But we would characterize printing as being strong across the majority of the portfolio. That was the case in Q2 and that's also our assumption in the rest of the year. No particular outliers really, Brian.
Brian Drab: Okay, thanks. And then just a follow-up on a different topic; so the Android business is doing very well. And these products are relatively new in your portfolio and whenever there's a new product, obviously, there's opportunity to take some of the manufacturing cost out over time. And I'm wondering is that a key lever that you might be able to pull over time as kind of optimizing the cost to manufacture these Android products?
Anders Gustafsson: So we always look at -- we do value engineering routinely as part of our product roadmaps and look at bringing out costs and based on volume, we renegotiate pricing with our suppliers. I would say here that we have been actively doing this for some time. And the cost -- the margin position now on Android products are very much in line with the margin position on our legacy Windows devices. So we -- this is not something that we haven't done. This is something that we have been doing actively for some time.
Brian Drab: All right. Okay, thanks. That's helpful. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Keith Housum with Northcoast Research. Please go ahead.
Keith Housum: Good morning, guys. Question for you, Olivier, when you're talking through the geographical growth, it sounds like retail and healthcare continues to be a significant driver of that growth. Quite honestly, it's been several years we're seeing that. And we're expecting to perhaps say T&L and warehousing and manufacturing perhaps contribute more to that growth here this year and perhaps into next year. Can you provide a little more color on the growth you're seeing in those segments? And are they jumping onto the Android train? Or is there still a little bit time before you see it happening?
Anders Gustafsson: So I'll take that for you here. But first, you asked basically about T&L and manufacturing and any other kind of vertical for us. But transportation and logistics goes up very strong in Q2. It's up double-digit in Q2. It tends to have a very solid growth profile. If you look at the last 18 months, T&L has done very well. There is some strong secular trends that supports that. You see T&L providers are facing expedited delivery times, labor shortages. A number of new economics that comes with delivering one box every household versus a number of boxes to corporations. So all of those things are kind of being good backdrop for us to talk about how we can help introduce automation and technology to help address those issues. I think we are uniquely positioned in many ways to help our customers drive those or capitalize on those issues. In transportation and logistics, the Android is having a particular play now in the warehouse transition. The warehouse is now starting to really ramp moving from Microsoft to Android. And we see our Intelligent Edge Solution. So SmartPack, location solutions, RFID and so forth to also be particularly well-suited for the P&L space and the warehouse and giving us thought leadership position also.If we then move to manufacturing; manufacturing was not as quite as robust in Q2. But it has performed very well over the last 18 months or so. We -- our portfolio is increasing, enabling industry folder out. So we see manufacturing as a sizable market opportunity for us. Manufacturers are looking for increased visibility into their supply chain. And the Android transition is also accelerating within manufacturing. Also, our location solutions has manufacturing as its primary vertical market.
Joe Heel: I'd like to add one more thing. This is Joe Heel. We spoke before about the fact that of the legacy Windows devices, about 10 million, we think remain to be replaced in the market. And if you look into more detail into that, our remaining installed base, we believe the majority of that is in the warehousing and manufacturing space. For a variety of reasons, those customers have been slower to adopt those technologies. But we do expect that that adoption will now pick up. And you see this reflected in the fact that we've released just in the past quarter the MC33 -- the MC93, I apologize, and before that, the MC33, which are the flagship devices that serve that warehousing manufacturing market. And we're seeing good adoption in that space as evidence of the Android transition now focusing heavily on warehousing manufacturing going forward.
Keith Housum: Great, very helpful. And then I get this question often, I know it's a very imprecise science year. But the 9 million to 10 million mobile computers that we think still have or installed windows. That number really hasn't moved probably over the past year or maybe in 18 months that we've been talking about it. Is there anymore precision that we can get on -- are you guys are getting at a number to say that, that number still remains at roughly that same range? Or you still adjust, this is our best guess based on incomplete data that's out there?
Anders Gustafsson: It is incomplete data, I guess, and that -- we can't go and identify each and every one of those 10 million devices. But it has come down in the numbers we've used on our calls over the last 18 months has come down. But I'd say the reason hasn't come down may be faster is that -- there was only last year that the market switch to be more -- over 50% Android from Microsoft. So there's still a substantial amount of legacy Windows devices being sold into the market. So while we are, say, eating into the installed base from one end, we're adding to it or the industry is adding to it on the other end with new legacy devices.
Keith Housum: Yes, good one.
Joe Heel: I think the one dynamic that has perhaps surprised us a bit as well is that in those segments that still have very high penetration of Windows mobile computers, our customers have continued to buy mobile computers at relatively high rates. There are some markets around the world where more than 50% of the mobile computing revenues are still in the Windows category. So that's prolonged. The Windows existence and -- will also prolong the transition cycle to Android going forward.
Anders Gustafsson: So maybe I'd add a couple of questions that kind of talks about Android being having peaked or being close to peaking. We certainly don't see that. We expect the Android transition to continue for some time, and when you then couple that with the proliferation of new use cases and deeper penetration of devices into corporations, we believe mobile computing is going to be a good growth business for some time.
Keith Housum: Got you. Good point. And if I could just squeeze one more in here in terms of the share repurchase. Did I hear you guys say that you guys are on a cap the share repurchases at 2% of the share outstanding annually? And then are you guys willing to take on additional debt to be opportunistic with the share repurchases?
Olivier Leonetti: So Keith, you summarized it well in term of what we're planning to do. So let me give a bit of background of why the buyback. So one, we achieve now our -- the bottom of our leverage range of about 1.5. We will achieve that in the third quarter start of the fourth quarter. That's why we believe that buyback should be on the table. And we believe that the strength of the cash flow of the company will allow us to invest in the business, invest in M&A and still do a buyback. And to your point, we plan to buy back within a 12 months period, about 2% of the share outstanding. Would we go higher opportunistically? We would see.
Keith Housum: Great. And so -- are you willing to take on additional debt in order to fund those debt repurchases?
Olivier Leonetti: We don't think we need to do that. The strength of the cash flow will allow us to finance buyback with the cash of the company.
Keith Housum: Great, thanks guys. I appreciate it.
Operator: The next question comes from Richard Eastman with Baird. Please go ahead.
Richard Eastman: Yes, good morning. Could Olivier or Anders, could you just speak to pricing and price capture in the quarter? And what actions were taken if any on pricing in both the channel and quite frankly, I know and the larger projects, it is a bid process. But has pricing inched up on the large bid opportunities as well?
Anders Gustafsson: So we work in a competitive environment. We've had strong competitors, and it's always been a competitive market. We've been able to focus very much -- our attention on making sure that we have very compelling portfolio of solutions that are attracted to our customers, and we are certainly looking to see us getting a premium in the market. I think we have been able to achieve that for a long time. Obviously, we have to compete on occasion for deals, but we've so far been able to do that well and offsetting any price pressure with additional cost reductions to maintain or even now increase our gross margins. But I wouldn't characterize that the price pressure or the competitiveness of the market is particularly different today than it was three months ago or six months ago. Maybe, Joe, you have any further comments?
Joe Heel: Our margin picture always has two parts. We already talked about the large deals, Anders described that very well. And the other part is what happens in our run rate, which is the pricing of the transactions. It goes primarily in smaller quantities to distribution. And we've developed, I think, a very good level of expertise to work closely with our distributors and partners to understand exactly where the market price is and to price that in the competitive way so that we can continue to grow. And we've been pleased with our ability to realize a good pricing in that segment, while continuing to gain share.
Richard Eastman: Could I -- and just to put some clarity on that. When I look at the adjusted gross margin year-over-year, I think, it's up 100 bps, 100 basis points. Is there a price capture piece of that? The price year-over-year on a consolidated basis with the channel, with the products, did it add 20 basis points to that gross margin improvement? Or is there a number, Olivier, that you could just slice out of that and say, look, on a consolidated basis, both through channel, through direct that we're capturing so many basis points of that 100 as price?
Olivier Leonetti: It's difficult to answer with precision. We -- the strength of the margin is due to multiple drivers. The way we price the value of what we offer and also the supply chain efficiencies that I mentioned earlier. I wouldn't point to one in particular, and it's very difficult to pass all the pieces, Richard.
Richard Eastman: Okay. Is -- sorry.
Anders Gustafsson: No, I was going to say, we mentioned earlier software becoming a bigger part of our portfolio. That's helpful. I should also mention services has been able to improve margins quite nicely in Q2. And we expect that to continue to be a strong margin contributor.
Richard Eastman: Okay. And then could I ask again. Just against that consolidated 7% core growth for the quarter. Did the channel grow at or above that in the direct business? I think you alluded to some of the retail wins maybe not as great this quarter. But just a growth rate on large direct wins averse the channel? How did it look relative to the 7% core?
Anders Gustafsson: So one, it does change quarter-to-quarter. In Q2, our direct sales were stronger than the growth in the channel. But in Q1, we saw it the other way. There the channel is stronger than the direct sales of the large deals.
Richard Eastman: Okay. And just my last question; I'm looking at maybe explore revenue was a little bit below where I thought it might come in. Now arguably, we just straight line the acquired revenue per quarter. But I'm curious if you could maybe just speak a little bit to the Xplore acquisition and maybe what's -- how you're may be repositioning or investing in their product portfolio to whether you're expanding their adjacent markets or what's the investment strategy at Xplore? And what's the hope for benefit there going forward?
Anders Gustafsson: Yes. As a reminder, first, we bought Xplore to really help strengthen our broader big screen mobile computing portfolio, right. That includes Xplore, our ET5 portfolio tablets in our vehicle-mounted computers. And this portfolio as a whole has been growing very nicely and that includes Q2. We had very good growth across the portfolio in Q2. And since we acquired Xplore, it has really helped us cement us as the clear number two in the rugged tablet space. We think -- we continue to think of that is a very attractive market. Our new Xplore products have been very well received, and we have our first Android-powered Xplore tablets now available in the market. The integration is going well. And we now working on really optimizing the go-to-market to help drive scale and efficiencies. We've got in all -- this is -- Xplore is now available for all our partners to resell. And we're looking to see how do we capitalize also in some of the near adjacencies where Xplore has some strength that hasn't been historical strengths of Zebra. And Joe, can help.
Joe Heel: Yes. So perhaps you asked about, how we are investing and as you said repositioning. And I would specifically identify two things. The first, Anders, just identified, which is the tablet market has additional vertical depth that outside of the core verticals that we've been talking about Zebra for many quarters now. Things like government, public safety and utility segments would be examples of such areas. And we are repositioning and investing in penetrating those segments, number one. And number two would be, the announcement that we just made to launch the L10 Android version. I think it's a very important additional investment. Why is that? Because it enables us to leverage that strength that we talked about earlier. Our software capabilities, our mobility DNA capabilities in Android, we can now leverage that into tablet space, and we think that will differentiate us. So those are two areas of investment we've made.
Richard Eastman: Okay, very good. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from James Faucette with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Erik Lapinski: Hi, this is Erik on for James. Thanks for taking the question. You mentioned a global customer roll-out in transportations and logistics including low-density monitoring. Just wanted to ask, is this including your SmartPack solution? And maybe on that, if you can talk about how trials have been progressing, if you have more color on just timing to prove ROI there?
Anders Gustafsson: Yes. So that specific reference was to SmartPack. And our broader portfolio of what we call Intelligent Edge Solution, SmartPack, SmartLens, RFID, location solutions and so forth, is progressing nicely. We have a growing pipeline of pilots. And we're certainly working hard to make sure we can convert all of those pilots into proper commercial roll-outs over time. But we feel, we're making good progress and it's also truly helping us or position Zebra as a thought leader and it pulls through a lot of our other products as well. And Joe, have some more comments.
Joe Heel: Yes. Two more sort of flavors of color here. You can think about the expansion first in the way that Anders mentioned going from smaller trials where we're really trying to prove the technology and also prove the ROI of the solution to the customer to roll-outs that include hundreds or thousands of back doors where we now monitor the loading. And we now have multiple customers where we are rolled out in that sense. And we see that continue to expand. The other direction of expansion is there are multiple use cases within the solution. So you can monitor not only the loading of trailers, but you can also monitor the loading of air cargo containers for example. And there are other examples of how this technology and this solution can be expanded. We are doing so in both of these directions.
Erik Lapinski: That's great, that's really helpful. Thank you. And then maybe just if you could us get a sense of how you're thinking about your capital allocation strategy given the newly announced share repurchase program? And if that potentially impacts any plans for M&A and your strategy there?
Olivier Leonetti: So the priority for us is to invest in our business, either organically and inorganically. We believe that M&A would be a strong vector of growth for the company. And we believe that based upon the strong cash flow of Zebra that we can invest in the business and still return excess cash to a buy back. So no big change at this stage, Erik. And as we have reached now the bottom of our targeted leverage range, we believe we can do the three investments I've mentioned, organic, inorganic and buyback.
Erik Lapinski: That's great. Thank you.
Operator: And our last question today comes from Jeffrey Kessler with Imperial. Please go ahead.
Jeffrey Kessler: Thank you, and thank you for getting me on the call. I wanted -- you alluded a little bit to the institutional market before. I want to know if you could update us a little bit on penetration into not just what you call safe cities, government civil projects, but also the education market, K-12 and college, which seems to be in other areas of security and tracking and AIDC. We're seeing a lot of growth in that specific market [indiscernible] gestating for so long.
Anders Gustafsson: Yes, I'll start and then Joe will provide some extra color. But first, on the public safety market. That we talked about that on the call today. We think that is an attractive market opportunity for us in the range of several hundred millions of dollars. And I think its market has pushed to grow materially as rugged computers becomes a valid choice and enables new use cases there. Historically, the public safety market has been made up of either kind of traditional dedicated first responder devices that you are familiar with. But also there's been a lot of consumer devices in that space. And we think that there is room for our mobile computers as well as a good way of augmenting that market and providing growth for Zebra. And maybe some other thoughts from Joe here.
Joe Heel: Yes. If you look at the public sector opportunities, including education, I think, we would say we see the majority of the opportunity in the public safety first, and in government, second. I think that would be sort of our order of opportunity priority at the moment.
Jeffrey Kessler: Okay. And secondly, I'm wondering if you -- have you taken into account the -- with regard to your -- with Forex guidance, the possibility that Forex could be better or worse and expected in particularly places like the UK if things don't get organized there? Is that in the guidance already?
Olivier Leonetti: It is. And by the way, FX at the moment is a headwind. And as we've said before, we have multiple levers to manage the P&L of the company. And we believe that we can manage FX as well.
Jeffrey Kessler: All right, excellent.
Olivier Leonetti: Thank you.
Jeffrey Kessler: Go ahead, I'm sorry.
Olivier Leonetti: That's what it, Jefferey.
Jeffrey Kessler: Okay. Thank you very much.
Olivier Leonetti: You take care.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the call back over to Mr. Gustafsson for any closing remarks.
Anders Gustafsson: Thank you. So as we wrap up, I want to thank the Zebra team and our partners for another quarter of excellent execution and for delivering strong financial results. I also want to welcome the Profitect team to Zebra. Have a great day, everyone.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-04-30 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Q1 2019 Zebra Technologies Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After todays presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mike Steele, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead sir.
Mike Steele: Good morning. Thank you for joining us today. Before we begin, I need to inform you that certain statements made on this call are forward-looking and subject to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based on current expectations and assumptions and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially due to factors discussed in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. During this call, we will make reference to non-GAAP financial measures as we describe our business performance. You can find reconciliations of our GAAP to non-GAAP results in today's earnings press release and at the end of the slide presentation. This presentation will include prepared remarks from Anders Gustafsson, our Chief Executive Officer; and Olivier Leonetti, our Chief Financial Officer. Anders will start with our first quarter highlights. Olivier will then provide more detail on the financials and discuss our second quarter and full year outlook. Anders will conclude with progress made on Zebra's strategic priorities. Following the prepared remarks, Joe Heel, our Senior Vice President of Global Sales will join us as we take your questions. Also throughout this presentation, unless otherwise indicated, our references to sales growth are year-over-year on a constant currency basis and exclude results from the recently acquired Xplore Technologies and Temptime businesses. This presentation is being simulcast on our website at investors.zebra.com and will be archived there for at least one year. Now I'll turn the call over to Anders.
Anders Gustafsson: Thank you, Mike. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us. Our team executed well and drove solid profitable growth in the first quarter. As you can see on slide 4 we reported net sales growth of 9% or 8% on an organic basis; an adjusted EBITDA margin of 21.1% a 20 basis point year-over-year improvement; non-GAAP diluted EPS of $2.92 a 14% increase from the prior year; and free cash flow of $27 million. We achieved strong performance across Asia Pacific, EMEA and North America. Our team drove growth across the vertical markets we serve and demand remained strong through the channel. Our data capture and mobile computing product categories performed especially well. We also scaled operating expenses while at the same time investing in our employees and initiatives to drive sustainable growth. Additionally, in the first quarter we closed on the acquisition of Temptime Corporation, a leader in time-temperature monitoring which is an attractive growth opportunity for us. Our solid start to the year and leading portfolio of solutions provides us confidence in our outlook for 2019. With that I will now turn the call over to Olivier to review our financial results and to discuss our outlook.
Olivier Leonetti: Thank you, Anders. Let us start with the P&L. As you can see on slide 6 net sales grew 9.1% in the first quarter which translated to 7.9% on an organic basis before the impacts of currencies and acquisitions. We saw growth in each of our reporting segments and across most geographies. Enterprise Visibility & Mobility segment sales increased 11.6% led by especially strong demand in data capture and mobile computing products. Asset Intelligence and Tracking segment sales increased 1.2%. We realized strong run rate business which was partially offset by fewer large printer orders in North America than the prior year. Turning to our regions. In North America sales grew 7% driven by double-digit growth in our mobile computing and data capture categories. We saw particular strength in health care and retail. Sales to small and mid-sized accounts remained strong. The EMEA sales increased 9% with relative strength across data capture, printing and mobile computing. We saw broad-based growth across the continent. Retail was particularly strong with continued traction in RFID. Sales in our Asia-Pacific region were up 12% with strength across all major product and service categories. Most countries grew double-digits including China. Latin America sales decreased 3%, primarily due to lower sales in Mexico, due to geopolitical weakness. Adjusted gross profit increased $37 million or 8%. As expected, adjusted gross margin decreased 50 basis points from a strong margin rate in the prior year period, primarily driven by less favorable business mix in both operating segments. We expect favorable year-over-year margins in Q2 and the full year, as I will cover in my outlook commentary. Consistent with one of our principles, adjusted operating expenses as a percentage of net sales decreased 100 basis points from the prior year period. We achieved this operating leverage while continuing to make meaningful investments to drive organic growth. First quarter 2019, adjusted EBITDA margin was 21.1%, a 20-basis point increase from the prior year period. We drove non-GAAP earnings per diluted share of $2.92, a 14% year-over-year increase. Turning now to the balance sheet and cash flow highlights on slide 7. In the first quarter of 2019, we generated $27 million of free cash flow. This was $71 million lower than the prior year, reflecting increased working capital usage, including higher incentive compensation payouts tied to exceptional 2018 performance. Additionally, as expected, the timing of certain working capital items that benefited the fourth quarter of 2018 had an unfavorable impact on Q1 2019 cash flow. Keep in mind that we are committed to a target of 100% free cash flow conversion, which fluctuates by period due to various short-term factors such as those I just covered. We had net borrowings of $146 million in the first quarter, which were primarily used to fund the acquisition of Temptime. We ended the first quarter with $1.7 billion of debt on the balance sheet. As of the first quarter, we had 1.9 times net debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio, which is within our targeted range of 1.5 times to 2.5 times. Let us turn to our outlook on slide 8. We expect Q2 2019 net sales growth to be between 7% and 9%, which assumes an approximately 2.5 to 3.5 percentage point positive impact from recent acquisitions, and an approximately 50 basis point negative impact from foreign currency changes. We believe Q2 2019 adjusted EBITDA margin would be in the range of 20% to 21%, which assumes a high gross margin both sequentially and from the prior year. Non-GAAP diluted EPS is expected to be in the range of $2.80 to $2.95. We are raising full year 2019 net sales growth to be between 5% and 8%, which assumes an approximately 2 percentage point positive impact from recent acquisitions and approximately 50 basis point negative impact from foreign currency changes. Full year 2019 adjusted EBITDA margin is now expected to be between 21% and 22%, an improvement from 2018 and our prior guide. We continue to drive operating leverage and gross margin improvement in the business. We expect that full year 2019 free cash flow will exceed $625 million. We continue to expect to drive higher EBITDA and unlike 2018, we're assuming that working capital would be a use of cash in 2019. You can see other full year 2019 modeling assumptions on slide 8. With that, I will turn the call back to Anders to discuss progress on our strategic priorities.
Anders Gustafsson: Thank you, Olivier. We are very pleased with the progress we made in Q1 and the momentum in our business. Slide 10 shows our key strategic areas of focus, which support our industry leadership and drive value for all stakeholders. First, we continue to outpace the competition through our innovation, unmatched scale and strong relationships with customers and partners. Our mobile computer, data capture and printing portfolios have never been stronger. This has been accomplished through focused R&D investment to build upon our best-in-class offerings. We continue to see meaningful opportunities to address targeted underpenetrated geographies and market segments in our core business. We are capitalizing on key technology trends, including cloud-based printing, RFID and the transition in data capture to 2D imaging. Another trend has been the migration to the Android operating system, which now represents more than half of enterprise mobile computing sales in the industry. Many large retailers have made the transition, but we are early in the adoption curve in the warehouse environment. Second, we are focused on driving growth in attractive markets, where we can leverage our competitive advantages. We plan to scale existing categories where we are underpenetrated and enter new markets outside the core that advance us as a solutions provider. We expect to gain traction in these markets through both organic and inorganic investments. We target high-growth near adjacencies where we have a right to play, seeking businesses that can transform flows with their solutions. An organic example is in RFID, where we have been launching new fixed and mobile products and solutions that provide our customers significantly higher tracking accuracy for various use cases. From an inorganic growth perspective, we gained traction in smart supplies with the acquisition of Temptime Corporation. Temptime is the leader in designing and manufacturing a time-temperature monitoring portfolio that meets the strict specifications of the largest global health organizations' vaccination programs. Our business is to scale this technology deeper into the healthcare industry, as well as drive it into other use cases that can benefit from increased asset visibility. Third we are advancing our Enterprise Asset Intelligence division to enable every front line asset and a worker to be visible, connected and optimally utilized. We are doing this by leveraging our deep knowledge of workflows and capitalizing on key megatrends. I will discuss this more in a minute. Lastly maintaining our financial flexibility remains a key priority, as we invest in the business to accelerate our traction in attractive markets. Now turning to slide 11. Zebra enables our Enterprise Asset Intelligence vision by providing a digital view of the entire enterprise. Our products and solutions sense data from assets products and processes. This information, including status and location, is analyzed in real time to determine the best possible operational action to improve productivity and give greater insight into business operations. Our purpose-built products include a software layer which makes them easy to integrate and intuitive to manage. Additionally, our new software applications and tools improve automated data collection and analysis, maximize device security and enhance ease-of-use. Another integral part of our solutions ecosystem is Savanna, our cloud-based platform that powers our intelligent edge solutions with real-time data. Savanna is a key enabler of a wide range of our data-rich offerings. A newer example is our Workforce Connect software application which enables our customers to marry all of their communications onto a single mobile computer. Our team is encouraged by the additional opportunities we see to leverage the valuable data that is accessed through Savanna. We have been collaborating with an increasing number of our independent software partners, to utilize this platform to deploy new solutions that address our customers' challenges. The rise of machine vision, analytics and artificial intelligence is driving a new wave of intelligent automation which is complementary to our core business and a natural extension of our vision. Unlike, repetitive automation intelligent automation leverages our Sense, Analyze, Act framework to improve workflow efficiency with or without a human operator. A key example is our recent venture investment in a company that specializes in the collaboration of humans and robots to fulfill orders on the warehouse floor. We have made strong progress on our Enterprise Asset Intelligence division, as we helped businesses across many industries, digitize their operations and gain a performance edge. Zebra is benefiting from key technology megatrends including mobility, automation, cloud computing and the proliferation of smart devices and sensors, each of which are critical components to this transformation. Slide 12 highlights our primary vertical markets, Healthcare, Retail & Ecommerce, Transportation & Logistics and Manufacturing. In Healthcare, our fastest growing vertical, we are tracking clinical equipment and enabling caregivers to monitor patients while being mobile. These solutions translate into increased patient safety and reduce costs. We recently signed a new record healthcare deal for Zebra, with one of the largest health systems in Canada. This customer is initially deploying, premium handheld imagers and a range of desktop and mobile printers to manage specimen handling, wristband identification and other use cases. This Zebra solution increases productivity, and improves the overall level of patient care for this customer. In Retail & Ecommerce, we are a trusted strategic partner, for many of the largest companies in the world. We support their goals to drive their productivity metrics, and improve customer satisfaction. An increasing number of our customers are equipping their associates and shoppers with our mobile computers that empower them with their real-time information they need to successfully execute omni-channel fulfillment and elevate the overall in-store experience. Additionally, it is common for our customers to deploy a wider range of our solutions for their various use cases. Examples include our mobile computers and printers, flatbed and handheld 2D scanners as well as RFID solutions. At the ProMat trade show earlier this month, we showcased innovative solutions that help our manufacturing and transportation and logistics customers, digitize their supply chain and modernize their warehouses. These include the next generation of Android mobile computers, RFID products and solutions to provide a digital view of their trailer loading process, and worksite activities. According to our research, our customers are faced with, daunting scale challenges driven by the on-demand economy. Due to this increased volume, more than half of warehouse leaders plan to either add warehouses to their operations or enlarge current facilities over the next five years. By helping to drive increased productivity and efficiencies, we can help limit the scope of these costly expansions. At the ProMat showcase Purolator a leading Canadian freight package and logistics Solutions Company, demonstrated how they are using software on Zebra's mobile computers, for track and trace, dispatch and hub management operations. Together with a trusted partner, we have implemented a five-year as-a-service deployment model for Purolator. This solution will improve delivery time, increase worker productivity and enhance customer service. In manufacturing, our customers are looking for trusted partners who can increase their operational visibility while reducing cost and complexity. A notable example can be found with a major Latin American food manufacturer. The project includes plant floor solutions using our ET50 tablets and ZT400 series industrial printers across all their facilities in the region. It was a consultative engagement, which was initiated by our experts assessing this customer's operations and prioritizing optimal solutions. We were recently awarded the sizable data capture deployment with a customer outside of our traditional verticals. A large Italian gaming company recently rolled out our products to comply with the European Union anti-money laundering directive. They need to efficiently capture certified identification data from their customers for lottery ticket purchases and our solution best met their unique needs. We are pursuing additional opportunities with other prospective customers who need to comply with this regulation and similar directives. In summary, we are excited about the innovative solutions we are implementing with a diverse set of enterprise customers worldwide. Secular trends including the on-demand economy and increased regulation are driving increasingly complex business priorities that Zebra is uniquely positioned to address. Now I'll hand the call back over to Mike.
Mike Steele: Thanks, Anders. We'll now open the call to Q&A. We ask that you limit yourself to one question and one follow-up, so that we can get to as many of you as possible.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the Q&A session. [Operator Instructions] And today's first question comes from Jim Ricchiuti of Needham & Company. Please go ahead.
Jim Ricchiuti: Hi, good morning. Two questions. First, I wanted to focus more near term on the environment for mobile computing. You're continuing to see good strength in that market and we've talked about the upgrade opportunity. But it appears that it's much more than that that this is not just an upgrade opportunity, but it's also a market expansion story tied to associates using more of these. Is there any help, you can give us in terms of how we might think about the growth rate for this portion of the business over the next year or so?
Anders Gustafsson: Yeah. Thank you. First, all our product lines grew this past quarter. They were fueled by the innovative and broad portfolio of products and solutions that we have. And I think also our deep understanding of our customers' vertical workflows and how we can leverage data at the edge is great enablers of new use cases and a way for our customers to derive data, or derive value out of our solutions. So we're very excited about the opportunity we have across all our product lines and we're enabling several megatrends such as the on-demand economy with this. And specifically to our mobile computing portfolio, we had broad-based growth in Q2 and we've had great momentum in the business for several quarters now. I think I'd highlight two key drivers that we see; one is new use cases and the other one is in the Android conversion across the industry. First, then on the new use cases, I see that as a good long-term driver for the business. Three specific sub-points, I guess here. First, we are seeing a lot of our customers consolidate multiple devices or applications onto a mobile computer. So if you think historically they would have a printer, a scanner, or not printer but scanners and walkie-talkies, desk phones or PBX extensions. All of those things can now be consolidated onto our mobile computers and the Workforce Connect will be a great example of a software application that we developed that helps do this. And that makes the ROI very strong for purchases of mobile computers. Second trend will be around our customers are looking to have -- put a device in the hand of every worker, so that they're reaching much further into their operations to deploy technology and obviously that's a great driver for us. And third and I talk about screen size, so our tablet business. The tablet side of business the bigger screen sizes are growing as a market faster than the traditional mobile computers. And we're seeing more site managers getting tablets to digest the data that's being ingested by our mobile computers. So those are our three kind of new use cases that we see driving growth. And then on the Android transition that continues to be a good catalyst for us. Now more than 50% of the market is Android and so less than 50% of new devices sold are Microsoft. There are still substantial amount of Microsoft devices going into the market. And we have approximately 60% market share of the Android space and approaching 50% overall. So it's still a huge potential here with approximately $10 million legacy Windows devices in the market that over time will need to be converted. And maybe Joe Heel you want to add a little bit to this?
Joe Heel: Yes. The Android transition has been a terrific opportunity for us and we do see that continuing in the space that Anders described with about 10 million devices left. Where are those devices? Well, you see that we've -- the core retailers have adopted our solution quite broadly. And now we're seeing the expansion in T&L in manufacturing. The warehouse is really the frontier that we're working on right now as well as mid-tier accounts right, where the larger accounts have adopted now the mid-tier is adopting. And one of the things we're seeing that you can also see in the market is that before a customer can adopt their software application has to be available on Android. And so we've been working hard with ISVs who have come to our program in very significant numbers to help them move their applications to Android and that's I think the indication that the expansion into the warehouse and the manufacturing space is where the Android migration will go next and the rest of those 10 million computers will be what we will pursue.
Anders Gustafsson: Yes. So you can see there are many reasons for us to be excited about the mobile computing portfolio.
Jim Ricchiuti: That's helpful, Anders. I have one other question if I may. As you look at the business and look back over the last one to two years, are you surprised at all by the increased pace of change with respect to how retailers and some of the logistics operators are moving to adopt automation technology? Are we seeing something that appears to be more of an acceleration versus where you might have thought the market was going to be a year ago?
Anders Gustafsson: I'd say the -- we're not particularly surprised. I think we've expected this and worked for this for a long time. I often kind of joke and say tell people that overnight successes took years to happen and so we've been working on a number of these initiatives and new solutions to enable these changes and this higher pace of change. So we've been at this for a long time, but it may not necessarily become apparent to outsiders how long we've been working at it. It comes across as being maybe we're an overnight success.
Joe Heel: I mean as one point of evidence. Almost five years ago, we put forward division of Enterprise Asset Intelligence, right, which is sense, analyze and act. And the automation is a natural part of that and we're just seeing increasing opportunities to bring together all these technologies that we've had in the past and the innovations that we'll bring to market in the future to capitalize on that automation trend.
Jim Ricchiuti: Thanks a lot.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Jason Rodgers of Great Lakes Review. Please go ahead.
Jason Rodgers: Yes, I wonder if you could talk a little bit more about the unfavorable business mix that you saw in both segments in the quarter and perhaps mention some of the factors that give you confidence that mix will improve in the second quarter?
Olivier Leonetti: So good morning, Jason. I believe you are referring to the margin trend, is that correct, Jason?
Jason Rodgers: Correct.
Olivier Leonetti: Yes. So in the quarter and that was part of our Q1 guide, we had a gross margin rate being lower than Q1 last year. If you remember Q1 last year was a strong margin rate. What expected -- what happened in Q1 as expected was two things. One, the Zebra Retail Solution which is a very -- which is a high-margin business was very focused in Q1 last year. This year this revenue will be spread. The impact on the quarter is about 20 basis points. And then you add some business mix impacting also the margin. Now implied in our guide is that we expect Q2 margin to be higher than Q1 of 2019 and we expect the rest of the year margin to be higher than last year. And if you look at our P&L over the last two years, you have seen that we've been able to scale margin up. We believe that this year would be no exception and we feel comfortable about the levers we have to achieve that goal.
Jason Rodgers: And then as far as the leverage that you have I believe perhaps last quarter you talked about the net debt-to-EBITDA approaching the bottom of your range around 1.5 times by midyear. Do you have an update on that target?
Olivier Leonetti: Absolutely. So in the -- at the end of Q1, our leverage ratio was 1.9 times. We have a target. We have said that during our last call target leverage of 1.5 to 2.5. We believe and you can sense that from the remarks from Anders and Joe, we are very excited by our end markets and by our ability to compete. As a result, in terms of capital allocation the priority would be to invest in our business either organically or through M&As. We believe that that would provide us with the best adjusted return. Now share repurchase will become a consideration if we stay below our targeted leverage on a sustainable basis.
Jason Rodgers: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question today comes from James Faucette of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Erik Lapinski: Hi, team. This is Erik on for James. Thanks for taking our question today. I just wanted to ask like as you're thinking through the current demand environment, have you seen any softening of RFPs or cancellations or pushouts?
Anders Gustafsson: We have not seen any pushouts or any particular softening. The year has progressed very much the way we had expected. So if you go back to 2018 we had a very, very strong growth rate and the annual guidance we've given here is for that to moderate, but I think that has been entirely expected by us and projected. So far, I would say the year is progressing pretty much the way we expected it to.
Erik Lapinski: All right. Thank you. That's helpful. And just thinking through that, if you're -- are there any areas where maybe your models have ticked down or may have ticked up or still pretty much where you're expecting?
Olivier Leonetti: Pretty much as expected at this stage in terms of top line and profitability. And when you look at the quarter also and that has been a theme you see that we have a very diversified business either by region, by product, by vertical. So we think -- we are feeling good about where we are as a company and we are serving important secular trends. So we are feeling good about where we are as a business.
Erik Lapinski: Thank you. Thats it for me.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Richard Eastman of Robert W. Baird. Please go ahead.
Richard Eastman: Hi, guys. Good morning. Just a question around the AIT, the printing business. Could you just speak maybe a little bit to the core growth in the quarter? You still have some tough comps in Q2, Q3. Just curious how you expect that business to play out through the balance of the year. And also it's interesting I presume you've got some price there, but the gross margin was quite good relative to what we were thinking. So maybe just kind of address the pricing and the growth rate in printing if you would?
Anders Gustafsson: First AIT had a good performance in the quarter. We grew on the back of strong supplies performance and within supplies, we had a relative strength within wristband and RFID. The overall printer market had fewer large deals, the large orders in Q1, which also we saw less large deals than we did a year ago. But that was offset by particularly strong run rate business for us. But looking a bit more longer term, we have a very strong and fresh portfolio of smart connected printers with really unrivaled manageability through our Link-OS operating system. That's a great differentiator for us. We've launched a number of new printer products over the last 12 to 18 months, which are being very well accepted by the market and helping to ramp. So we are quite excited about our printing portfolio and the growth prospects we see in the market. Specific to pricing, I'll see if Joe had any comments on that.
Joe Heel: Well, I give you two pointers that are perhaps more a mix point, which is on the one hand the higher end of our product range. The tabletop printing range had a strong quarter. If you look carefully in the regional piece, you'll see that Asia-Pacific did well where a lot of the regional printing business in the high-end is concentrated. And another area where mix improvement has helped us is in the supplies business. We've always said that supplies is a growth opportunity, and we've focused recently on making the mix move towards the more profitable parts of that portfolio.
Richard Eastman: And just as a thought there. Was there anything in the channel -- was there any inventory adjustments in the channel moving from the fourth quarter into the first quarter? Any pull into the fourth quarter based on pricing or programs or anything like that?
Anders Gustafsson: No, we didn't see any pull-ins into Q4 particularly, and there was nothing out of the norm that was going over that channel. The channel inventory is within the normal range of days in the inventory as we set out with them, and the channel performed very well though for us a strong run rate. So it was all good.
Richard Eastman: Okay. And then, just as a follow-up, Anders. Could you maybe talk just generally about Xplore, now that you have that acquisition integrated? What does the product roadmap look like there? Is there an OS upgrade opportunity there? You mentioned larger screens maybe being a factor in mobile computing. But just any thoughts you can have around Xplore and maybe what their product roadmap looks like as you move forward to stimulate growth there?
Anders Gustafsson: Yeah. I'll start, and then, I'll ask Joe to provide some extra color also. But, overall, our big screen or tablet portfolio is performing very well that includes then the Xplore Technologies portfolio but also ET50 tablets that we had before. And with the Xplore acquisition, we've become the clear number two in the tablet space. So quite excited about the opportunities we see there. We have already launched a number of new products for Xplore which have been well received, and we are looking to here to soon launch our Android products for Xplore. So we're looking to basically extend the traditionally Android portfolio of mobile computers into the tablet portfolio also, and we've had already the ET50 on Android for some time. We've also now fully integrated organizationally the Xplore into Zebra, and all the IT stuff will be done here this quarter. Xplore is now part of our PartnersConnect, partner program. So every reseller around the world has the ability to sell our full tablet portfolio, and all our sellers are incorporating that also. So overall, I think we feel very good about what's going on with our tablet portfolio and the growth prospects we have. Joe any further thoughts?
Joe Heel: I'll add one other thing that we're particularly excited about, which is, as Anders mentioned, the flagship product of the Xplore line that we just launched is the L10. We launched it on Windows, and coming up towards the middle of the year is the Android launch of that same product line. That's significant, because one of the big drivers as we talked about earlier of our growth in Android has been our ability to bring our platform, our Android platform and Mobility DNA, and all that differentiating capability we have into the market. And now, we're bringing that to the market in ultra-rugged tablets. There's nothing like that in the market today. And what it provides customers is now a complete portfolio from the refreshed, so this is the other great change that's coming, the refreshed ET50, so there'll be the ET51 and 56 as a semi-rugged Android tablet complemented with now the Xplore rugged tablets also on our Android platform. There's nothing like that in the industry. So we're very excited about that as being a major expansion for the Xplore portfolio.
Richard Eastman: Awesome. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Brian Drab of William Blair. Please go ahead.
Brian Drab: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. The first question is just on the guidance and what it implies for the second half of the year. I just want to make sure that I'm understanding this correctly. So the guidance for 5% to 8% revenue growth for the year, if you hit the midpoint in the second quarter, the growth in the first half will be about 8.5% and the guidance implies then about 4.5% in the second half including a net tailwind from FX and acquisitions. Can you just talk about how, number one, the outlook for larger orders appears to be developing for the second half of the year? And number two, what you're expecting for relative growth between EVM and AIT for the second half of the year?
Olivier Leonetti: So, good morning Brian. So your calculation is correct. We feel confident about the numbers you have mentioned based upon the visibility we have and that despite strong comps. And the reasons for this confidence, I'm not going to spend too much time on this, is based upon the strong secular trends we are today serving. In term of large orders, we are not planning for large orders at this stage to be a significant part of our business. And in terms of growth profile between the various businesses, we think mobile computing still being strong. We believe that data capture would be as well stronger performance. But as we indicated before, printing supplies and also services and software are going to contribute to the growth and offer us various avenues to keep growing the company and post good profitability profile.
Brian Drab: Thanks Olivier. Can I just clarify that, do you think in the second half of the year that EVM continues to grow at a faster rate than AIT as we saw in this first quarter?
Olivier Leonetti: That's the planning assumption today indeed.
Brian Drab: Perfect.
Olivier Leonetti: And we covered the drivers behind that earlier Android and new use cases.
Brian Drab: Perfect. Thanks. And then it's been a couple of quarters since you've commented on the potential positive impact of a rollout of -- or more extensive rollout of 5G capability across the infrastructure. Can you talk about what impact 5G could have on your business and the timing of that impact potentially? Thanks.
Anders Gustafsson: First 3G services are expected to be turned down by 2021. So that would be one driver towards -- upgrading towards between the 4G or 5G devices. 5G rollout we haven't announced when we will have launch our first 5G device. But I would say, we are not highlighting us much, because we don't see it as a real near term or certainly a 2019 opportunity. But longer-term, 5G can have a great impact on our business. It can really make the drive further connectivity at the edge of the network. You can have a lot of different types of devices connected and leverage data including mobile computers or printers and even scanners. So if you think of small warehouses or retail stores that might decide to not implement Wi-Fi going forward, they might just go for a 5G as the connectivity for the store and have all the applications in the cloud instead. So, I think, there's many drivers that can be very helpful to our business based on 5G.
Brian Drab: Okay. Thanks Anders.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Keith Housum of Northcoast Research. Please go ahead.
Keith Housum: Good morning guys. I was hoping for a little bit more color on the Xplore acquisition. I understand the commentary that you guys provided here. But if I look at the numbers that is provided here both in the fourth quarter and this quarter, it appears that Xplore has actually been slowing down from when you guys bought it. Were there challenges that were existing in the business or has some of the business moved over to the Zebra tablets that suggests that it's underperforming now and you guys will expect it to accelerate here from -- from here on in. But hoping for some color for that?
Anders Gustafsson: Yes. So I'll start and then Joe will provide some extra color. But first I'd say Xplore is performing in line with our expectations from when we made the acquisition. So we are quite pleased with the performance overall. It's meeting our expectations. One thing to remember beginning of 2018 there was -- Xplore had some very large refreshes that kind of made those quarters look stronger than say an average trend line would be. And we hadn't expected that some of those large refreshes to repeat this year, but those are still customers and we're still supporting them, but not for the same volumes. Joe?
Joe Heel: Right. So Keith perhaps the way to look at it is if you take those large refreshes from the prior year in our plan we had not expected that those would repeat this year. So our target and that's why Anders said it's performing according to our plan is to grow quarter-on-quarter without those large refreshes. And if you look at that that's exactly what you see. So we're quite pleased with how that's developing.
Keith Housum: Got it. Appreciate it. And then Anders do you have a little more color on I guess one of the earlier questions where we're talking about EBITDA margin guidance going throughout the year as well as gross margins. I believe you referenced that you had some leverage to pull to expand gross margin as the year progresses. Can you provide a few examples what some of those gross margin opportunities would be?
Olivier Leonetti: So let me cover that Keith.
Keith Housum: Sure.
Olivier Leonetti: So we believe that we have the ability to improve margin and scale OpEx and actually this is an operating principle for the company. We have demonstrated that over the last two years and we are demonstrating that in our guide also this year. To answer to your question, specifically on margin, we are using a series of levers. First of all, COGS levers, how do we optimize our supply chain? So design for value adding more and more combined parts between the various devices. And also we're optimizing the way we price and the way we price to value. And having software, hardware packaged together allows us to sell on an ROI basis rather than just -- not only on price. And on OpEx just to finish my discussion here, we believe that as we are growing the business we are able to add dollars in OpEx, but nevertheless scale. And you saw in the quarter Keith we scaled OpEx as a proportion of revenue by about 100 basis points and we do the same this year as we did over the last two years.
Keith Housum: Great. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Andrew Buscaglia of Berenberg. Please go ahead.
Andrew Buscaglia: Hey, guys. Just a question on -- so one of your larger competitors saw some destocking with their distributors in the quarter. Sounds like you guys never really see that. Can you talk a little bit about that and if you looked into that where you saw any impacts related to that?
Anders Gustafsson: Yes. We can't comment really on what our competitors have said or what's been going on with their business. But from a Zebra perspective, we did not see any destocking in the channel in Q1. We managed our days on hand inventory ratios with our distribution partners which is just the ones who hold inventory. The resellers don't hold inventory regularly. We always manage the days on hand ratios very carefully. So we want them to have adequate stock to be able to support the market, but we don't want them to have a more and be I'd say heavy as that impacts their profitability targets and how much they can invest in other programs to help us drive demand. And our sales team is incented on sales out, so there's no particular incentive for them to drive sales in if it doesn't have a clear path to get sold out. So for us the channel performed very well. We had strong sales out data and we saw no signs of destocking.
Andrew Buscaglia: Okay. And your cash flow in the quarter was that in line with your expectations? I mean, it was a little lower than I was expecting and you're going to have a little bit of a ramp to catch up to your guidance looks like.
Olivier Leonetti: You're right. We are still -- as again another principle, we are managing cash to ensure that we have a free cash flow conversion of about 100%. We might not need that ratio in every single period. And in Q1 that was one of those. That was expected. Two reasons for this. We had a strong cash conversion cycle at the end of Q4, if you remember Andrew, and that's an impact in Q1. And also we had high incentive compensation payments in Q1, as we paid our bonuses due to the exceptional performance in 2018. But we are driving this business to drive about 100% free cash flow conversion and we have, to your point, some catch-up to do, but we believe we have the plan to do this. So, we are confident about the cash flow numbers we communicated to you Andrew.
Andrew Buscaglia: Okay. And maybe one last one, if I may. I mean, this Temptime acquisition, I think, is pretty interesting. You guys going a little bit deeper in healthcare, medical. Is this sort of a tip to what you'll -- where you want to continue to invest? Or is it more so we just think of this as a one-off that it came up at the right price and you took it.
Anders Gustafsson: Well, Temptime is that we still focus -- was a great acquisition for us. It really helps us in two areas. One, we've talked about supplies as a near adjacency where we are not as penetrated. We don't have the market share that we think we should have. And the other one was around the connecting the digital and -- the physical with the digital, so kind of the EAI aspect of the supplies here. So, Temptime could address both of those. We thought that was very attractive and exciting for us. I'm not sure how many specific opportunities we'll have to do that again, but we -- so I'm not sure I will say this is a trend that we'll see more of those. But we like the supplies business and we clearly like the EAI aspect of this of how to digitize our supplies business.
Andrew Buscaglia: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Jeffrey Kessler of Imperial Capital. Please go ahead.
Jeffrey Kessler: Thank you. Thank you for taking my question. I was interested in your comment about the Latin American food manufacturer that the way you want it was on a consultative engagement. Are you seeing a better mix of, if you want to call it, gaining a contract at the C-level relative to going in and just dealing with the facilities people or the security people et cetera, et cetera. Are there going to be more of these types of, if you want to call it, longer term trust-oriented value proposition negotiations that you can identify for specific vertical markets?
Anders Gustafsson: Yeah. We -- some of the areas where we can provide particular insight is that we have very deep knowledge of our customers' vertical workflows. So, we have a team of people who regularly go out and live a day in the life of our customers, so they can be working alongside a nursing hospital or doing ride-alongs with a delivery truck driver or something like that to see how they are performing their duties and how we can apply technology to better help them, make their operations more productive, but also improve the customer experience or the patient experience. And then when you start leveraging the access to data that we have today that we didn't necessarily have the same say five years back, we can do more things around how we can offer greater insights into their business and enable our customers to be even more productive around those areas. So, I think we now have better access and we've invested in the capabilities to help assess our customers' operations and for how they can apply technology to achieve their business goals. So, this is very much a part of how we want to engage with our customers and some are more receptive than others, but it's been a great example of how we try to leverage the skill sets we have. And Joe, any further thoughts?
Joe Heel: Yes. I'm so pleased that you noticed this. This has been a centerpiece of the transformation we've been driving in our go-to-market. And we talked a lot about how we want to bring solutions to market, but not often how we do that and how we do that is exactly as you've mentioned in this example in Latin America highlights. When we take a solution like location solution to market, we spend a lot of time with the auto manufacturer, understanding their workflow and advising them how they can optimize that workflow by knowing where all the parts are. Or when we're implementing a SmartPack solution, we run a pilot and then some intensive consultative work with the customer to help them understand, how that will help them increase in their trailer load efficiency for example. And so this is a centerpiece of what we're doing. We're dedicating close to 10% of our sales force are ready to this type of consultative selling and we expect that only to expand.
Jeffrey Kessler: Great. And can I have a follow-up on your -- any tweaks or any new trends that you were seeing in your partners program? It was -- obviously it got off to a somewhat rough start years ago and then it kind of blossomed. What is going on right now in the partners program that has you believing that you can add -- it will be additive to your value proposition beyond what it's already done?
Anders Gustafsson: Yes. I mean the partner program has been in place now for three, four years. And it's been well accepted I think by our partner community. They believe it's adding value and helping to kind of structure how we work together. So we're not envisioning any say large changes to it. It is working well and we are helping drive more cross-sell as an example out of this. We've seen partners that sell more than one product. They have overall higher growth rates than the average growth rate of the partner. And we continue to add new partners to the program as we expand. The one thing that we have put increasingly more emphasis on is our independent software vendors. So we commented a little bit on that earlier. But we see ISVs as an integral part of our overall partner program and our go-to-market capabilities. These software vendors are a big enabler of the Android transition also as they now have crossed more and more verticals started to put their software from traditional legacy Windows environments to Android. And that's kind of one of the prerequisites for us being able to provide the Android devices on the back end of that. Any further comments, Joe?
Joe Heel: Well, I think the main part that I would highlight is Zebra has been and has increasingly been since at the Enterprise acquisition a channel-centric company. So our channel centricity, the percentage of revenue we do to the channel is well over 80%. And every year since the acquisition that has gone up further. So our partners have noticed this. They have grown faster than the rest of the Zebra business. And not only that, but the registered partners and our largest partners have concentrated a larger portion of business with them. So this has been an attractive value proposition and journey for them. And the changes that we have made recently were intended to make this even more attractive, I would say in two ways. One, is we've introduced some specialization for example in health care and in RFID, we've introduced specializations that allow partners who may not be among the largest partners, but have a specialty capability to be successful and flourish economically and that's attracted new partners to the program. And the second one is there's a great deal of interest among the partners in the solutions that we have been talking about recently. And this has been on the one hand a blessing for us, but we've had to manage it carefully because onboarding partners into these complex consultative solutions conversations is more demanding and we can't do that in as broad based array as we can with products. But for those partners that we've onboarded this has been an attractive additional value proposition they can take to market and differentiate their business. So those have been some trends in the portfolio.
Jeffrey Kessler: Thank you, very much.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Gustafsson for any closing remarks.
Anders Gustafsson: Thank you. I want to thank the Zebra team and our partners for a strong first quarter and solid momentum into Q2. We are looking forward to ringing the closing bell at the NASDAQ market site in Times Square tomorrow to celebrate Zebra's 50th anniversary and honoring all who have contributed to our company's growth and success over the past five decades. So have a great day everyone.
Operator: Thank you. Today's conference has now concluded and we thank you all for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect your lines and have a wonderful day.

===== 2018 Q4  (2019-02-14 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2018 Zebra Technologies Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mike Steele, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Mike Steele: Good morning. Thank you for joining us today. Before we begin, I need to inform you that certain statements made on this call are forward-looking and subject to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based on current expectations and assumptions and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially due to factors discussed in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. During this call, we will make reference to non-GAAP financial measures as we describe our business performance. You can find reconciliations of our GAAP to non-GAAP results in today's earnings press release and at the end of the slide presentation. This presentation will include prepared remarks from Anders Gustafsson, our Chief Executive Officer; and Olivier Leonetti, our Chief Financial Officer. Anders will begin by discussing our fourth quarter and full-year highlights. Olivier will then provide more detail on the financials and discuss our 2019 outlook. Anders will conclude with progress made on Zebra's strategic priorities. Following the prepared remarks, Joe Heel, our Senior Vice President of Global Sales, will join us as we take your questions. Also, throughout this presentation, unless otherwise indicated, our references to sales growth are year-over-year on a constant currency basis and exclude results from the recently acquired Xplore Technologies business. This presentation is being simulcast on our website at investors.zebra.com and will be archived there for at least one year. Now, I'll turn the call over to Anders.
Anders Gustafsson: Thank you, Mike. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Our team delivered exceptional fourth quarter results. We executed well driving strong profitable growth across the business and extended our lead in the market. Sales, EBITDA margin, and earnings per share all exceeded our outlook. As you can see on Slide 4, we are pleased to report net sales growth of nearly 11% or 9% on an organic basis; and adjusted EBITDA margin of 21.1%, a 120-basis point year-over-year improvement; non-GAAP diluted EPS of $3.10, a 33% increase from the prior year; and free cash flow of $309 million. We achieved strong performance across our business, including double digit sales growth in North America, Asia Pacific and Latin America. We grew each of our major product and service categories, including mobile computing, data capture, special printing, supplies and support services. Demand was solid through the channel and from our direct customers. We say particular strength in healthcare, manufacturing, and retail and e-commerce. Our record Q4 results cap an outstanding full-year financial performance of 11% organic sales growth, 20.7% adjusted EBITDA margin, and $721 million of free cash flow. We continue to build on our industry leading offerings by investing in our people, operations, and technology to drive a sustainable growth. We have strong momentum entering 2019, supported by our order backlog and pipeline of opportunities. With that, I will now turn the call over to Olivier, to review our financial results and to discuss our 2019 outlook.
Olivier Leonetti: Thank you, Anders. Let us begin with a walk through the P&L. As you can see on Slide 6, net sales grew 10.8% in the fourth quarter, which translated to 9.1% on an organic basis before the impacts of currencies and acquisitions. We saw solid growth in each of our reporting segments and across all regions. Enterprise Visibility & Mobility segment sales increased 11.6%, led by especially strong demand in data capture and mobile computing products. Asset Intelligence & Tracking segment sales increased 4.3%. Turning to our regions. North America sales grew 11%, driven by double-digit growth across our mobile computing, data capture, and printing categories. We saw particular strength in healthcare, retail and e-commerce, and manufacturing. Sales growth to small and mid-sized accounts was exceptional. EMEA sales increased 6% with relative strength in data capture, mobile computing and printing supplies. Sales in our Asia-Pacific region were up 12% with strength across major product and service categories. Our China business grew mid-single digits and most countries grew double-digits. Latin America sales increased 10% as economic and political conditions stabilized. We saw particular strength in printing solutions. All sub-regions grew, including Brazil. Adjusted gross profit increased $72 million or 15%. Adjusted gross margin increased 190 basis points, primarily driven by continued improvement in our go-to-market execution, favorable business mix shift in the EVM segment, and favorable foreign currency exchange impacts. Adjusted operating expenses as a percentage of net sales increased 10 basis points from the prior period reflecting higher incentive compensation expense, due to improved business performance. Fourth quarter 2018, adjusted EBITDA margin was 21.1%, a 120-basis point increase from the prior year period. In addition to EBITDA margin expansion, the decreased tax rate and lower interest cost from our debt restructurings drove non-GAAP earnings per diluted share to $3.10, a 33% year-over-year increase. Turning now to the balance sheet and cash flow highlights on Slide 7. In 2018, we paid down $657 million of debt principal supported by strong free cash flow of $721 million. The $293 million increase in free cash flow as compared to 2017 was primarily driven by increased operating profitability, lower acquisition and integration cost, and exceptional working capital management. We ended this year with $1.6 billion of debt on the balance sheet. Slide 8 shows the path to our 1.8 times net debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio as of year-end. We reduced the leverage ratio by approximately 1.4 terms in the past year leaving us well-position to continue to invest in the business. We have updated our target range for net debt leverage to be between 1.5 times to 2.5 times. This expands the lower end of the range by [indiscernible] to allow for additional flexibility in our capital structure. Let us turn to our outlook on Slide 9. We entered 2019 with a solid order backlog and strong end market demand for our leading portfolio of solutions. We expect Q1 2019 net sales growth to be between 6% and 9%, which assumes an approximately 1.5 to 2 percentage point positive impact from the acquisition of Xplore Technologies and approximately 1 percentage point negative impact from foreign currency changes. We believe Q1 2019 adjusted EBITDA margin would be approximately 21%, which assumes operating expense leverage offset by lower gross margin as compared to especially favorable gross margin in the prior year period. Non-GAAP diluted EPS is expected to be in the range of $2.75 to $2.95. We expect full-year 2019 net sales growth to be between 4% and 7%, which assumes an approximately 1 percentage point positive impact from the acquisition of Xplore and approximately 50 basis point from negative impact from Foreign Currency changes. Full-year 2019 adjusted EBITDA margin is expected to be slightly higher than 21%, an improvement from 2018 as we continue to drive operating leverage in the business. We believe that full-year 2019 free cash flow will exceed $625 million. We expect to drive higher EBITDA than 2018, and unlike 2018, we are assuming that working capital will be a use of cash in 2019. Also note that our 2019 outlook assumes a modest level of tariff on certain products, accessories, and components that we source from China. Its a freed situation and our teams have been working diligently to address the types that have been enacted to date. You can see other full-year 2019 modeling assumptions on Slide 9. Note that our 2019 outlook does not include any projected results from the acquisition of Temptime Corporation, a recently announced transaction that we expect to complete soon this quarter. Temptimes annualized sales exceeded $40 million. The acquisition is expected to generate approximately $0.15 to $0.20 of annualized adjusted EPS accretion. Anders will discuss the acquisition in a few moments. With that, I will turn the call back to Anders to discuss progress on our strategic priorities.
Anders Gustafsson: Thank you, Olivier. We are very pleased with the progress we made in 2018. Slide 11 shows our key strategic areas of focus. Successful execution of these priorities drives our industrial leadership and value for all stakeholders. First, we continue to drive market share gains through our innovation unmatched scale and strong relationships with customers and partners. We saw exceptionally strong broad-based demand for our products and solutions in 2018. We are capitalizing on technology trends in the industry, including the transition to the android operating system in mobile computing and ongoing transitions in data capture to 2D and RFID. We are also addressing underpenetrated market segments and geographies. We had a record number of launches across our product and solutions categories in 2018. Our mobile computer, data capture, and printing portfolios have never been stronger. This investment will continue to benefit us in 2019 and beyond. Second, we are focused on driving growth in attractive markets where we can leverage our competitive advantages. We plan to scale existing categories where we are underpenetrated and at the new markets that advance us as a solutions provider. We expect to gain traction in these markets through both organic and inorganic investments. This includes highly selective acquisitions that will accelerate our strategy to advance our enterprise asset intelligence vision. We target high growth near adjacencies where we have a right to play seeking businesses with a differentiated value proposition, which can transform work flows. As a proof point, on January 28, we announced our intention to acquire Temptime Corporation. Temptime is the leader in designing and manufacturing a time temperature monitoring portfolio that meets the strict specifications of the largest global health organizations vaccination programs. This acquisition is a great fit and will advance the integration of smart supplies into our enterprise asset intelligence vision as we incorporate these new capabilities. We have the unique ability to scale this technology deeper into the healthcare industry, as well as drive it into other key opportunities such as food safety that can benefit from increased asset visibility. Third, we are advancing our enterprise asset intelligence vision to enable every frontline asset and worker to be visible, connected, and optimally utilized. Our expertise in workflow solutions across our primary vertical markets enables us to continue to strengthen and expand relationships with our customers and partners. I will elaborate further in a minute. Lastly, we have enhanced Zebras financial strength and flexibility by increasing cash flow and optimizing our capital structure. Our financial flexibility remains a key priority as we invest in the business to accelerate our traction in high growth adjacent areas. Now turning to Slide 12, Zebra provides a digital view of the entire enterprise to enable enterprise asset intelligence. Our products and smart infrastructures sense information about assets, products, and processes. The information, including status, location, and condition is then analyzed in real time to determine the best possible operational action. The result is reduced friction in work flows, improved productivity, and greater insight into business operations. I like to spend a minute on how hardware, software, and the Cloud are essential to our solutions. Our products are ultra-rugged and reliable with purpose driven designs that are tailor made for the frontline and its work flows. There is no one size fits all solution. Every device specification is designed to maximize productivity and safety for a particular use case. In addition to the hardware, software is a critical differentiator for us. Our products include software that make them easy to integrate and intuitive to manage. We call this our DNA software layer, which is integrated across our mobile computing, data capture, and printing portfolios. Additionally, we have been developing new software applications and tools that improve automated data collection and analysis, maximize device security, and enhance ease of use, all of which are increasingly critical to our enterprise and government customers. The innovation starts with our team, nearly two-thirds of our engineers specialize in software systems and user interface development. Our growing team continually works to enrich our portfolio of smart products and solutions. Another integral part of our solutions ecosystem is Savanna, which is our intelligent edge platform that powers our Cloud-based data driven solutions such as motion works, SmartPack trailer, and work force connect with real time data. We have been collaborating with an increasing number of our independent software vendor partners to accelerate the use of Savannah to deploy new solutions that solve problems for our customers and improve their performance edge. As a thought leader in our industry, we are at the forefront of this opportunity. Just as we have been with other key transitions, including enterprise, Android adoption, Cloud-based printing, RFID, and 2D barcode scanning. We are seeing evidence of our EAI vision as we help businesses across many industries digitize their operations. We are a driving force in advancing key technology megatrends, including Cloud computing, mobility, automation, and the proliferation of smart devices; each of which are critical components to this transformation. Slide 13 highlights the primary vertical markets that we serve, manufacturing, healthcare, transportation of logistics, as well as retail and ecommerce, which all grew double digits in 2018. We are leveraging our strong commitment to innovation and deep industry expertise to deliver innovative end-to-end solutions for customers to compete effectively in an evolving marketplace. In manufacturing, our customers need to know where their equipment, material, and people are in real time across their supply chain. They are looking for trusted partners, who can increase their operational visibility, while reducing cost and complexity. Recently, a global automotive manufacturer purchased a wide variety of our latest generation mobile computers and tablets for their assembly line warehouse and quality control processes. Data security and product life cycle management were the customers other key considerations as theyve transitioned to an all Android enterprise operating system environment. Our ability to facilitate seamless system integration and guarantee operating system upgrades and security patches for the life of our products or differentiators that helped us win this business. In healthcare, our solutions track essential clinical equipment and enable care providers to monitor patients, while being mobile, which translates into increased patient safety and reduced cost. We recently received our largest healthcare order ever from one of the most prominent healthcare organizations in the world. This customer will be using our purpose-built TC51 mobile computer to consolidate various communications tools to streamline collaboration and provide an improved level of patient care. In the transportation and logistics business, our offerings provide real time visibility of assets at every point in their supply chain, including the loading dock, warehouse, and point of delivery. The increasingly on demand economy and shortage of labor has pressured enterprises to investing in innovative solutions to drive productivity. We recently expanded our relationship with a long-time global customer by implementing a locationing solution that compliments their existing SmartPack installation. The total solution assesses real time aircraft container utilization and facilitates more efficient staging and loading of shipments. In retail and e-commerce, we have been driving transformative solutions to address increasingly complex challenges. Last month, at the National Retail Federation Expo, we showcased 20 innovative solutions that help retailers execute on omnichannel fulfilment, sales floor effectiveness, and elevate the overall in-store experience. Walgreens had a prominent presence at our booth this year as they are in the process of rolling out our ET50 tablets and TC51 mobile computers to all of their U.S. stores. This initiative complements their existing ecosystem of Zebra scanners and printers. And our booth, Walgreens demonstrated how its assisted selling and inventory management applications run on Zebras products to boost productivity and improve the customer experience, while connecting its associates and customers nationwide. We are seeing a trend at Walgreens and many other retailers to equip all of their associates with mobile tools that empower collaboration and with co-workers and customers. In summary, we are helping enterprise customers to successfully address their increasingly complex business challenges. Now, Ill hand the call back over to Mike.
Mike Steele: Thanks Anders. Well now open the call to Q&A. We ask that you limit yourself to one question and one follow-up so that we can get to as many of you as possible.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Jason Rodgers of Great Lakes Review. Please go ahead.
Jason Rodgers: Good morning. Wanted to ask a question about the EBITDA margin guidance, you beat last year's guidance by over a point and your initial guidance for this year is actually targeting less margin improvement then you're forecasting a year earlier. So, wonder if you could discuss why that is and factors that could lead to similar outperformance in the margin for 2019?
Olivier Leonetti: So, good morning, Jason. So, we are planning indeed to have for the full-year a higher EBITDA margin, slightly higher EBITDA margin, and were guiding Q1 at about 21%, you have some mix elements, which could impact one performance in a particular quarter, but as we have demonstrated over now, a number of quarters, we believe we have the ability in the year to leverage OpEx, but also to leverage a gross margin, but you could have an anomaly in one quarter and another. So, nothing specific in terms of trend Jason.
Jason Rodgers: And then just looking at the top line. As far as your guidance, you have the first quarter there, but you will be facing increasingly difficult comps as the year progresses. Do you think you can continue at that mid-to-high single-digit organic growth rate as you look past the first quarter?
Anders Gustafsson: We feel good about the business. We have been driving profitable growth for a long time now and our solutions have moved from being more viewed as tactical productivity tools by our customers to more enablers of our customer strategies. So, I think were moving up in the kind of hierarchy of importance for our customers. We have a strong track record of execution and I think the output outlook is prudent. So, we feel that we are well-positioned for 2019. We entered a year with good momentum. A solid portfolio of products and solutions its the most competitive portfolio I think weve ever had and we continue to gain share in the markets. So, we feel pretty good about where we are.
Olivier Leonetti: And let me give you a bit of additional colors on the year. So, we have obviously a strong Q1 guide. We have more visibility for Q1. We are well within the quarter. We entered the quarter with a solid backlog. And regarding the full-year, we would consider this guide as actually being prudent based upon the visibility we have regarding our business. And an important point Jason, this is not different than another year. And we feel confident about our end markets and our ability to compete.
Jason Rodgers: And if I could just squeeze one more in. Just the outlook for the large deals on a mobile computing side and your latest estimate for how many devices are still left in the field that need to convert?
Anders Gustafsson: Yes, we still see approximately 10 million legacy android devices to be in the field today waiting to be refreshed and upgraded to android. In the last several years, we have had a strong performance of our larger deals, but if you look at 2018, Id say we had a balanced portfolio there. We saw good growth from our larger deals, but we also saw good growth from our channel. We saw also good growth from our small and medium businesses now. So, we certainly have many different avenues to pursue in order to drive that growth. Joe any assumptions?
Joe Heel: Yes. I would add. Especially in the visibility towards large deals, you are right. We had a substantial number of large deals in particular in the retail space in 2018, but we do in those 10 million legacy devices that are still out there, we see opportunity for continuing momentum in areas such as logistics and warehouse coming up in the next months and year, as well as new used cases that our customers are beginning to realize can be deployed on our devices such as; consolidating multiple technologies they have today onto our device or expanding used cases from the handheld form factor to other form factors like tablets and larger screen. So, we see continued opportunity for large deals Jason.
Jason Rodgers: Very good. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jim Ricchiuti of Needham & Company. Please go ahead.
Jim Ricchiuti: Hi, good morning. Thank you. Looking at your R&D spend, the last couple of quarters, and were seeing a little bit of a bump up in that area, and I wonder if you could comment on that as it relates to new product development if we're going to be seeing a faster pace in terms of product introductions? Thank you.
Olivier Leonetti: Let me take the first part and then Andres and Joe would take the other one. So indeed, we have increased the level of spending in R&D and the composition of the R&D spend is  has changed some. We are investing more if you were to look into the details into also future capabilities. And we believe that this investment has paid off for the company and part of the gaining shares top line performance is a result of this investment.
Joe Heel: Yes. I think that we certainly feel that we have made a very productive investments in R&D. Our products portfolio or solution portfolios are the most competitive that have ever been. We launched more new products in 2018 than weve done in any other year in the history of the company. So, I think we feel very confident that the investments we made in R&D are delivering a solid ROI. It has been supporting our growth. Its been supporting our market share gains.
Jim Ricchiuti: And my follow-up question just to relates to EMEA, it appears that youre seeing some moderation in the growth rate there, and Im wondering is that a case of just tougher comps, tougher comparisons or are you seeing any signs of slowing which some companies have alluded to?
Anders Gustafsson: So first, starting a little bit broader, we had strong broad-based strength across all our product segments, regions, vertical markets in Q4. Asia-Pac, North America and Latin America were each double digits in Q4, but all regions, including Europe was up double digits for the full-year. We saw  all major product categories were up. Healthcare, retail, manufacturing, they were all up double digits, and all four vertical markets were up double digits for 2018. So, I think it's very broad-based performance there. In Q4, we continued to execute very well and weve  from everything weve seen, we believe we continue to extend the lead in the market that we have, and our competitive position is strong and getting, I would say, stronger based on the strength of our portfolio. And end markets were strong, you know, both channel and direct for  on the back of our valuable proposition, which resonates with our customers. Specifically, to Europe, I think we would consider it to be a solid growth. It had moderated a little bit from earlier part of 2018, but it was still good growth, and we see that momentum carrying on into 2019. We saw particular strength in Europe on our scanning portfolio and mobile computing, as well as supplies. And retail continues to be the strongest vertical for us in Europe, and our personal shopping solutions are a big driver for that.
Jim Ricchiuti: Thank you. Congratulations on the year.
Anders Gustafsson: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Drab of William Blair. Please go ahead.
Brian Drab: Hi, good morning. Maybe this will be a waste a question, but Im just thinking about the 10 million figure, and you know, the last three quarters, youve said it's been about 10 million, but I was wondering if you could just give us some insight or maybe a more specific estimate there? How many devices are selling annually in the marketplace, you know, across the industry? And how, you know, what percentage of those roughly are Android? And shouldnt we be getting kind of somewhat below 10 million at this point?
Anders Gustafsson: So, I think we  few years back, we started talking about, I think about 17 million, Im going off memory now, 17 million devices, so weve always been able to convert a number of those. But the reason is not going down faster, is that  on the one hand, you know, we are shipping a lot of Android devices. You know, the vast majority of our devices are now Android, but its still a meaningful amount of Microsoft devices that we are shipping too, but our  Id say most other industry players are still predominantly shipping Microsoft devices. So, while we kind of eat into the 10 million from one end, its getting replenished on the other end from other players. So, its not going down as fast as you might perceive, it should do based on the volume of devices we ship, but, you know, its  theres still a good amount of devices to go after here, and we expect that by  you know, the vast majority of these devices will be upgraded to Android by 2020 or late 2020.
Brian Drab: Okay, alright. Ill follow-up more later on that one. And then for my second question, you know, maybe Ill make it a two-part question, if I could? So, with respect to your guidance, could you possibly rank order how youre thinking about end markets in terms of contribution to the growth rate in 2019, you know, retail, manufacturing, healthcare, transport? And then, maybe the second part of the question, could you do the same, take a stab at rank ordering where you're expecting the most growth out of the product lines in terms of data capture and mobile computing printers? Thank you.
Anders Gustafsson: Its still hard to rank order each of these, but I can give you some indications or where we see particular strength or if there's anyone we feel would be  maybe lagging here. So, on the vertical markets, which was I think your first question, you know, healthcare grew the fastest for us in Q4. I would expect healthcare to be over to  not just 2019, but over the next several years, the fastest growing vertical market. But we do see a fairly similar growth rates across the  you know, our four verticals. If you look in 2018, we had double-digit growth in all four of our verticals. So, we dont expect that any one of them will kind of standout and carry the load for the company. You know, a few years back, retail was maybe more pronounced as the driver, but now we see it more balanced. You know, manufacturing was a little weaker earlier, but we see the Android adoption to kind of pickup in manufacturing this coming year, particularly around the warehouse. And from a regions perspective, again, we had, you know, double-digit growth in all four regions this past year. So, we see them all performing well. Asia-Pacific will be the one we would expect to grow the fastest over the kind of the foreseeable future, not just the next quarter or a couple of quarters, but over longer-term. It can be a bit variability within quarters, but you know, North America has performed very well too. Europe was a little weaker than the average in Q4, but we still see good growth for Europe as we go into 2019. I hope that helps.
Brian Drab: Okay. Yes, thanks. And Ill follow-up more later, but congratulations on a great 2018.
Olivier Leonetti: Thank you, Brian.
Operator: Our next question comes from Richard Eastman of Robert W. Baird. Please go ahead.
Richard Eastman: Yes, good morning Anders.
Anders Gustafsson: Good morning.
Richard Eastman: And Mike. Just  and Joe. Just a quick question, first question, it was around gross margins. I mean again, if you look certainly in the quarter and for the full-year, both the AIT and EVM segments saw 100 plus basis point of gross margin improvement for the year, and I'm curious how you view that? You know, how structural is that that the gross margins here in both segments is it, you know, are you thinking that as somewhat of a baseline here moving forward? And maybe you could just give a little bit of color around both pieces as to how and  you know, you deliver that gross margin from is quite impressive.
Olivier Leonetti: So, we have been increasing gross margin significantly, as you said, year-on-year by about a point. We have been highly focused as a team on gross margin. Every element of the value chain add a role, manufacturing, procurement, product design, go-to-market, and we believe that that would keep being the case going forward. We believe we have the ability to increase gross margin as a business, and we actually don't think we play  were playing our best game today. And we think that the two main segments should follow directionally the same pattern and have the ability to expand gross margin rate.
Anders Gustafsson: As Olivier said, you know, this is a company-wide activity. I think if there's one number or ratio that is deeply ingrained in our culture, its  [or two, growth and gross margins], so its something that the entire company is paying attention to and working on.
Richard Eastman: Did price play a significant factor in either of the two segments?
Anders Gustafsson: Yes, I would say, our commercial discipline has improved. We are paying more attention to what appropriate commercial terms would be. So, I think were a little bit more scientific in how we go about doing that.
Olivier Leonetti: Mix is a play  mix, sorry to interrupt Richard, mix would be a play and also us being able to add solutions to our offering is also a driver of enhanced gross margin performance.
Richard Eastman: Awesome. I mean, just a quick question as a follow-up, my follow-up is just as it relates to the EBITDA improvement that you're kind of forecasting for 2019, I think in difference to the first question, again, it appears as though maybe you're looking for, you know, 50 basis points of adjusted EBITDA improvement. So, you know, putting that together in the same equation with the gross margin maybe plus 100 bps, is the thought here that, you know, we drive gross margin up and redeploy into, you know, R&D and maybe feed on the street or the channel? And are we kind of settling into, you know, the  Zebras business model maybe being a 50 basis point a year type of target for EBITDA margin improvement?
Olivier Leonetti: No, no, indeed. So again, Richard, our ability to improve both gross margin rate and OpEx, including  by the way as we invest dollar in R&D, we believe we are good to be able to scale R&D dollars as a proportion of revenue dollars. We are prudent as a company, and the improvement we have in term of EBITDA rate in the year we believe is in the category of being balanced and prudent. Im not too sure I would necessarily agree with the flaws and so on youre mentioning.
Anders Gustafsson: As Olivier mentioned earlier, having leverage across the P&L is a key part of our philosophy and how we manage it. So, we want to drive improvements in gross profit, we want to see leverage in the OpEx side and certainly we want to see that translate into higher EBITDA margins.
Richard Eastman: Alright, great, well thank you and tremendous year.
Anders Gustafsson: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Coster of JP Morgan. Please go ahead.
Paul Coster: Yes, thanks for taking my questions. So, backlogs, our pipeline is up as well, can you give us some sense of how much visibility the backlog gives you either in sense of the quarter or even the year, and as for the overall backlog plus pipeline, whats in the mix that points to trends in your business? Thank you.
Anders Gustafsson: Yes. The pipeline that we have as we enter a quarter gives us obviously much better visibility into the quarter. It doesnt necessarily tell us much about the second half of the year. But having a bigger backlog as we go into quarter gives us a lot more confidence obviously about the outlook. The pipeline is more what drives the longer-term outlook and we have a very diligent and disciplined process to work with our sales teams and our direct customers, our channel partners to develop pipelines for all the direct customers, but also for different segments and doing bottom up and top down and triangulate in a variety of ways. So, thats what gives us more of the visibility for the second half or the out quarters and maybe Joe Heel want to add something.
Joe Heel: Yes. Both our backlogs, which we have continuously building and have contributed significantly to the success we had in 2018, as well as the pipelines have geared towards the visibility of about two quarters at a very granular level. To give us visibility beyond that, we have expanded for our largest customers and for large deals in particular visibility to three years, where we look at how we expect our business with individual customers to evolve over a three-year time period. So, that gives us a longer-term although its more of a qualitative view of where things are evolving. If you look at trends that we can see in that, one of the trends that we already talked about earlier is the fact that those remaining 10 million devices that we see out there, a significant portion of them are in the logistics warehouse and manufacturing space. We also see in terms of trend, the opportunities in areas that we call adjacencies in the earlier comments, things like tablets and RFID are showing up quite prominently in that visibility were getting from that pipeline discipline.
Paul Coster: Excellent. The other question I have is, it sounds like the small-to-medium size customers are even stronger in North America than the enterprise customers, can you comment on that why that might be?
Joel Heel: A similar trend that we just talked about in terms of manufacturing and T&L, theres a correlation between these is that the first adopters of the Android solutions that we put out were large customers, and now medium size and smaller customers are adopting those solutions as well. Now, Android is only one example in the area where this takes place, this is also true for some of the other innovations that weve brought to market, some of the solutions weve brought to market. And I think were seeing now that some of these solutions are well established in the market that are SMB customers supported by our channel partners and our channel ecosystem are now gaining the confidence to also adopt those solutions, which is giving us a second wave of growth for many of those.
Anders Gustafsson: I would just emphasize that the strength in the SMB market didnt just happen to us. No, thats a consorted effort. We have developed a number of initiatives to help boost our business at the lower end of our market to help penetrate that more deeply, because that was an area that we felt we were not as well penetrated as we were in some of the higher-end markets.
Paul Coster: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Keith Housum of Northcoast Research. Please go ahead.
Keith Housum: Good morning, guys. I appreciate the opportunity and congratulations on the call, on the quarter and the year. Can you guys  is it possible to prioritize, I guess, some of the growth drivers are for, you know, not necessarily the mobile computer business, but they did a capture in the printing business? I think you guys covered a lot of the growth drivers in the mobile computers, but I want to understand how the other two segments are still growing very strong as well?
Anders Gustafsson: Yes, there is a number of, you know, Ill start by just some strong secular growth trends that are driving growth across all our product lines. You know, the e-commerce is one, you know, the omni-channel piece, the on-demand economy, those are all broader secular trends that are requiring more track and trace type technologies, so it helps us under the mobile computing side, but it also helps us on printing, on scanning, you know, supplies, so all of those areas. Then we see when we get into these, say, newer areas that once we deploy our first roll-out, the customers sees the flexibility of many of our new products by being so much more connected. So, if thats a mobile computer or a printer, you know, they can do a lot more with it. So, they see more and more new used cases that they can apply. You know, if I go back again to the old Microsoft days, you know, I think that an average mobile computer will probably run a couple two, three applications. You know, today, we routinely see customers running 30 applications on one of our devices. So, those are great drivers for it, and I will say the competitiveness of our portfolio is very strong today. You know, we launched more new products in 2018 than weve done in the history of the company, and theyre all ramping up nicely, and helping us to extend our lead into markets and driving growth.
Keith Housum: Great, thanks. In my follow-up, you know, Olivier can you just kind of share us some of your logic in terms of expanding the range for your leverage target from 2 to 2.5 down to 1.5 to 2.5?
Olivier Leonetti: We want to have flexibility to manage our cash. We want to invest in priority in the business either organically, we mentioned R&D, go-to-market would be another one, or through M&A, and we are in the process of finalizing a new acquisition with Temptime after Xplore. Another one we discussed, Keith, in prior calls, once we reach the bottom of our range, we believe that share buyback would become a consideration. So, that's a bit of a rationale for the range as it is set up now.
Keith Housum: Great, thank you.
Anders Gustafsson: Thank you, Keith.
Operator: Our next question comes from James Faucette of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
James Faucette: Great. Thank you very much for the frank conversations this morning. I wanted to dig in really quickly a little more on pipeline and invisibility. How would you compare the visibility in pipeline that you have today versus, say, a year ago, both in terms of [REIT], but also in terms of make up? It seems like theres been a lot of conversation about more small and medium-sized businesses. Are they also making up a greater proportion of your pipeline and visibility? And Im just trying to get a little bit color on how it may vary today versus a year ago?
Anders Gustafsson: So, Ill start, and then Ill have Joe provide some more detail. But Id say, the overall visibility from our pipeline is probably similar to what it was a year ago, may be a little better, but it's more balanced and will probably be the biggest change. We were going into 2018, Id say, our mobile computing and retail segments were  we were more dependent on those pipelines to support kind of the growth. Today, the  its much more balanced. You know, we expect our scanning portfolio to have a very good year, you know, printing to a very good year as well, not that they didnt have it last year, but we have a stronger pipeline for those areas. So, similarly across the vertical markets, we ended up with a very balanced growth in 2018, and we see healthcare, T&L, manufacturing driving more growth this year and equally on the geographic side, were very diversified and we have a good pipeline for each of our geographies that supports the outlook. Maybe Joe?
Joe Heel: Yes, I would say, from a sales perspective, increasing pipeline visibility is an ongoing quest, and one that we've invested in quite significantly in the last year to improve our capabilities on a number of dimensions. One dimension is to improve visibility, in particular, in the printing and scanning areas where the deals are smaller, to get that visibility sooner and at a more granular level. And second would be to get more visibility out to longer term, right. With the growing importance of large deals in our business mix, having visibility to those is extremely important for both our planning purposes internal, as well as guidance we give and other things like that. So, we have invested in both of those and it is helping us.
Olivier Leonetti: I mean, James, an additional color yet if I may, we have been very intentional over the last more than two years to really diversify the business, and you see this diversification being reflected in the financial performance of the company, and in the guide as well.
James Faucette: Great, I appreciate that Olivier. And then, just a follow-up question for you Olivier. And when you look at  I appreciated, and I think we all appreciate the clarity as to the type of headwind you're expecting from FX. But can you give us a little bit of insight into how you formulate that, kind of what the exposures are, and then, what you're using as reference points to come up with your expected headwind for this year?
Olivier Leonetti: So, FX in the second half of 2018 started to be neutral to the financial performance of the company. It would be a slight headwind in 2019. The reason for this is that were edging against the euro, which is the only currency really against which we have some exposure. But we have many levers to manage our P&L. FX is one of them, and we believe that we have enough levers to be able to adjust to different effects and still deliver a good financial performance.
James Faucette: Thats great. Thank you so much.
Operator: And our last question will come from Saliq Khan of Imperial Capital. Please go ahead.
Saliq Khan: Great, thank you. Hi Anders, Olivier. Guys, two quick questions on our end. First one being is, what did you hear at the NRF conference that gives you a bit more confidence that many of these retailers are willing to open up their wallets, invest in new retail technologies? Are you seeing improved purchasing decisions on their part as well?
Anders Gustafsson: You know, I think we saw  first, maybe I think NRF was a great show for us this year. We had a very exciting booth and we had record traffic through the booth; we had record number of meetings with customers; and the feedback we got was very, very good. So, we certainly felt that was a great show and it helped to give us some confidence for the year. Id say, the larger retailers, particularly say in the US, have largely been committed to an omni-channels e-commerce type strategy for the last couple of years, and we've seen quite a few orders from that. But what we are seeing is the  that trend is moving kind of further down into tier 2, tier 3 retailers, so we see more customers, more retailers wanting to make this  a kind of similar type of investments in new solutions to enable them to execute on their omni-channel strategy and compete against e-tailors. So  and the  I think our types of technologies are, you know, essential to their thinking. You know, they see us as a partner who can help enable them to pursue those strategies and help them realize those strategies. So, it was a great show from all aspects for to us and Joe.
Joe Heel: Yes, I might add, you know, some of the things we mentioned earlier were very prominent at NRF, and did give us a lot of confidence. For example, what we talked about already with the new used cases that were seeing, retailers are embracing those. For example, the voice collaboration between their associates since one of those giving a device to everyone of their workers, not just a few selected that are involved in inventory management. Those types of trends give us confidence. And another important trend that we see support for is that the first wave of adopters who went into deploying mobile computing solutions on an android operating system are early on, for example with our MC40 device are thinking of refreshing those at this point. So that means there is longevity and continued opportunity in the retail space.
Saliq Khan: Got it guys and thank you, and this was my follow-up to that. What did you change over the past year within your either sales or your channel strategy, especially in this type of growth rate, are you seeing a faster service and software versus hardware sales as well within that article?
Anders Gustafsson: Generally speaking, we saw faster service and software revenue growth in Q4 than weve done before. There was a very  were very pleased with the performance we saw there. Generally, the software content in our solution is going up and up and up. If you think of the history of the company, we started off with say relatively dump devices that could read a barcode and transfer that information to another system that would do something with it to our android devices where you read it. You can manipulate the data, you can gain actions from it. You can do a lot with that. Next step now is to have much more smart infrastructure. So, things that can automate the data capture that can automate the dispensing of actions too. So, software is becoming a bigger and bigger part of what we do and how we develop new solutions to that more and more value to our customers.
Joe Heel: A few additions to things weve changed and done in our sales and channel strategy over the course of the last year. One is, we have invested some of the improvements that weve had in our economics. We have reinvested those into a go-to-market resources, both internally, as well as with our channel partners. Our commitment to our channel has continued to expand and the importance of our channel program has only increased as we have expanded the benefits and membership in that program. The membership in our program is growing quite significantly over the last year. Weve also invested structurally in the organization in sales and go-to-market in a dedicated solutions group, sellers that are specialized and focused on selling the solutions that make up the core of our intelligent edge to realize or EAI strategy. So, we have a dedicated group of that now in every one of our regions. So, those are some of the highlights of changes.
Saliq Khan: Perfect. Thank you, guys.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back to Mr. Gustafsson for any closing remarks.
Anders Gustafsson: Thank you. As we wrap up, I want to thank the Zebra team and our partners for another great quarter and an exceptional 2018. Were off to a strong start to 2019 and see a solid year ahead. We look forward to welcoming the Temptime team once we close the transaction. Have a great day, everyone.
Operator: The conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending todays presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-11-06 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Michael A. Steele - Zebra Technologies Corp. Anders Gustafsson - Zebra Technologies Corp. Olivier Leonetti - Zebra Technologies Corp. Joachim Heel - Zebra Technologies Corp.
Analysts: James Ricchiuti - Needham & Co. LLC Jason A. Rodgers - Great Lakes Review Brian P. Drab - William Blair & Co. LLC Jeffrey Ted Kessler - Imperial Capital LLC Keith Housum - Northcoast Research Partners LLC Paul J. Chung - JPMorgan Securities LLC
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Third Quarter 2018 Zebra Technologies Earnings Release Conference Call. Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mike Steele, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Michael A. Steele - Zebra Technologies Corp.: Good morning, and thank you for joining us today. Before we begin, I need to inform you that certain statements made on this call are forward-looking and are subject to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based on current expectations and assumptions and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially due to factors discussed in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. During this call, we will make reference to non-GAAP financial measures as we describe business performance. You can find reconciliations of our GAAP to non-GAAP results in today's earnings press release and at the end of this slide presentation. This presentation will include prepared remarks from Anders Gustafsson, our Chief Executive Officer; and Olivier Leonetti, our Chief Financial Officer. Anders will begin by discussing our third quarter highlights. Olivier will then provide more detail on the financials and discuss our fourth quarter outlook. Anders will conclude with progress made on Zebra's strategic priorities. Following the prepared remarks, Joe Heel, our Senior Vice President of Global Sales, will join us as we take your questions. Also, throughout this presentation, unless otherwise indicated, our references to sales growth are year-over-year on a constant currency basis and exclude results from the recently acquired Xplore Technologies business. This presentation is being simulcast on our website at investors.zebra.com and will be archived there for at least one year. Now, I'll turn the call over to Anders.
Anders Gustafsson - Zebra Technologies Corp.: Thank you, Mike. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Our team delivered exceptional third quarter results with strong performance across the business, resulting in record sales and profits. Sales, EBITDA margin and earnings per share all exceeded our outlook. As you can see on slide 4, we reported net sales growth of nearly 17% or 15% on an organic basis; an adjusted EBITDA margin of 21.1%, a 190 basis point year-over-year improvement; non-GAAP diluted EPS of $2.88, a 54% increase from the prior year; and $194 million of cash flow from operations. We achieved strong, broad-based growth across the business, including double-digit sales growth in North America, EMEA, Asia-Pacific as well as all of our key vertical markets. We grew each of our major product and services categories including mobile computing, data capture, our specialty printing portfolio, supplies and support services. Demand continues to be strong from our direct customer relationships and through the channel. Additionally, in the third quarter, we closed on the acquisition of Xplore Technologies, a leading enterprise-grade tablet manufacturer. This acquisition positions us as the leading provider of enterprise tablet solutions, an underpenetrated and relatively fast-growing category for Zebra. We have been significantly expanding profit margins while at the same time investing in our employees and initiatives to drive sustainable growth. Our leading portfolio of solutions, strong order backlog and pipeline of opportunities support a strong finish to the year and provide solid momentum into 2019. With that, I will now turn the call over to Olivier to review our financial results and to discuss our 2018 outlook.
Olivier Leonetti - Zebra Technologies Corp.: Thank you, Anders. Let us begin with a walk through the P&L. As you can see on slide 6, net sales grew 16.7% in the third quarter, which translated to 15.1% on an organic basis before the impacts of currencies and acquisitions. We saw solid results in each of our reporting segments across all regions and the primary vertical markets that we serve. Enterprise Visibility & Mobility segment sales increased 18.8%, led by especially strong demand in mobile computing. Asset Intelligence & Tracking segment sales increased 8.1%, driven by solid growth in printing solutions. Turning to our regions. Sales growth in North America was 18%, driven by outperformance in our mobile computing, data capture and printing categories. We saw particular strength in retail and e-commerce, as well as transportation and logistics. EMEA sales increased 10% with strength across most geographies and all major product categories. We continue to see especially strong demand in retail and e-commerce, transportation and logistics as well as healthcare. Sales in our Asia-Pacific region were up 20% with broad-based strength. Most countries grew double-digits. We saw exceptional strength in India and Australia, and our China business has recovered from weaknesses earlier this year. Latin America sales increased 6%. We saw particular strength in printing solutions. All sub-regions grew with the exception of Brazil due to election-related uncertainty. Adjusted gross profit increased $76 million or 18%. Adjusted gross margin increased 40 basis points, primarily driven by continued improvement in our go-to-market execution, favorable business mix shift in the AIT segment and favorable foreign currency exchange impacts. These factors were partially offset by a higher volume of relatively lower margin, large orders. Adjusted operating expenses increased $27 million from the prior-year period, primarily reflecting growth in the business, higher incentive compensation expense due to improved business performance and continued investment in growth and productivity initiatives. We improved adjusted operating expense leverage by 160 basis points as compared to Q3 last year. Third quarter 2018 adjusted EBITDA margin was 21.1%, a 190 basis point increase from the prior-year period. This was driven by operating expense leverage and higher gross margin. In addition to EBITDA margin expansion, a decreased tax rate and lower interest cost from our debt restructurings drove non-GAAP earnings per diluted share to $2.88, a 54% year-over-year increase. Turning now to the balance sheet and cash flow highlights on slide 7. At quarter end, we had $1.9 billion of debt on the balance sheet. In the first nine months of this year, we paid down $346 million of debt principal, supported by strong free cash flow of $412 million. The $238 million increase in free cash flow as compared to the first nine months of 2017 was primarily driven by increased operating profitability as well as less acquisition and integration costs. Slide 8 shows our path to financial deleveraging. Continued debt pay-down and strong EBITDA growth enabled us to achieve a 2.2 times net-debt-to-adjusted-EBITDA ratio as of the end of Q3, which is now well within our targeted range of between 2 times and 2.5 times. Let us turn to our outlook on slide 9. We entered the fourth quarter with a solid order backlog and strong end market demand for our leading portfolio of solutions. We expect Q4 2018 net sales growth to be between 7% and 10%, which assumes an approximately 2 percentage point positive impact from the acquisition of Xplore Technologies and a neutral impact from foreign currency translation. Fourth quarter 2018 adjusted EBITDA margin is expected to be approximately 20%, which assumes higher gross margin as compared to the prior year and slightly higher operating expense leverage. Non-GAAP diluted EPS is expected to be in the range of $2.80 to $3. Note that this Q4 outlook assumes a modest impact from tariffs that have been enacted to-date on certain products, accessories and components that we source from China. For the full year 2018, we now expect to exceed $575 million of free cash flow. This increased outlook is primarily due to higher EBITDA. You can see other updated full year 2018 modeling assumptions on slide 9. With that, I will turn the call back to Anders to discuss progress on our strategic priorities.
Anders Gustafsson - Zebra Technologies Corp.: Thank you, Olivier. We are very pleased with the progress we made in the third quarter, and we are on track for a strong finish to the year. As you see on slide 11, we remain focused on our key priorities to build upon our industry leadership and drive shareholder value. First, we continue to outpace the competition through our innovation, unmatched scale and strong relationships with customers and partners. We saw strong broad-based demand for our products and solutions. Several areas that have been driving solid growth include our family of Android mobile computers and software, mobile voice and data communications applications, tabletop printers and our RFID solutions. We have gained meaningful market share across our business this year, and we continue to invest in the core portfolio to further differentiate our offering. We had a record number of launches across our product and solutions categories in the third quarter, including the next generation of several popular Android mobile computer solutions. We continue to see robust demand from retailers, as we help them to implement their omni-channel shopping and fulfillment strategies. We have also experienced increasing demand from transportation and logistics as well as manufacturing customers, as the Android mobile computer adoption rate accelerates. Second, we are focused on driving growth in attractive markets where we can leverage our competitive advantages. We plan to scale existing categories where we are underpenetrated and operationalize entry into new markets that advance us as a solutions provider. We expect to gain traction in these markets through both organic and inorganic investments. In the third quarter, we acquired Xplore Technologies, which significantly enhances our product lineup and provides a complete enterprise tablet portfolio. Representing our first acquisition in nearly four years, Xplore's offerings serve existing vertical markets for Zebra and provide inroads into new markets, including public safety, government, utilities and oil and gas. Third, we are advancing our Enterprise Asset Intelligence vision to enable every frontline asset and worker to be visible, connected and optimally utilized. We are doing this by leveraging our deep knowledge of workflows and capitalizing on key technology megatrends, such as cloud computing, mobility and the proliferation of smart devices. Our Workforce Connect software application is one example of bringing EAI to life. I will elaborate more on this solution in a minute. Lastly, we have enhanced Zebra's financial strength and flexibility by increasing cash flow and optimizing our capital structure. As Olivier mentioned, we are well within our targeted debt leverage range, and we have increased our expectation for free cash flow to record levels. Now, turning to slide 12. Zebra provides a digital view of the entire enterprise. Our products and smart infrastructures sends information about assets, products and processes. The information including status, location and condition is then analyzed in real-time to determine the best possible operational action. The result is reduced friction in workflows, improved productivity and greater insight into business operations. Our approach focuses on actions and outcomes that can be optimized by knowing and analyzing what's happening on a real-time basis, adding a performance edge to the frontline. Savanna, our data intelligence platform, is an essential component of our overall offering. This platform powers the intelligence behind our cloud-based data-driven solutions. We are investing in our capabilities in this area and collaborating with an expanded number of partners. We are capturing increasing amounts of data at the edge of our customers' operations, and we intend to help them maximize the value of this critical information. We help businesses across many industries to digitize their operations and transform their workflows to stay relevant and compete effectively in today's marketplace. We create smart data-powered environments for our customers that reflect reality better than traditional systems of record. Slide 13 highlights the primary vertical markets that we serve; manufacturing, healthcare, transportation and logistics as well as retail and e-commerce, which all grew double-digits in Q3. Our intimate knowledge of operational workflows in each of these verticals is the key reason enterprise customers seek our help with end-to-end solutions. Across verticals, use cases are evolving to address increasing demands. In manufacturing, our customers need to know where the equipment, materials and people are in real-time across their supply chain. As a proof point, in the automotive industry, we have been implementing RFID and other locationing solutions that have streamlined plant floor workflows, reducing manual tasks and increasing productivity. In healthcare, our solutions allow care providers to monitor patient conditions while being mobile. Immediate communication among team members is vital for optimum patient care. A medical center in the New England area chose Zebra as their partner to drive their patient safety initiative. Our workflow solution enabled them to comply with regulations and reduce medication dosage scanning errors by 80%. We are also expanding use cases by driving increased clinical collaboration and optimizing workflows. Labor is the most significant operating cost in hospitals, and healthcare organizations are working with us to explore more effective ways to manage their limited resources while improving patient care. In the transportation and logistics business, we are well known for track and trace and proof-of-delivery use cases. Our offerings have been evolving to provide real-time visibility of assets at every point in the supply chain and implementing solutions that translate the real-time information into immediate actions that maximize effectiveness. Transportation and logistics providers are challenged to find enough workers to meet the increasing demands on their business. A key factor includes the $2 trillion of e-commerce business that continues to grow double-digits and drive small parcel delivery orders. We have been launching a number of innovative pilots that address this challenge through product and software solutions that optimize cargo loading and routing activities. In retail, our solutions have been historically used to enhance productivity such as inventory management. More recently, we have been driving transformative solutions to address increasingly complex challenges including omni-channel fulfillment models, sales floor effectiveness and elevating the overall in-store experience. Billions of dollars are lost due to missed execution at the point of sale due to inaccurate inventory and other related factors. Our solutions can increase real-time inventory accuracy to nearly 100%, providing meaningful sales uplift and significantly reduced shrinkage. We are particularly pleased by a recent win with a large global retailer, which fulfills their objective of consolidating their mobile business applications, voice, and various employee communications. We are providing a streamlined solution which includes rolling out our TC51 enterprise mobile computers across their store base over the next several months. Our mobile computers are replacing consumer-grade phones and devices, an encouraging trend that we have seen over the past few years. This solution also includes our Workforce Connect software application to enable this retailer to marry all of their voice and data communications onto one device. Store associates will now be empowered to perform multiple tasks seamlessly. In summary, we are helping enterprise customers to solve their increasingly complex business workflow challenges. We partner with our customers to enable their strategy, utilizing the most effective solutions with the highest ROI. With that, I'll hand the call back to Mike.
Michael A. Steele - Zebra Technologies Corp.: Thank you, Anders. We'll now open the call to Q&A. We ask that you limit yourself to one question and one follow-up so that we can get to as many of you as possible.
Operator: Our first question comes from Jim Ricchiuti with Needham & Company. Please go ahead.
James Ricchiuti - Needham & Co. LLC: Thank you. Good morning. Two questions. One, a little bit more long term in nature, we're seeing increasingly articles about cashier-less stores, increased automation in retail as well as logistics. And I'm just wondering if you could talk about the conversations you might be having with some of your retailers and potentially logistics customers as you think about some of the newer products and when we might see more meaningful contributions from these and how they tie into their plans?
Anders Gustafsson - Zebra Technologies Corp.: Yeah. First, when people hear automation, the  their minds tend to go to kind of robotics. But when we think about automation, we kind of define it as intelligent automation and that's automation that automates the data capture, the analysis of the data, the decision or action part of it. So, it's a little bit more broader, more intelligent focus on it. So, for us, it's a kind of continuum of making the workers more productive, but moving all the way up to using robots or smart infrastructures to deliver kind of those insights or execute on those. But intelligent automation for us is a big net opportunity. It is a natural extension of our EAI strategy, and we have  it leverages the same critical capabilities as EAI, and we see a good number of opportunities in each of the, kind of, the segments; of sense, analyze, act, the different stages there. But we help our customers solve business problems, and we do that with making humans more productive, using robots or having smart infrastructures that can automate different tasks for them. So, it's a continuum for us. And you look at some of our newer solutions like SmartLens. It is a smart infrastructure, we call it, right. Or I'll start with historically how retailers have taken inventory and execute on that workflow. They started out going out just manually count what's on the shelves, then they used mobile computers with reading barcodes and adding up the items, kind of automatically but manually then telling somebody else to go and replenish it. Then, with RFID, you can do it somewhat more automated. But with SmartLens, you can now totally automate that workflow and in real-time know at all times what merchandise you have on the shelves. And when it reaches a certain threshold, you automatically generate  the system automatically generates a purchase order or a work order to replenish that on the shelf, and that can be done by a human or by a robot. So, this is very much an automated activity, and that can also be a part of a frictionless checkout store. I don't think there's one technology that can solve all those use cases. Cameras can do a lot of things, but cameras aren't going to be the best way of telling what  a pair of jeans from another pair of jeans, different sizes and so forth. So, we see that we have a lot of different type of solutions to help to drive that automation. And net-net, we see it as a big opportunity for Zebra and it's kind of the sweet spot for EAI, and we are quite excited about what we do there.
James Ricchiuti - Needham & Co. LLC: And is this an opportunity that you see really beginning to contribute incremental revenues either late fiscal  late 2019 or is it something looking out to calendar 2020?
Anders Gustafsson - Zebra Technologies Corp.: So, we are getting some revenue from this today but it's off a smaller base, so good growth but off a smaller base. So, we expect that to continue to grow nicely. I'm not going to try to predict kind of when the knee in the curve will occur. But we do see that as something that will contribute more and more to our growth as we go along.
James Ricchiuti - Needham & Co. LLC: Thanks very much.
Operator: And our next question comes from Jason Rodgers with Great Lakes Review. Please go ahead.
Jason A. Rodgers - Great Lakes Review: Yes. Obviously, some very strong growth, especially in the EVM segment. Wondering if you could talk about the impact of large mobile computing. Are you expecting those to play out in the fourth quarter and going into next year?
Anders Gustafsson - Zebra Technologies Corp.: Yeah. We had  across all our product segments, we have very broad-based strength across products, across regions, across our vertical markets. And so, we're clearly very pleased with the performance we had in Q3. Mobile computing was particularly strong this quarter. And I think we're also executing well across the entire value chain, which is driving both the revenue growth as well as some of the margin expansions that we're seeing. So, specifically for mobile computing, there was  had an exceptional quarter quite frankly, I think, in mobile computing, double-digit growth in all regions, strong performance in both the channel and in our direct sales activities. We're seeing some new trends now that  and our Android devices are not just having new deployments, but we're starting to replace some of our original first implementations of Android devices back in 2014. We're also seeing a trend that many of our customers are starting to consolidate a number of applications and devices onto our mobile computers. So, you can take  in retail, somebody would have a mobile computer that would have a, say, Wi-Fi cordless phone and other devices like that, and they are trying to put most of those onto one single device to get less weight on the person, but also give greater (00:27:14) effectiveness and efficiencies. So, there's a lot of new good ways of  that we see driving growth for us here. I think the depth and breadth of our portfolio is a definite competitive advantage for us, and we have invested materially and also innovating on top of the device. So, Mobility DNA is a big differentiator. It's a lot of tools and utilities that makes it easier to deploy and manage devices. OVS gives unprecedented visibility and manageability of the devices also. And then, lastly, LifeGuard, our cybersecurity service that  where we can patch devices through the life of the device. But clearly, the Android transition is the key for our mobile computing growth here. We have well over 50% market share for Android, and we are approaching 50% for our overall mobile computing business, too. But we see continued strong potential for growth in our Android business. There are still about 10 million legacy Windows devices in the market that are waiting to be upgraded. We are starting to see good traction beyond retail, transportation, logistics, manufacturing are accelerating. Healthcare is doing a lot of Android devices also. Another benefit with Android is that the lifecycle is somewhat shorter than the old Windows devices. There's more innovation going on in and around Android that offers new value for customers that they see sufficiently  see as sufficiently valuable for them to kind of look at refreshing and upgrading their devices. And if you look out a little bit further, in 2021, North America will turn down the 3G service. So, if there's any field mobility applications leveraging 3G, they will have to upgrade at that point to 4G or 5G as it might be (00:29:14) so  but overall, we see a lot of reasons to be excited about the Android business.
Jason A. Rodgers - Great Lakes Review: Thank you for the detail there. And just as a follow-up, looking at the long-term sales growth targets that you laid out, would you expect to achieve those next year despite the difficult comps you'll have in EVM?
Anders Gustafsson - Zebra Technologies Corp.: So, we are always challenging ourselves to maximize our profitable growth. We've been making a lot of investments  organic investments in driving profitable growth for  not just for 2018, but for 2019 and beyond. We won't be providing any outlook for 2019 today. But we have a strong conviction in our growth opportunities and that's not changing. We feel we have a very strong competitive position, a very diversified business and we have many levers to pull in order to drive growth including EI and automation that we talked about earlier.
Jason A. Rodgers - Great Lakes Review: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Brian Drab with William Blair. Please go ahead.
Brian P. Drab - William Blair & Co. LLC: Hi. Good morning. Congrats on the great results. Just following on that Android question, did  I'm not sure (00:30:34) answer if you mentioned where you think you are in terms of  talk about the 15 million devices and maybe there are about 10 million left in a recent comment you made. Where  can you quantify where we are in that transition from Windows to Android?
Anders Gustafsson - Zebra Technologies Corp.: Yeah. I'll start, and I'll let Joe comment on it here also. We  I think when we first started talking about this, we mentioned we estimated there was about 15 million Windows devices in the market. I think earlier I said we estimated to be about 10 million left today to be upgraded. And as we upgrade old Windows devices, there are still new Windows devices being deployed. So, the pool of legacy Windows devices is still pretty substantial. So, we believe we still have a lot of runway to pursue. And also, some of that I think as I talked about of somewhat shorter lifecycle and a consolidation of new applications onto the devices are driving new use cases for Android.
Joachim Heel - Zebra Technologies Corp.: Yeah. This is Joe Heel. I might add that we're thinking about the Android transition now as multiple waves where we are in the retail which was clearly the leading edge of the adoption is most of the large retailers have now adopted Android. But we're seeing T&L and manufacturing warehousing spaces in particular just ramping up, which also coincides with some of the product launches that we are putting into the market. The second thing is that the adoption in T&L and manufacturing will likely have a longer tail than we're seeing in retail, as there are bigger transitions that need to occur in order for those verticals to adopt. For example, applications that need to be rewritten. And then, third, what's adding I think to our excitement is that we are seeing refreshes already of the original retail adoption. So, if you overlay all of those three adoption curves, you can  you'll get a more differentiated picture of where we are and in particular of the potential still ahead.
Brian P. Drab - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay. Thanks. That's really helpful. And then, second question, just on tariffs, can you just go through where your manufacturing base is, Jabil (00:33:13) and otherwise and how  what percentage of the incoming components that are made in China actually fall on a list on one of these tariff lists? And maybe just give us a little more granularity about why you're not seeing that much impact from tariffs.
Anders Gustafsson - Zebra Technologies Corp.: Yeah. The tariff situation is clearly very dynamic and fluid situation today. Zebra like  like many other companies, we import a substantial number of products from China. But only a fraction of our products are impacted today. So, that limits it to certain data capture products and some other accessories. So, for 2018, the impact is quite modest. For January 1 of next year, when the tariffs go up to 25% on some parts, we have a taskforce or working group that is cross-functional working group within Zebra that's working with a lot of our supply chain partners to basically assess all possible actions that we can take to mitigate the impact of tariffs. So, that would include things like changing supply chains to outside of China, setting them up somewhere outside of China, bringing in new sources of supply, changing product specs to be able to avoid certain things. Also, we're considering doing some price adjustments to mitigate some of that impact. Some of those actions will be immediate or have immediate benefit and some of them will take a little bit longer like moving a supply chain so  but we feel we're all over this and have a good plan for how to attack it.
Brian P. Drab - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: And our next question comes from Jeff Kessler with Imperial Capital. Please go ahead.
Jeffrey Ted Kessler - Imperial Capital LLC: Thank you. I know you're not going to go into 2019 numbers. But what I'm interested in is, with the momentum that you have right now in certain  not just in certain product categories, but in certain verticals that have come to the floor in the last couple of quarters, I'm wondering what you see for 2019 as perhaps, number one, the driving horizontal markets that you'll be  that you see and the driving vertical markets that you see that might be a little bit different than in 2018?
Anders Gustafsson - Zebra Technologies Corp.: Jeff, what will be different in 2019 versus 2018?
Jeffrey Ted Kessler - Imperial Capital LLC: Yes. Both in terms of vertical markets but also in terms of some of the horizontal capabilities that you have out there, too.
Anders Gustafsson - Zebra Technologies Corp.: Yeah. So, starting on the horizontals, thinking of that more as the product side, we obviously now have Xplore Technologies as part of our lineup. I think that's a great addition to our portfolio. It fills out the, say, more limited tablet portfolio we had before and it opens up new opportunities and new verticals that we didn't really serve very well before, like government and public safety, oil and gas and so forth. Generally, we have a very strong portfolio across our main product categories. So, we feel that our portfolio is probably as strong as it has been for a long time, and we continue to release a lot of new products. So, we feel we have a good position from that. And our, say, EAI type new solutions, our new intelligent edge solutions are also starting to ramp and we are bringing more of those to market. So, from a horizontal perspective, I think we're well-placed. There's always more things we could have. But I think this gives us a good toolbox to go out and talk to our customers about the ways we can help them improve their businesses. From a vertical perspective, I think the  maybe there's a change from 2018 to 2019. It will be how we see manufacturing maybe particularly stepping up and becoming a faster growing vertical. The last couple of quarters manufacturing has been growing faster than it had for the prior  in the prior year or so. It's the  it had been a laggard in the Android transition, but it's one of the larger opportunities for converting old Windows devices now to Android. We have launched several new products that are particularly aimed at manufacturing like some of our new tabletop printers and they've been very well received. So, manufacturing is doing very well. T&L, I think, will continue to perform the way it has over the last couple of years. It's a very large industry, and some of the leading players have adopted Android already. But we see others coming onboard in 2019 to roll out Android, and we see expansion from our traditional handheld devices to more wearables. Printing is also accelerating growth there, and we have a lot of our new intelligent edge type solutions in T&L. So, it positions us nicely as a thought leader to be going there and to help in some of those other newer automated workflows. And maybe, last, I talked about healthcare which I expect to be the fastest growing vertical for us over the longer term. The  it's still a relatively underpenetrated vertical for us. Technology has not been as well adopted, generally speaking. But it is a very attractive market for us. The electronic health records is the catalyst for this. But mobility and connectivity are becoming more bigger catalysts for investing in technology there. Our value proposition across all our verticals is  tends to focus on driving efficiencies. But in healthcare, the  our ability to help improve the quality of care is a big deal for us. And from a geographic perspective, healthcare started off very much in the U.S. But we see  we're seeing it grow in other parts of the world, UK, China, Australia, Middle East and so forth. And we've also invested in a number of purpose-built devices for healthcare like our TC51 for healthcare. We have a DS8100 healthcare scanner. We have printers for healthcare. So, we have a strong portfolio there also.
Jeffrey Ted Kessler - Imperial Capital LLC: Okay. Thank you. My second question is a little more subtle but it's how  essentially, it's focused on how you bring in more product in a vertical market from your lead product. I'm assuming that, in different vertical markets, you have a lead product that has gotten you in there. Which vertical markets have benefited the most from the fact that you have either a 4G opportunity for them or you have an Android opportunity for them or you have for that matter a  just something that cuts down on inventory mismanagement that brings in much more business from the rest of the vertical?
Anders Gustafsson - Zebra Technologies Corp.: Yeah. We put a lot of emphasis around the better together story after we combined with the Enterprise business. So, how can we make sure that our printers, mobile computers and scanners kind of work better together? We're not trying to make them work worse with anybody else's, but we want them to work better with our solutions. And we've worked also very hard with our resellers to make sure that they focus on selling the full portfolio. And the resellers that do that, they are growing substantially faster than resellers that are focusing more on a single type of product. So, I'll let Joe fill in maybe a little bit more on specific examples within the verticals. But this is an area that we put a lot of emphasis around to figure out how do we maximize this.
Jeffrey Ted Kessler - Imperial Capital LLC: That would be great.
Joachim Heel - Zebra Technologies Corp.: Yeah. Let me give you some other  from the beginning, after we completed the acquisition of the Enterprise Solutions business, cross-selling has been a big focus for us, right? So, when you talk about a lead product, it sometimes differed. In some cases, it may have been a mobile computer that we were strong in and we brought in printing. And in some cases, it was printing. But let me give you some more specific examples. Healthcare is a very good one. Anders mentioned it already. Our strongest position in healthcare originally was in the printing space, right? We had printers in particular for wristbands and we've really leveraged that substantially into mobile computing. As electronic medical records emerged, we went to those same hospitals and we showed them how they could then use that information that was on the wristband, but also combine with other use cases in order to improve the productivity and deliver better patient care. Another one that's very current, Anders alluded to it earlier, is we have in many retailers positioned our mobile computers as lead products and they've used them for productivity applications, such as inventory management. They're discovering that those same devices with a software upgrade can be used to communicate within the store, an application for which they currently spend money on other products in many cases. And they could actually reduce their operating budgets by having our products take on more of those use cases. So, that gives us an opportunity to augment our presence with software. And a third one that I think we're particularly excited about is, if you look at the solutions areas that we've been looking at. So, take for example RFID in retailers that are deploying RFID. We have a strong presence today with our handheld RFID readers, which are typically a mobile computer combined with a sled (00:43:29) and many of those same retailers are now in the pilots with us looking at the infrastructures like SmartLens, where they could then go beyond what the handheld reader allows them to do and have continuous real-time visibility to their inventory that SmartLens provides. So, there's maybe three examples.
Jeffrey Ted Kessler - Imperial Capital LLC: All right. Great. Thank you very much. I appreciate that for additional color.
Operator: Your next question comes from Keith Housum with Northcoast Research. Please go ahead.
Keith Housum - Northcoast Research Partners LLC: Good morning, guys, and congratulations on another strong quarter.
Anders Gustafsson - Zebra Technologies Corp.: Thank you.
Keith Housum - Northcoast Research Partners LLC: Just following up on the tariffs really quick as I can, was there any pull-forward of revenue in this quarter and do you anticipate any in the fourth quarter? And then, second to that is what's your end customers  what are they saying in terms of demand in terms of what their impact kind of (00:44:23) from how they're being impacted by tariffs and how can it impact their underlying business and how much that translates to business with you guys?
Anders Gustafsson - Zebra Technologies Corp.: Yeah. First, on the pull-forward one, that's certainly an easier question for us to answer. So, there was no pull-forward into Q3, and we're not forecasting any pull-forward into Q4. We manage our  the inventory position with our distributors very carefully. We tend to have them in a relatively narrow band or days of hand of inventory. We don't want them to be sitting on too much inventory. We certainly want them to have too little inventory. And they're all in  within that relatively narrow band of inventory. So, we feel that we've  there's no particularly pre-buying to take advantage of this, and we don't expect that to be the case in Q4 either. With respect to what our end customers are saying and how that might impact us, I think it's fair to say that, so far, they have not really asked too much of this. And it is very much depending I think on what happens after this and we don't want to speculate about any possible list (00:45:36) or anything like that. I think the current tariffs that are in place we would see as having modest impact on the business, and we can largely mitigate that effect. So, we are talking to our customers about what we are doing to help mitigate it. And so far, I think they have been comfortable that we have a good plan for what we're doing to minimize the impact on their business.
Keith Housum - Northcoast Research Partners LLC: Okay. Appreciate it. And just for a follow-up and changing gears on to your services and software which I think you guys would say is one of your underpenetrated markets, obviously, hardware has had some exceptional growth over the past year. But is there a place in your head that you believe that software and services will start growing above the hardware growth? And do you expect it to ramp up? Is this a year out, two years out? I guess, the progress that you're seeing on software and services, where do you stand in terms of where you'd be perhaps a year ago?
Anders Gustafsson - Zebra Technologies Corp.: Yeah. So, the  we do a lot more software than people probably recognize. And if you look at our engineers, the vast, vast majority of our engineers are software engineers. And if you look at this kind of value that we deliver in a mobile computer or printer or even scanner, it's very largely driven by the software. Look at Link-OS in printing it makes it go (00:46:57) from being a less sophisticated printer to a much more connected, good network citizen in our customers' networks. We have a number of other solutions that are also leveraging much more software. So, if you look at SmartLens, SmartPack, a lot of those types of things, our OVS solution is a pure software solution, we monetize those in a variety of different ways. But it still has often a hardware component to them because they  we often deliver that specialized software with a specialized piece of hardware as a solution. And our customers have been, I think, particularly keen for us to do it that way. But we are always looking at opportunities for us to have more of a pure software revenue stream and move into more of as-a-service type of delivery mechanisms also.
Joachim Heel - Zebra Technologies Corp.: Yeah. Maybe the other thing, Keith, to notice, we think of our software very much as a part of a solution. And so, all the solutions that we have been talking about for some time we are in pilot with many of our customers, those have substantial elements of software in them that we will intend to sell as a solution. So, if you look for the growth of those solutions, I think that will be the best indicator of when the software starts to take hold.
Keith Housum - Northcoast Research Partners LLC: Yeah. I guess, that's the question is  if I look at the numbers now, it doesn't look like they've really taken hold yet. Is it a quarter or two out, or is this still perhaps a year or two out where we'll start to seeing the software and services line starts really to ramp up?
Olivier Leonetti - Zebra Technologies Corp.: Yeah. Keith, you mentioned it. Services and software are bundled together. So, you cannot truly conclude. But what I would say  and this is from a lower base, our software business, when we are able to split it from hardware, is going at a multiple of the hardware growth, but from a lower base.
Keith Housum - Northcoast Research Partners LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And our last question today will come from Paul Coster with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Paul J. Chung - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi. Thanks. This is Paul Chung on for Coster. Thanks for taking my questions. So, first off, you exceeded EBITDA margin expectations this quarter and most likely for the year. So, what's your kind of initial view on the pace of expansion in 2019? And what are some puts and takes there? Your integration costs are finally mostly behind you. But do you see kind of more opportunistic costs? Are you kind of comfortable with your OpEx levels here?
Olivier Leonetti - Zebra Technologies Corp.: So, as we have indicated before, we believe we have the ability to improve our EBITDA rate. We want to manage rate, but also dollars. So, at some stage in the year, we will increase EBITDA dollar at the expense of rate. But we believe we have the ability to leverage the P&L either on the gross margin line or on the OpEx line, while keep investing in our business as we have done now for a period of time.
Paul J. Chung - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. And is there any update regarding your long-term target?
Olivier Leonetti - Zebra Technologies Corp.: Not at this stage. As Anders indicated, we feel we have a strong conviction about our business, and we'd come back to you with more detailed numbers for 2019 when we close the quarter in Q4. But we clearly have opportunities to scale and improve.
Paul J. Chung - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Right. And then, my other question, now that you've kind of hit your leverage targets, should we expect the Zebra of old, where most of your free cash went to share buybacks. It looks like you may hit north of $600 million in free cash in 2019 by my calcs. Thank you.
Olivier Leonetti - Zebra Technologies Corp.: Your calculation is correct. The team has done  the Zebra team has done a great job at managing the company for cash and profitable growth. We will reach the bottom of our leverage target by the end of this year. As you sense from the call and as you sense from the results we have been posting for now a number of quarters, we feel very excited by the end markets we serve and by the competitive position of our company in those markets and we see as a result exciting opportunities either organic or inorganic to invest in our business. We believe we have many opportunities to deliver by investing in our business. We have many opportunities to deliver an attractive return. Share buyback and dividend would be contemplated, and they are not off the table but you sense where our focus is.
Paul J. Chung - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thank you. Appreciate it.
Operator: And this will conclude our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Gustafsson for any closing remarks.
Anders Gustafsson - Zebra Technologies Corp.: Yeah. So, as we wrap up, I want to thank the Zebra team and our partners for an exceptional quarter. We expect to close the year strong and are well positioned into 2019. So, have a great day, everyone.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-08-07 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Michael A. Steele - Zebra Technologies Corp. Anders Gustafsson - Zebra Technologies Corp. Olivier Leonetti - Zebra Technologies Corp. Joachim Heel - Zebra Technologies Corp.
Analysts: Jim Ricchiuti - Needham & Company, LLC Keith Housum - Northcoast Research Partners LLC Jason A. Rodgers - Great Lakes Review Joe Aiken - William Blair Richard C. Eastman - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. James E. Faucette - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Paul Coster - JPMorgan Securities LLC
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Second Quarter 2018 Zebra Technologies' Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mike Steele, Vice President of Investor Relations Please go ahead.
Michael A. Steele - Zebra Technologies Corp.: Good morning and thank you for joining us. Before we begin, I need to inform you that certain statements made on this call include forward-looking statements, which are subject to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements reflect the company's current expectations concerning future events and are subject to a number of factors and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. A detailed discussion of these factors and uncertainties is contained in the company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. During this call, we will make reference to non-GAAP financial measures as we describe business performance. You can find reconciliations of our GAAP to non-GAAP results in today's earnings press release and at the end of this slide presentation. This presentation will include prepared remarks from Anders Gustafsson, our Chief Executive Officer, and Olivier Leonetti, our Chief Financial Officer. Anders will begin by discussing our second quarter 2018 highlights. Olivier will then provide more detail on the financials and discuss our third quarter and full-year 2018 outlook. Anders will conclude with progress made on Zebra's strategic priorities. Following the prepared remarks, Joe Heel, our Senior Vice President of Global Sales, will join us as we take your questions. Also, throughout this presentation, unless otherwise indicated, our references to sales growth are year-over-year and on a constant currency basis. This presentation is being simulcast on our website at investors.zebra.com and will be archived there for at least one year. Now, I will turn the call over to Anders.
Anders Gustafsson - Zebra Technologies Corp.: Thank you, Mike. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Our team delivered excellent second quarter results. We executed well, driving strong profitable growth and further extending industry leadership. As you can see on slide 4, we reported net sales growth of 13%, nearly 11% on a constant currency basis; an adjusted EBITDA margin of 19.7%, a 200 basis point year-over-year improvement; non-GAAP diluted EPS of $2.48, a 64% increase from the prior year; and $150 million of cash flow from operations. We achieved double-digit sales growth in EMEA and North America. We also saw solid growth across all of our major product and service categories, including data capture, mobile computing, our specialty printing portfolio, supplies and support services. The investments we have been making in our best-in-class products and solutions are paying off. Our broad suite of purpose-driven products, enhanced with the smartest software and security features, is resonating well with enterprise customers. Our operational discipline and lean cost structure enabled us to significantly expand profit margins and drive improved operating cash flow. Our strong results and robust order backlog gives us confidence to significantly increase our full year outlook for sales and free cash flow. With that, I will now turn the call over to Olivier to review our financial results and to provide the details of our revised 2018 outlook.
Olivier Leonetti - Zebra Technologies Corp.: Thank you, Anders. Let us begin with the walk through the P&L. As you can see on slide 6, sales grew 10.6% in the second quarter, driven by solid results in each of our reporting segments and across all major categories. Enterprise Visibility & Mobility segment sales increased 10.9%, led by strong demand in data capture solutions and mobile computing. Asset Intelligence & Tracking segment sales increased 9.9%, driven by strong growth in printing solutions. Turning to our regions, sales growth in North America was 11%, driven by outperformance in our data capture, printing and supplies categories. We saw particular strength in our transportation and logistics and manufacturing verticals. EMEA sales increased 14% with broad-based strength across all geographies and all major product categories. We saw especially strong demand in the transportation and logistics space as well as in retail as investments are made to improve omni-channel capabilities. Sales in our Asia Pacific region were up 8%, driven by broad-based strength across Asia, including China. As a reminder, Asia Pacific sales in the prior-year quarter were positively impacted by 3 percentage points related to the release of a reserve for price concessions related to previously imposed duties on printers in China. We had solid Q2 sales growth in China, despite this challenging comparison. Latin America sales decreased 1%, primarily due to temporary softness in Mexico. Adjusted gross profit increased $60 million or 15% (sic) [14.5%] (06:15) from the prior-year period on higher sales volume. Adjusted gross margin increased 70 basis points, primarily driven by improved go-to-market execution, favorable business mix shift and the appreciation of the euro over the past year. Adjusted operating expenses increased $20 million from the prior-year period, primarily reflecting growth in the business, higher incentive compensation expense due to improved business performance and investment in growth initiatives. Second quarter 2018 adjusted EBITDA margin was 19.7%, a 200-basis-point increase from the prior-year period. This was driven by higher gross margin and operating expense leverage on higher sales. In addition to EBITDA margin expansion, lower interest cost and a decreased tax rate drove non-GAAP earnings per diluted share to $2.48, a 64% year-over-year increase. Turning now to the balance sheet and cash flow highlights on slide 7, in the first half of this year, we paid down $235 million of debt principal, supported by strong free cash flow of $233 million. This $52 million increase in free cash flow as compared to the first half of 2017 was primarily driven by increased operating profitability and the absence of integration cost in the first half of this year. At quarter-end, we had $2 billion of viable rate debt on the balance sheet, of which more than $500 million is hedged with interest rate swaps for 2018. As a reminder, in late 2017, we locked in an incremental $800 million of floating-to-fixed rate swaps that will become effective in December 2018 for an overall notional swap value of $1.3 billion. Due to the favorable timing of this transaction, we have realized $18 million of non-cash gains in the first half of the year, which we have excluded from our non-GAAP results. Slide 8 shows our path to financial deleveraging. Continued debt paydown and strong EBITDA growth enabled us to achieve a 2.5 times net-debt-to-adjusted-EBITDA ratio as of the end of Q2, which is the top-end of our targeted range of between 2 times and 2.5 times. In the second quarter, we completed additional actions to restructure our debt, which have resulted in an annualized interest expense savings of approximately $4 million to $5 million. These actions followed a comprehensive debt restructuring we completed during the second half of 2017, which drove more than $45 million of annualized interest savings. Let us turn to our outlook on slide 9. We had a strong backlog entering the third quarter and we expect third quarter 2018 net sales growth to be between 12% and 15%, which assumes an approximately 1 percentage point favorable impact from foreign currency translation. Third quarter 2018 adjusted EBITDA margin is expected to be between 19% and 20%, assuming gross margin in line with the prior year and increased operating expense leverage. Non-GAAP diluted EPS is expected to be in the range of $2.50 to $2.70. For the full year, we are raising our outlook and now expect net sales growth to be between 10% and 12%. This includes an anticipated 2 percentage point favorable impact from foreign currency translation. Full-year 2018 adjusted EBITDA margin is expected to be approximately 20%, assuming higher year-over-year gross margin and operating expense leverage. For the full-year 2018, we now expect to exceed $525 million of free cash flow. This increased outlook is primarily due to higher expected EBITDA. You can see other full-year 2018 modeling assumptions on slide 9. Note that we have made modest adjustments to our assumptions on capital expenditures, interest expense, stock-based compensation and tax rate. Note that our 2018 outlook does not include any projected results from the acquisition of Xplore Technologies, a transaction we expect to complete this quarter. Anders will discuss the acquisition in a few moments. With that, I will turn the call back to Anders to discuss progress on our strategic priorities.
Anders Gustafsson - Zebra Technologies Corp.: Thank you, Olivier. We are pleased with the progress we made in the second quarter and the opportunity to raise our full-year outlook. As you see on slide 11, we remain focused on our key priorities to build upon our industry leadership in 2018 and beyond. First, we continue to extend our leadership through our innovation, unmatched scale and strong relationships with customers and partners. We saw strong demand for our products and solutions, both the direct and through the channel. Several areas that have recently been driving solid growth include our families of Android mobile computers, our best-in-class wearables, our tabletop and mobile printers, our next-generation bioptic grocery scanner and our Personal Shopper Solution. Second, we are focused on driving growth in attractive markets where we can leverage our competitive advantages. We continually evaluate organic and inorganic opportunities to strengthen or augment our position in the adjacencies as well as attractive businesses that advance us as a solutions provider. As a proof point, in July, we launched a tender offer to acquire Xplore Technologies, which will enhance our product lineup and provide a complete enterprise tablet portfolio. Xplore's offerings will serve existing vertical markets for Zebra as well as provide an inroad into new markets, including oil and gas, utility, government and public safety. The addition of Xplore will provide access to a great team and outstanding products in an attractive market that should enable us to grow our tablet sales double digits. Third, we are advancing our Enterprise Asset Intelligence or EAI vision by leveraging Zebra's deep knowledge of workflows and capitalizing on key technology trends, including the Internet of Things, cloud computing and mobility. Our aspiration is to enable every frontline worker and asset to be visible, connected and optimally utilized. Lastly, we have enhanced Zebra's financial strength and flexibility by increasing cash flow and optimizing our capital structure. As Olivier mentioned, we have achieved the top-end of our targeted leverage range after several years of EBITDA improvement and aggressive debt paydown. Last week, we were excited to introduce a new brand positioning that highlights our EAI vision and how we enable our customers to succeed. On slide 12, you see our brand essentials, which convey how Zebra delivers a performance edge to the frontline of business. First, Zebra innovates products and solutions with purpose-driven designs that are tailor-made for the frontline and its work flows. Our products are ultra-rugged and reliable, intuitive to use and easily integrated with other Zebra products to create a scalable platform. They also have enterprise-grade security and are fully supported by Zebra through their lifecycle. Second, our smart products and infrastructures capture timely and relevant information creating data-powered environments, supported by Savanna, our data services platform. Third, we enhance collaboration and workflows for frontline workers through mobile connectivity. With our tools and software applications, teams can communicate seamlessly and utilize location information to dispatch instructions to the appropriate employee. And, lastly, we can analyze the operational data we collect through automated methods to provide real-time guidance to the frontline worker. Together with our growing global ecosystem of partners, Zebra's solutions are used to intelligently connect company assets, data and people in collaborative mobile workflows. In summary, these brand essentials highlight Zebra's differentiation in the marketplace and how we enable our enterprise customers to enhance productivity, improve customer service, ensure patient safety and comply with regulations. Across all of the vertical markets we serve, five mega trends have been transforming the needs of our customers. These include the proliferation of connected devices, mobility within the enterprise, cloud computing, the transition from task worker to knowledge worker and an increasingly on-demand economy. We are helping companies across many industries digitize their operations and improve their performance to stay relevant and compete in today's marketplace. Slide 13 highlights the primary vertical markets that we serve, retail and e-commerce, healthcare, transportation and logistics and manufacturing. Our intimate knowledge of operational workflows in each of these verticals is a key reason for our success. We see the pace of change accelerating and the use cases are evolving to address increasing demands. For example, in retail, our solutions have been traditionally used for inventory management, which remains a critical application for omni-channel and e-commerce fulfillment. More recently, we have been driving increased demand for our products and solutions in the front of the store as customers require a higher level of customer service, including more pick-up and delivery options. With our technology, a store associate can immediately check inventory and complete a transaction without ever leaving the shopper's side. In the transportation and logistics space, we are well-known for track and trace and proof-of-delivery use cases. We are now providing real-time visibility of parcels and equipment at every stage of the supply chain, including innovative solutions that maximize the load density of a trailer. In healthcare, we enable patient identification through wristbands and a variety of sensing technologies and we are expanding use cases by driving increased clinical collaboration. Our solutions now allow care providers to monitor patient conditions while being mobile. Additionally, enabling immediate communication among various care team members is vital for timely patient care and the best possible outcomes. In summary, enterprise customers are working with us to solve their evolving business challenges. We see ample opportunity for increased application of our solutions in our existing and new verticals. With that, I'll hand the call back to Mike.
Michael A. Steele - Zebra Technologies Corp.: Thanks, Anders. We'll now open the call to Q&A. We ask that you limit yourself to one question and one follow-up, so that we can get to as many of you as possible.
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session. And our first question comes from Jim Ricchiuti of Needham & Co. Please go ahead.
Jim Ricchiuti - Needham & Company, LLC: Thank you. Good morning. I was wondering  I have a question on the transportation and logistics and manufacturing markets. What I'm wondering is whether the strength you're seeing in these markets is the result of new capacity additions or increased investments going into existing infrastructure and facilities. And you may not have that clear a pipeline into that, but I'm just wondering if that's what you might be seeing in those markets that's driving the strength.
Anders Gustafsson - Zebra Technologies Corp.: Yeah. Thank you. I'd say, first, our solutions are foundational to our customers executing on their strategies and digitizing their businesses across all our verticals. Across all the markets we serve, we help them increase workflow efficiency, provide real-time guidance to frontline employees and enhance customer or patient experiences. And we deliver all of this through our specialized partner ecosystem. So, specifically, for the transportation and logistics and manufacturing markets, I'd say, first, with T&L, there's some strong secular growth trends that are in play there. E-commerce and the on-demand economy are driving a lot of investments by T&L companies. Historically, they've delivered many  say, many boxes to a few corporate enterprise customers. Today, it tends to be much more  a few boxes to many consumers. So, it puts a lot of strain on their supply chain and that's translating into additional investments and business for us. So, our Android portfolio, our wearables, our printing, particularly mobile printing, are all seeing accelerated growth rates from the T&L space. And we see some of our newer solutions, like SmartPack and Location Solutions, demonstrate the thought leadership within the T&L industry. So, it helps also provide a bigger umbrella from how we can operate with those customers. And in manufacturing, it's a strong growth vertical, particularly for printing, and we have released a number of new printers over the last several quarters, new tabletop printers and desktop printers, some new mobile printers too for that matter. And they have been very well received in manufacturing. We also see manufacturing as being the highest Windows conversion opportunity, so Windows to Android. They've been so far, I think, the slowest to adopt Android, but we are having a lot of programs and solutions in place to help make that transition as easy for them and help accelerate that. Manufacturing is also the primary vertical for our Location Solutions business.
Jim Ricchiuti - Needham & Company, LLC: Got it. My follow-up question, Anders, is on M&A. Just with the successful integration of the Enterprise business and now this announcement with respect to Xplore, I'm wondering if this signals that the company is going to be more active on the acquisition front. And along those lines, what's the deal pipeline look like and maybe some criteria for doing M&A going forward. Thank you. And congratulations on the quarter.
Anders Gustafsson - Zebra Technologies Corp.: Thank you. Yeah. Well, we now been  spent last three years aggressively paying down debt and that's giving us a lot of financial flexibility. So, we're now, as we said in our prepared remarks, at the high-end of our targeted net-debt-to-EBITDA range of 2 times to 2.5 times. We are seeing number of good opportunities for us to invest in our business both organically and inorganically. And these opportunities would deliver attractive ROI for our shareholders. I think Xplore is a great example of this. It's the first acquisition we made since 2014. So, it's basically four years. All our investment opportunities, organic or inorganic, have to drive attractive ROI and attractive growth rates for us, both on the top and bottom lines. We always start by looking at the highest risk-adjusted returns for shareholders. So, we consider all options when it comes to our capital allocation priorities and investment opportunities that we will be particularly excited about would be things that would help advance us as a solutions provider that would bolster our sense, analyze, and act value propositions, also opportunities to strengthen or augment our position in near adjacencies, which will be  Xplore will be a casing point. So, for us, M&A is a vector of growth, but we will always start with looking at the highest risk-adjusted return for our investors.
Jim Ricchiuti - Needham & Company, LLC: Thanks very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Keith Housum of Northcoast Research. Please go ahead.
Keith Housum - Northcoast Research Partners LLC: Good morning, gentlemen. Congratulations on a good quarter. Anders, last quarter, I think you guys offered a little bit commentary that the pipeline into large deals for the rest of the year just wasn't that great. Not that we weren't there, but you just didn't have a great pipeline to it. Did things change over the quarter that the large deal pipeline just seems to grow or you (25:49) have more visibility there?
Anders Gustafsson - Zebra Technologies Corp.: Yeah. I'll start and then, I'll have Joe Heel help out here also. But, yeah, when we started the year, I think we had limited visibility to larger deals and larger pipelines. That has  we put a lot of emphasis on both driving our run rate business, which has also been growing very nicely over the year here, as well as making sure that we paid attention to larger customers and that we could win new refreshes or new deployments with them. And I'd say over the last three, four months, we've seen a meaningful improvement, the strengthening of the large deal pipeline also. And that's reflected in our Q3 guidance. Joe?
Joachim Heel - Zebra Technologies Corp.: Not much to add. I think we have been pleasantly surprised by the ongoing momentum in terms of the conversion of Windows to Android, not only in retail, but as we mentioned earlier also in other segments like T&L. And we have seen an ongoing trend by our customers to make those transitions and the visibility we've gotten into those transitions has given us both very good results in Q2 and the confidence for some of our outlook that we've shared.
Keith Housum - Northcoast Research Partners LLC: Great. I appreciate the color. I guess a brief follow-up if I can. R&D went up by about $10 million this quarter. I guess Olivier or Anders, can you just talk about the strategy for R&D going forward? And what does the growth that you are having now, what does that give you the ability to invest in it perhaps you weren't able to invest in before?
Olivier Leonetti - Zebra Technologies Corp.: So, let me answer to the OpEx trend in general rather than only R&D, Keith. So, first of all, you're right, we have increased the OpEx year-on-year by about $20 million. We're investing in organic investments and also in high incentive compensation based upon the performance of the business. And when we deploy capital in OpEx specifically, we have three key principles in mind. First, we want to scale OpEx as a proportion of revenue. And as you saw in Q2, we have increased OpEx as a proportion of revenue by 140 basis point year-on-year. We had the same kind of scaling last year. So, principle number one. Principle number two, we want to be prudent in the way we invest and we want to generate, obviously, profitable growth and we have been able to do that nicely over the last two years, Q2 being not an exception. And we also invest in a viable cost, we want to be able to nimble. And maybe, Anders, you have other points to add.
Anders Gustafsson - Zebra Technologies Corp.: Yeah. Just briefly, I'd say we have lots of very attractive investment opportunities across all our product portfolios. And we have a productivity program going on to help make sure that we free up as much investment capacity as we can to put that money to use in a most productive way. So, product development and sales and marketing are the three areas that tend to get the most of that, but also some of that we let flow through to shareholders to make sure we have a good balance. But we have lots of good opportunities for investment that will drive growth for 2019 and beyond.
Keith Housum - Northcoast Research Partners LLC: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jason Rodgers of Great Lakes Review. Please go ahead.
Jason A. Rodgers - Great Lakes Review: Yes. Just wanted to talk a little bit about the AIT segment. You had very strong organic growth there versus what you've done in previous quarters. You mentioned the benefits from new products, but I was wondering if there are any especially large deals that contributed to that growth and how sustainable that growth may be in the second half.
Anders Gustafsson - Zebra Technologies Corp.: Yeah. First, we're driving growth across all our business segments now or product segments now and I'd say our innovative and broad portfolio product solutions is a major differentiator and strong driver for us. Also our deep understanding of the vertical workflows within our customers' operations is helping us be much more of a partner to our customers. And we're excited about all our products here this quarter. We had strong performance across all major product categories. On the printing side, we saw  AIT had particularly strong performance in North America and in Europe. The new portfolio  the new products we have come out with have performed very well and we have a very strong and fresh and differentiated portfolio of solutions today. Things like Link-OS provides an unrivaled manageability of our printers that is very difficult for others to emulate. You can now scrape off data from labels and use that as intelligence  or to drive intelligence, you could say. Our desktop and mobile printers did very well in Q2. We also launched a new card printer in the second quarter, one of our entry-level models, which was performing very well and got very good feedback from customers. Supplies we think of as a very attractive business, but it is an underpenetrated market from Zebra's perspective and we believe we have good opportunities to continue to grow there also. And overall, I'd say our printing and supplies business were the biggest beneficiaries of One Zebra of the combination of the traditional printing business with the enterprise business. And let's see if Joe has anything to add.
Joachim Heel - Zebra Technologies Corp.: Well, perhaps only on your specific question around large deals, I would say there isn't a single large deal or a grouping of large deals that has influenced our results in Q2 that we share disproportionately. We did have a number of areas that had very nice growth. For example, the manufacturing in Asia, which is one of our big customers, as Anders mentioned, healthcare where we do have a strong presence with printers and supplies, all have contributed very nicely with growth, but not in any one concentrated deal or group of deals.
Jason A. Rodgers - Great Lakes Review: And then, as a follow-up, with debt no longer the priority for cash flow, just looking specifically at share repurchase, should we expect that to at least offset the future dilution? And also, I wanted to get your thoughts on initiating a dividend.
Olivier Leonetti - Zebra Technologies Corp.: So, as Anders indicated, we are very excited by the end-markets we are serving and by the competitive position of the company. And our first order of priority is going to be to invest in our business organically or inorganically. And we think that is the best way today to deliver good return for our shareholders. Now, buyback and dividends are not off the table. We will evaluate all our options. But first order of priority is going to be organic and inorganic investment opportunities.
Jason A. Rodgers - Great Lakes Review: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Drab of William Blair. Please go ahead.
Joe Aiken - William Blair: Thanks. This is actually Joe Aiken on for Brian this morning. I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about the winding down of 3G and how large an impact that could have on the business looking ahead to 2020 or 2021 and beyond and more specifically with the transition away from Windows taking place, won't most devices already be compatible with 4G or LTE by that time?
Anders Gustafsson - Zebra Technologies Corp.: Yes. The first, the transition from the Windows to Android, that continues to be a key driver of growth for us. We are approaching 50% market share overall for our mobile computing platform or portfolio and our market share for Android is substantially higher than that. So, that's a driver for our market share increases. We see continued good potential for continued growth in Android. There's still, we estimate, at least 10 million legacy Windows devices out there that remains to be updated or refreshed to Android. And we now see continued expansion of the vertical markets or the use cases where Android is being used. So, started off in retail, transportation logistics is clearly helping now. Healthcare is doing well. And we see Android having a somewhat shorter lifecycle than Microsoft devices. So, that will also be a help. Specifically, for 3G, so for those who aren't as familiar maybe with 3G, that's  as the service providers in North America will start rolling out 5G, they will have to do some frequency reharvesting and the 3G service will be turned down over the next, I can't remember, I think it's 2021 is the end date for when 3G service will disappear. And we have and the industry has a number of 3G-only devices, Wide Area Net devices in service today and those obviously will not work on the 4G network. So, we think there's probably about maybe 3 million devices or so in the market from us and others that would need to be refreshed as part of that upgrade also.
Joe Aiken - William Blair: Great. Thank you. And then just a follow-up, can you give any more granularity around the software and service segment, specifically what percent of sale the software account for in that and what was the growth of each during the quarter, if you can?
Olivier Leonetti - Zebra Technologies Corp.: Of course. So, services and software represent about 10%, a bit more of the company revenue. And the growth has been in the mid-single digits. We are pleased with the performance of this particular segment. It has been an area of focus for us. The first order of priority was over the last few quarters to raise customer satisfaction and as a result, we in-sourced North America operations. We in-sourced that in the U.S. and we have seen, as a result, as indicated, sales benefiting from that transition. So, we are pleased with the result and we think that this is actually the start of a new trend for us.
Anders Gustafsson - Zebra Technologies Corp.: Maybe two things I would add is the segment that you referred to also includes professional services and software. And we see those as critical to the EAI solutions that we're bringing to market and they are enabling those very nicely.
Joe Aiken - William Blair: Great. Thanks for the color there. I appreciate you taking my questions.
Operator: Our next question comes from Richard Eastman of Baird. Please go ahead.
Richard C. Eastman - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Yes. Good morning. Perhaps, Anders, could you just kind of speak to the second half sales outlook, whether it'd be the third quarter and certainly the implied fourth quarter and full year? I'm curious we're now talking about full-year core growth of 8% to 10%, I think, is how the math works out. Could you just zero us in a little bit on where that increased confidence is driven either by end-market, is there  again, we talked a little bit about large deals in the retail segment, but I'm curious, is there any cyclical uptick  you mentioned manufacturing, but maybe just zero us in a little bit on where the increased confidence is over the second half either by end market or perhaps by geography?
Anders Gustafsson - Zebra Technologies Corp.: Yeah. I think, firstly, we are forecasting now 8% to 10% organic growth. We think that's a prudent forecast based on the visibility that we have today. And I'd say the growth we are seeing now is very broad-based. Right? You see in Q2, three out of four regions had solid growth, all our product categories had good growth. So, we expect to see continued growth from our channel and we had good visibility now also into a large deal pipeline that we'll convert, we believe, in the second half of 2018. I would say the drivers for this are similar to what we talked about before on the vertical side  within each vertical market. So, in retail, you have the shift to e-commerce and omni-channel. That's a big investment that I would say pretty much every brick-and-mortar retailer and e-commerce provider is embracing and they are adopting our type of technology to be able to execute on those strategies. We also are seeing some of the newer technologies around RFID or smart infrastructures like SmartLens to help drive growth there. And similarly in healthcare, the continued efforts to digitize healthcare, so going from having a manila folder with hand-scribbled notes to electronic medical records, where you can now type patient data directly in real-time, say, to  from reading something about a customer, client or that  into those records. And the value proposition in healthcare is very compelling for us around stronger care, better care, but also more  better efficiencies which is our normal value proposition. We talked earlier about transportation and logistics with some strong secular trends supporting growth around e-commerce and on-demand economy. And manufacturing similarly is a big opportunity for us as they've been the slowest so far to convert into Android. So, we see growth across all the verticals, all the products and, graphically, we continue to see all regions expecting to grow in the second half. Asia Pac, we talked quite a bit about in the prior year. We put a lot of emphasis on Asia Pac and Asia Pac is now delivering very strong growth and I would expect Asia to be the fastest-growing market for us for the foreseeable future.
Richard C. Eastman - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Okay.
Joachim Heel - Zebra Technologies Corp.: Let me give you two other data points underpinning our confidence for the second half. One is we look very carefully at a business that we transact in small sizes, what we call run rate business, and we have seen a good and steady growth of that run rate business in Q2 and we see that continuing. That's quite predictable into the second half. So, that underpins our confidence. And the second is we've talked about visibility to large deals. And we were, of course, particularly prudent about our second half, because, as you remember, last year in the second half, we did have a good number of such large deals and we wanted to make sure that we can repeat that. And we do have good visibility to large deals in the second half. So, those two data points, in particular, would underpin our confidence.
Richard C. Eastman - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Great. And then, just as a follow-up question, Anders, should we be concerned or thinking about any tariff-related issues on Zebra, whether it'd be on the cost side or just on the demand side? Anything to think about there?
Anders Gustafsson - Zebra Technologies Corp.: I'll let Olivier start.
Olivier Leonetti - Zebra Technologies Corp.: Yeah. So, this is a dynamic environment and we don't know what would be ultimately enacted and it would be premature to speculate on the call. The tariffs, which have been enacted to-date, the minimal impact on the company, they're included in our guide. And, going forward, we are looking at all options today and our objective will be to minimize the impact of those tariffs on the P&L of the company. And we have a flexible supply chain, which will allow us to achieve that over time. Maybe, Anders, you have additional comments?
Anders Gustafsson - Zebra Technologies Corp.: Yeah. Maybe a couple of comments on the demand side there. So, we certainly haven't seen or heard it from customers today that they are concerned about tariff from the demand side. The one mitigating factor for us will be also that we tend to be a smaller part of a large network or a large rollout. So, even if there were to be some impact, modest impact on our solutions, it would not necessarily put the ROI at risk for our customers in a bigger rollout.
Richard C. Eastman - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Okay. Okay. Very good. Well, thank you. Thank you for your time.
Anders Gustafsson - Zebra Technologies Corp.: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from James Faucette of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
James E. Faucette - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thank you very much. I wanted to ask just in terms of your investment, et cetera, should we expect that the impact will be entirely to OpEx as you continue to invest in the business or should we expect that there may be some gross margin impact either as you secure footprint with new big customers or as you introduce new products?
Anders Gustafsson - Zebra Technologies Corp.: Do you want?
Olivier Leonetti - Zebra Technologies Corp.: Yeah. We have outsourced our supply chain. So, most of the investments we made would be in the OpEx category. But again, we expect, as we have demonstrated, to be able to scale OpEx as a proportion of revenue, James, and the company as the team has done a good job on that particular dimension. So, mainly in OpEx.
Anders Gustafsson - Zebra Technologies Corp.: But when we look at where we're making the investments and some of the investments start to show up in OpEx, but we are investing in building capabilities and other ways of reducing the cost of goods sold in our products to make sure that our gross margin can hold up or increase over time.
James E. Faucette - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Got it. And then, my other question just related  was related to debt. Obviously, you've done a lot of refinancing there. But given the changing interest rate environment and just what your debt levels are coming down to, is there any incremental that can be done on debt refinancing to further bring down interest rate expense? Thanks.
Olivier Leonetti - Zebra Technologies Corp.: We are looking at all opportunities and we are surprised ourselves to keep finding opportunities. We believe we have some additional levers indeed to reduce the debt and would probably deploy those initial odd (45:37) ideas in the coming two to three quarters. But we think we still have opportunities, James.
James E. Faucette - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thank you very much.
Anders Gustafsson - Zebra Technologies Corp.: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Paul Coster of JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Paul Coster - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Yeah. Thanks for taking my questions. First up, Anders, I'm wondering if you can hazard a guess of what you think the long-term growth rate is through the cycle now. I mean, what of this is cyclical versus secular?
Anders Gustafsson - Zebra Technologies Corp.: Yeah. We are always challenging ourselves to think about how can we maximize profitable growth and the 4% to 5% growth target that we've talked about historically, we think is still  is not aspirational and that does not include any acquisitions. So, that will be only on organic growth. And, hopefully, by now, we've proven to everyone that we can execute and that we have over achieved this target since we concluded the acquisition of the Enterprise business back in 2014. And at this stage, I think we have a very strong competitive position. It's a very diversified business and we have many levers that we can pull to achieve sustainable growth, both in top line and bottom line. We see our core as still having great growth opportunities or near adjacencies and also some of the newer solutions that we have around our Enterprise Asset Intelligence vision. And we are making solid organic investments to drive profitable growth for the business both for 2019 and beyond. So, we feel good about where we are.
Paul Coster - JPMorgan Securities LLC: So, Anders, the only thing I'd like to ask about is if you look at the slide 13 of your presentation, enabling enterprise visibility and the strategic objectives here in the four verticals, in every picture there's a human being or a human hand. But as you know, some of the fastest growth we're seeing where the highest multiples being awarded are in machine vision, robotics, where there's no human being involved necessarily. Can you talk to us about those adjacencies? Is that something that you may pursue or whether you are ultimately tied to the human hand essentially here as part of your strategy?
Anders Gustafsson - Zebra Technologies Corp.: Yeah. I'll start giving you a little bit of a sense of our EAI strategy and then how that plays into automation. But, first, we continue to be very excited about our EAI vision and where we think that can take us and the growth opportunities we can see there. It resonates very well today with our customers and our employees and it's very much integral to everything we do in the company. Our sense, analyze, and act framework is a great way for us to think about this that helps drive real-time guidance at the edge of the enterprise for our customers. We help our customers digitize their businesses through a variety of way or such (48:47)  Link-OS on the printing side, Location Solutions, our various Smartx type of solutions. And it also helps us  helps position Zebra as a thought leader. We had a great win last week actually with an important customer, competitive takeaway, where I think the thought-leader status that we had was a big part of why we won that business. They thought of us as somebody who could help them beyond just the RFQ that was out, but more deliver innovative solutions to them over the next several years. So, overall, with EAI, we're very pleased with progress and it gives us a number of attractive horizons for growth. If you then move into more the automation or intelligent automation as we call it, we think of that as a big net opportunity for Zebra. It's kind of a natural extension to our EAI strategy. We leverage the same kind of critical capabilities for automation as we do for EAI. And when we look at the  we see opportunities to help automate basically each of the steps, the sense, analyze, and act steps, that we have, right? And when people hear automation first, I think many people's minds go to robotics. I think that's one way of delivering that automation, but a lot of it is around how to automate the data capture, the analytics and how to dispatch that action to the right person and that might be a person or a robot of some sort, right? So, what we do is we help solve our customers' problems and we do that by leveraging how to make humans more efficient and effective. We leverage robots where appropriately and we have smart infrastructures that provide even higher level of, say, automation. So, I think of automation again as a continuum. You can possibly think of a specific use case like inventory or replenishment in a retail store. Historically, it started with a human going out and counting whatever was on the shelves and having a clipboard to write down what was there. Then, with barcodes, you could start automating and making those humans more productive by scanning that barcode. Then, you can see with introducing robotics that you can have a robot that can go up and down the aisle and be able to read the labels on the shelf and see also how many units of something is on the shelf. They can see if there's any gaps and they can take action on those things. Or we have drones as another kind of robotic activity where we've seen system integrators take our  four of our long-range scanners to put on a location solution tag to enable to guide and control the drone and basically control it from one of our tablets. So, we're very much involved also on the robotic automation side, but we think maybe that the smart infrastructure is the more enabling, the bigger opportunity for automation. If you look at SmartLens, SmartPack, SmartFreight, all of these things where you have a system that is situationally aware, can know in real time exactly what's on the shelves, it can automate that data capture, it can automate the analytics of being able to determine that you're running low on a certain piece of merchandise and you can automatically send an action to a person or to a, say, robot to replenish that good. So, for us, I see it as a big net opportunity and we're looking to see how we can kind of participate across that continuum of both augmenting humans to be more productive, but also taking advantage of smart infrastructures and other tools that can deliver those improvements. Does that answer your question?
Paul Coster - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Yeah. It does. So, I mean in the future, it need not have a human being in the picture is the way I inferred that. And so, there's nothing out of scope. All right. Got it. Thank you.
Anders Gustafsson - Zebra Technologies Corp.: Yeah. Yeah.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I'd now like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Gustafsson for any closing remarks.
Anders Gustafsson - Zebra Technologies Corp.: Thank you. As we wrap up, I want to thank the Zebra team and our partners for another quarter of strong growth and strong results. And we look forward to welcoming the Xplore team once we close the transaction. So, have a great day, everyone.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-05-08 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Michael A. Steele - Zebra Technologies Corp. Anders Gustafsson - Zebra Technologies Corp. Olivier Leonetti - Zebra Technologies Corp. Joachim Heel - Zebra Technologies Corp.
Analysts: James Ricchiuti - Needham & Company, LLC Paul J. Chung - JPMorgan Securities LLC Brian P. Drab - William Blair & Co. LLC Jason A. Rodgers - Great Lakes Review Richard Eastman - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. James E. Faucette - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Jeffrey Ted Kessler - Imperial Capital LLC
Operator: Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the Q1 2018 Zebra Technologies Earnings Release Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode. After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. Please also note today's event is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference call over to Mr. Mike Steele, Vice President of Investor Relations Please go ahead.
Michael A. Steele - Zebra Technologies Corp.: Good morning and thank you for joining us. Before we begin, I need to inform you that certain statements made on this call include forward-looking statements which are subject to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements reflect the company's current expectations concerning future events and are subject to a number of factors and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. A detailed discussion of these factors and uncertainties is contained in the company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. During this call, we will make reference to non-GAAP financial measures as we describe business performance. You can find reconciliations of our GAAP to non-GAAP results in today's earnings press release and at the end of this slide presentation. This presentation will include prepared remarks from Anders Gustafsson, our Chief Executive Officer; and Olivier Leonetti, our Chief Financial Officer. Anders will begin by discussing our first quarter 2018 highlights. Olivier will then provide more detail on the financials and discuss our second quarter and full-year 2018 outlook. Anders will conclude with progress made on Zebra's strategic priorities. Following the prepared remarks, Joe Heel, our Senior Vice President of Global Sales, will join us as we take your questions. Also, throughout this presentation, unless otherwise indicated, our references to sales growth are year-over-year and on a constant currency basis. This presentation is being simulcast on our website at investors.zebra.com and will be archived there for at least one year. Now, we'll turn the call over to Anders.
Anders Gustafsson - Zebra Technologies Corp.: Thank you, Mike. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Our first quarter results were driven by strong performance across the business. As you can see on slide 4, for the quarter, we reported net sales growth of 13% or 10% on a constant currency basis, an adjusted EBITDA margin of 20.9%, a 370 basis point year-over-year improvement, non-GAAP diluted EPS of $2.56, an 87% increase from the prior year and $116 million of cash flow from operations. Q1 was a great start to the year. Our team executed well in a solid global macroeconomic environment. Our industry leadership is driving robust broad-based market demand for our solutions. We achieved growth across all regions, with particularly strong performance in EMEA and North America. We also saw exceptional growth in mobile computing, led by our Android-powered devices and solid performance across our printing portfolio, which we have continued to enhance with smarter software and security features. Our operational discipline and focus on a lean cost structure enabled us to significantly expand profit margins and achieve a record earnings per share. Our strong Q1 results and solid order backlog gives us the confidence to raise our full-year outlook for sales, margin and free cash flow. With that, I'll now turn the call over to Olivier to review our financial results and to provide the details of our revised 2018 outlook.
Olivier Leonetti - Zebra Technologies Corp.: Thank you, Anders. Let us begin with the walk through the P&L. As you can see on slide 6, sales grew 9.8% in the first quarter, driven by solid results in each of our reporting segments and growth across all four regions. Enterprise Visibility & Mobility segment sales increased 11.1%, led by robust demand in mobile computing. Asset Intelligence & Tracking segment sales increased 6.4%, driven by strong growth in printing. Sales of services were higher, with continued strength in our Visibility Services applications and Zebra Retail Solutions. Turning to our regions, sales growth in North America was 9%, driven by demand for our mobile computing devices, due to the ongoing conversion to Android, particularly in the retail sector, as well as solid printer sales to the channel. EMEA sales increased 13%, with broad-based strength and exceptionally strong mobile computing sales. Sales in Asia-Pacific were up 5%, driven by strength in the manufacturing sector and solid growth in printing products. Sales grew throughout most of the region. Our business in China has been recovering nicely and we are seeing increased end market demand for our tailored product offering. Latin America sales increased 7%, attributable to exceptionally strong sales in mobile computing and data capture products. Consolidated gross profit increased $64 million or 16% from the prior period on higher sales volume. Adjusted gross margin increased 130 basis point, primarily driven by improved go-to-market execution, favorable business mix shift in both operating segments and the appreciation of the euro over the past year. Adjusted operating expenses increased $10 million from the prior period, primarily reflecting growth in the business and higher incentive compensation expense due to improved business performance. First quarter 2018 adjusted EBITDA margin was 20.9%, a 370 basis point increase from the prior period. This was driven by higher gross margin and operating expense leverage on higher sales due to our disciplined approach to profitable growth. In addition to EBITDA margin expansion, lower interest cost and the decreased tax rate drove non-GAAP earnings per diluted share to $2.56, or 87% increase year-over-year. Turning now to the balance sheet and cash flow highlight on slide 7. At quarter end, we had $2.1 billion of variable rate debt on the balance sheet, of which more than $500 million is hedged with interest rate swaps for 2018. As a reminder, in late 2017, we locked in an incremental $800 million of floating to fixed rate swaps that would become effective in December 2018, for an overall notional swap value of $1.3 billion. Due to the favorable timing of this transaction, we realized a $12 million non-cash gain in Q1, which we have excluded from our non-GAAP results. In Q1, we paid down $95 million of debt principal supported by strong free cash flow of $98 million. Slide 8 shows our path to financial deleveraging. Continued debt pay down and strong EBITDA growth enabled us to achieve a 2.8 times net debt-to-adjusted EBITDA ratio as of the end of the first quarter. We're targeting a range of between 2 and 2.5 times, which we expect to achieve by the third quarter. Let us turn to our outlook on slide 9. We had another strong backlog entering the second quarter and we expect second quarter 2018 net sales growth to be between 9% and 12%, which assumes an approximately 3 percentage point favorable impact from foreign currency translation. Second quarter 2018 adjusted EBITDA margin is expected to be between 18.5% and 19%, an increase from the prior period, primarily due to slightly higher gross margin and operating expense leverage. Non-GAAP diluted EPS is expected to be in the range of $2.10 to $2.30. For the full year, we are raising our outlook and now expect net sales growth to be between 6% and 9%. This includes an anticipated 2-percentage point favorable impact from foreign currency translation. Full-year 2018 adjusted EBITDA margin is now expected to be approximately 20% and assumes higher gross margin and operating expense leverage as compared to the prior year. For the full-year 2018, we now expect to exceed $500 million of free cash flow. This increase is primarily due to higher expected EBITDA. Additionally, although we aim to improve our cash conversion cycle, we're assuming that working capital will be a use of cash as we grow the business. You can see other full-year 2018 modeling assumptions on slide 9. Note that we have made modest adjustments to our assumptions for interest and stock-based compensation expense. With that, I will turn the call back to Anders to discuss progress on our strategic priorities.
Anders Gustafsson - Zebra Technologies Corp.: Thank you, Olivier. We are pleased with the progress made in the first quarter of 2018 and our improved outlook for the year. As you see on slide 11, we remain focused on our key priorities to build upon our industry leadership and drive shareholder value. First, we are extending our leadership in the core business through our innovation, unmatched scale and strong relationships with customers and partners. Our product offerings are resonating well in the market and have enabled us to expand our relationships with our Enterprise customers, both direct and in the channel. Several devices that have recently been driving solid growth across our core include our TC51 and TC70 families of Android mobile computers, our Ultra-Rugged scanners and our mobile and RFID printers, which are now equipped with our latest software applications and utilities and the industry's most advanced data security tools. Second, we are focused on driving growth in attractive markets that leverage Zebra's strength in our core. We continually evaluate opportunities in near adjacencies where we are underpenetrated including specialty supplies, as well as emerging areas such as our Visibility Services. Third, we are advancing our Enterprise Asset Intelligence or EAI vision by leveraging Zebra's deep knowledge of workflows and capitalizing on key technology trends. EAI is integral to our vision and makes our solutions unique in the marketplace. Our aspiration is to enable every asset and frontline worker to be visible, connected and optimally utilized. Additionally, we continue to enhance Zebra's financial strength and flexibility by increasing cash flow and optimizing our capital structure. As Olivia mentioned, we have made tremendous progress in this area and we expect to soon achieve our net debt leverage target. I would like to spend a few moments on slide 12 to highlight why more customers are choosing Zebra. We offer a unique value proposition to the enterprise market and we deliver a performance edge to those on the frontline of business. Zebra's global reach and scale allows us to dedicate the resources needed to create the industry-leading solutions our customers are demanding. The size and scope of our operations, including our investment in product development, the breadth of our portfolio, strategic customer relationships and ability to serve our customers globally are key competitive advantages. We have a track record of innovation and it is embedded in our culture. We create products and solutions with purpose-driven design that are tailor-made for frontline users in their particular workflows. Our leading portfolio of products and solutions are rugged and reliable, intuitive to use and easily integrated with other Zebra products to create a scalable platform. They also have enterprise-grade security and are fully supported by Zebra through their lifecycle. We are experts in the vertical markets we serve. We understand the business landscape in these markets and provide the solutions necessary to enable our customers to do their best work. I'll elaborate more on this in a minute. Lastly, our global partner ecosystem consists of more than 10,000 specialized partners, distributors, integrators, independent software vendors and various service providers who all play a critical role in implementing our solutions. This ecosystem is stronger than ever and augments our own capabilities, enabling us to serve more end users and drive sales growth through the channel. We have seen sharp increases in partners selling our entire product portfolio. Over the past year, the number of partners selling more than one Zebra core technology has increased by 40% and 1,600 new resellers have signed on to our partner program. Ultimately, we enable our Enterprise customers to perform better, improve customer service, enhance productivity, comply with regulations and even save lives. This summer, we will introduce our new brand positioning, which will further highlight Zebra's differentiation in the marketplace and why we are chosen most often to help our customers gain a performance edge. Slide 13 highlights the primary vertical markets that we serve, which currently account for the vast majority of our sales volume. Zebra has an intimate understanding of operational workflows in each of these verticals. Our expertise enables us to help our customers operate more efficiently and successfully navigate the challenges in their business. The pace of change is accelerating and businesses that intend to stay ahead of the curve need to invest in the type of solutions that Zebra provides. Through our research, we estimate that 64% of manufacturers expect fully connected factories by 2022, an increase of more than 20 points. 97% of nurses and physicians will use mobile devices at the bedside by 2022, an increase of more than 30 points. 72% of retailers are planning to reinvent their supply chain through automation, sensors and analytics over the next three years. And 70% of Transportation & Logistics field operations are increasing their IT budgets for Mobility through 2020. Let me further expand on Transportation & Logistics. In April, at the MODEX tradeshow in Atlanta, we showcased solutions for the warehouse and field mobility. Our solutions have resonated very well with our customers and partners. We understand that complex consumer needs and progress towards an on-demand economy are driving dramatic changes in the industry. Because of this, our customers are looking to maximize their operational efficiency, achieve a connected supply chain and deliver flawlessly. In order to execute successfully on these criteria, our customers must have superior visibility of assets, people, workflows and inventory throughout their supply chain to make smarter, more informed decisions and actions. For example, a leading European express delivery specialist has made a significant investment in optimizing their last-mile delivery process. They recently purchased our TC56 Android-powered mobile computers to arm their drivers with tools to improve the end user experience. A customized suite of applications has been loaded on the device to improve navigation, parcel delivery and connectivity to the company's centralized information system, among other benefits. There are many similar success stories in each of the vertical markets that we serve and it is translating into strong sales results. In closing, I want to thank the Zebra team for driving a strong quarter and enabling us to erase our outlook for the full year. And with that, I'll hand the call back to Mike.
Michael A. Steele - Zebra Technologies Corp.: Thanks, Anders. We'll now open the call to Q&A. We ask that you limit yourself to one question and follow-up so that we can get to as many of you as possible.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, at this time, we will begin the question-and-answer session. And our first quarter today comes from Jim Ricchiuti from Needham & Company. Please go ahead with your question.
James Ricchiuti - Needham & Company, LLC: Thank you, good morning. So, you've shown several consecutive quarters of very strong results in mobile computing. And this appears to be more than just an upgrade cycle. But I wonder if you could just give us a little bit of color in terms of where we might be in the upgrade cycle. But clearly, there's some other demand drivers that appears that are fueling this business. Thanks.
Anders Gustafsson - Zebra Technologies Corp.: First, I'd just like to put it in context, all the product categories that we have. We drove nice growth across all the lines of business that we had. And I think we did that largely through the innovation that we've introduced into the portfolio and making sure we have a very deep understanding of our customers' workflows and be able to take the data from that and reapply it into those workflows to reduce friction in those workflows. So, I think, we have a very strong value proposition and a strong portfolio across the board. Specifically to mobile computing, that was obviously the standout performance in the quarter. We had a great revenue quarter, particularly driven by Latin America, EMEA and North America. We started to see now strong strength in the channel. If you remember a few years back, it was mostly our large direct deals. Now, we've expanded this into the rest of the channel portfolio. So, we're seeing more mid-sized and smaller run-rate deals. The depth and breadth of our portfolio I think is a great differentiator. We have by far the largest or broadest portfolio of anybody in the industry, particularly around Android devices. And we're also putting a lot of emphasis on innovating, say, on top of the device. So a lot of software innovations like security with our LifeGuard service, manageability with OBS or a number of different types of applications and services through our Mobility DNA suite. But Android is the key to the growth at the moment. We have well over 50% market share for Android. So we've executed very well there. I think we feel good about the continued momentum in the Android migration. Our estimate is that there's at least another 10 million legacy Windows devices out there that needs to be upgraded. And if you look a little bit further out, I think we have some new growth drivers in that the  in North America specifically, the 3G cellular service is going to be turned down in 2021. And so all devices, Zebra or other suppliers, all our 3G devices will need to be upgraded to LTE or maybe 5G at that point also, which will be a new growth driver for us.
James Ricchiuti - Needham & Company, LLC: Anders, is there any color you could give on the verticals? Did any one area stand out either geographically or just globally in terms of retail, e-commerce, logistics, industrial?
Anders Gustafsson - Zebra Technologies Corp.: Yeah again, we had a strong performance across our four main verticals. Our solutions have become much more foundational and strategic to our customers executing on their business strategies. So we tended to be perceived maybe historically as a bit more of a tactical productivity tool. I think today, many of our customers think of us as an integral part of being able to execute on their strategies if that's omni-channel or e-commerce or what that might be. We can really drive  help them drive much greater visibility into their workflows and translate the data we get there into real actions that drive sales performance, efficiencies, customer service improvements and really provide a performance edge to frontline employees. Retail was a very strong market for us in Q1 here also. Retail is our largest vertical as you know. I think a couple of quarters ago, we talked about a retail study that we had done and I think that continues to validate the growth opportunity that we see. But retail is transforming and growing, particularly on the kind of the brick-and-mortar part of retailers. They're capitalizing on the shift to having to build those types of capabilities and I think they see us as a critical part of doing that. So, I think we've been executing very well on working with them to ensure we have the right solutions for our retail customers. But we are also seeing some new solutions that are starting to take  get  show traction in retail. So RFID will be one, SmartLens, our Personal Shopper, our flatbed scenic (25:13) scanners, the bioptic scanners and I think those are all essential parts to building out an omni-channel strategy also.
James Ricchiuti - Needham & Company, LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Coster from JPMorgan. Please go ahead with your question.
Paul J. Chung - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great. Thanks. Hi. This is Paul Chung on for Coster. Thanks for talking my question. So first question is on gross margins. You had some scale this quarter, FX benefits and margins looked like they're kind of moving in the pre-MSI range. So question is, are they sustainable at these levels on a structural change and how should we think about them long term here?
Olivier Leonetti - Zebra Technologies Corp.: So you're right. We had a very good, strong gross margin rate in Q1. The G&A of the company is based upon multiple variables, margin is one of them. We have been focusing on gross margin, particularly over the last two quarters. Our level of intensity behind this initiative has been doubling and that paid out. A few factors maybe I would highlight, so operational discipline. We played well with our mix from a product channel, vertical standpoint. Also, our Zebra Retail Solution business was very strong in the quarter and explained about 50 basis point of the margin rate improvement we had quarter-on-quarter. We saw also improvement in our sevices margin. And last, we had also some benefits from FX. I would also mention to be complete, initiatives in the COGS area playing out. So you see from my answer a series of levers, not one in particular. Now to answer to your question on sustainability, we believe that we have the ability to improve margin year-over-year. Our guide is implying this. However, we want to remain prudent and balanced and hence the guide we provided. But we see that we have, again, I repeat it, margin improvement leverage in the P&L.
Paul J. Chung - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great. Thanks. And then, my second question is on the fiscal year 2018 guidance. So, is it safe to assume, kind of, a sequential bump in 3Q similar to previous years and then possibly a weaker 4Q given the tough comp? Thank you.
Olivier Leonetti - Zebra Technologies Corp.: So, we are planning indeed for the year to grow at 6% to 9% on a nominal basis. We have increased our guide for the year by about 2 percentage point. This is going to translate for the second half into a growth profile, although low-single-digit growth. This is a balanced view, a prudent view based upon the visibility we have of the business. We're not, at this point  and I mention at this point, we're not relying on as many large orders as last year. We're investing in the run rate generation. Now, we will be nimble if needed and able to adapt to higher demand if this higher demand was to happen, yeah.
Paul J. Chung - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great. Thanks. Great quarter.
Olivier Leonetti - Zebra Technologies Corp.: Thank you.
Anders Gustafsson - Zebra Technologies Corp.: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Drab from William Blair. Please go ahead with your question.
Brian P. Drab - William Blair & Co. LLC: Hi. Thanks for taking the questions. Congratulations on a great start to the year. I guess I wanted  Olivier, if you can just elaborate on the guidance for the  the implied guidance for the second half of the year. It really looks like you'd have to maybe even take a sequential step down from the second quarter to the third quarter, that would be unusual. Is that  do you have that much visibility to where we would expect a sequential step-down?
Olivier Leonetti - Zebra Technologies Corp.: That's a fair point. We have today good visibility into Q2. And the visibility is decreasing as we go into the second half of the year. And as indicated, this is a balanced view to guide at this stage. Run rate is going to be what we're going to push for now. And if large deals were to materialize, we'd be prepared to compete and fulfill those. But we think it's the most appropriate way to guide at this stage with the visibility we have.
Anders Gustafsson - Zebra Technologies Corp.: If you look at historically, our Q3 numbers tends to be flat or at times slightly down compared to Q2. Europe usually has a bit of a step back as there's more vacation time in Europe. But it's modestly changing from Q2.
Olivier Leonetti - Zebra Technologies Corp.: Let me put another color. There was nothing fundamentally different either in the end market or macroeconomic events as well in the  reflected in the guide.
Brian P. Drab - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay. Thanks. I don't know if I'm  we're talking about different time periods but I'm looking at the third quarter last couple of years, up 3% in 2016, up 4% in 2017. I guess over a longer  over longer time period, I guess, I understand why there could be weakness in the third quarter. And can I just ask my second question though? I want to understand a little bit better on the EBITDA margin guidance just  outstanding 20.9% result in the first quarter and the guidance for the second quarter is down 200 to 250 basis points sequentially. Can you just talk a little bit more about the margin dynamics that we should expect in the second quarter for the balance of the year?
Olivier Leonetti - Zebra Technologies Corp.: Of course. So if you look at the guide for EBITDA margin, it's good to be an improvement year-on-year directionally by about a point and we will expect gross margin to be up year-on-year and OpEx to be up year-on-year. If you look at the full year, the guide at about 20% EBITDA margin would translate into about a point of a gain. Now, we have said that in other calls, we're not going to stop that, but at this stage, we believe it's a balanced way to manage the company and the P&L. We're looking at short-term performance, but also as on long-term performance. We want to invest in the business and to generate a good return and you see that this is paying out in the Q1 performance. So that's the way we want to approach the management of the P&L.
Brian P. Drab - William Blair & Co. LLC: Do you have lower margin work in the backlog for the second quarter though and it's a big step down sequentially, which I'm sorry, but I didn't really  I'm not sure you addressed that, that's a big step down sequentially.
Olivier Leonetti - Zebra Technologies Corp.: It is a step down sequentially. You have two elements on this. One, I will look at the year-on-year, point number one. And point number two, sequentially Zebra Retail Solution, which is a seasonal business, is  generated about 50 basis point of margin in Q1 and that will not obviously be present in Q2. So that would be part of the bridge.
Brian P. Drab - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay. I appreciate it. I'll follow-up more later. Thank you.
Olivier Leonetti - Zebra Technologies Corp.: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jason Rodgers from Great Lakes Review. Please go ahead with your question.
Jason A. Rodgers - Great Lakes Review: Yes. The 10 million devices still out there that you mentioned, is it possible to estimate how much of those devices belong to large versus medium and small  smaller customers?
Anders Gustafsson - Zebra Technologies Corp.: I'll start and I'll see if Joe might have some insights here also. I think it's hard to  for us to have a real detailed view of the mix of where those are. You could certainly see that the largest companies are the ones that have been generally the earliest to adopt Android. But that being said, we have some very large, frankly (34:27) T&L companies that are still working on Windows devices and I would expect that they would be upgraded in the next couple of years. So, I think it's a mix between them, but you'd certainly get more into the smaller accounts as you dig into that pile.
Joachim Heel - Zebra Technologies Corp.: Yeah. I would echo that. I think the majority of the remaining devices are likely to be in smaller end user customers and one indicator that we have for this is that the channel part of the conversion was slower to start in the early days of Android adoption, but now, we're seeing strong adoption in the channel and our channel partners driving Android conversion with their customers who tend to be smaller. So that's one indicator of it. The other indicator that we have is if we look by vertical, the vertical that still has the highest penetration of legacy Windows devices is in manufacturing, and many of the smaller manufacturers, again, have not yet made the conversion to Android, and that's where we expect a big portion of those additional 10 million  or remaining 10 million, I should say, to come from.
Jason A. Rodgers - Great Lakes Review: And margin profile on the smaller deals is higher for Zebra than the larger, correct?
Anders Gustafsson - Zebra Technologies Corp.: Yeah. It tends to be that when we deal with our largest direct customers, there's very sophisticated buyers and obviously they have a lot of power in the negotiations when they talk about such large deals. Our more run rate-oriented business tends to be executed much more around our list pricing.
Jason A. Rodgers - Great Lakes Review: And then finally, just if I could squeeze one more in. Just wondering if you're seeing anything material on the way of higher raw material costs?
Anders Gustafsson - Zebra Technologies Corp.: So, that's something we have seen for probably nine months or something now. It started mid last year with memory and batteries. So, we've been working very closely with our suppliers to make sure we have the right forecast in because lead times have also extended. And that's part of why we have put so much more emphasis on gross margin improvement plans that Olivier talked about to make sure we can offset any potential price increase that we would see from the supply chain. But this is, I think, a fairly broad-based experience now by people in the technology industries. But we feel we are in a good place and that we have secured supplies for  certainly for the next quarter or quarters and we're working closely with our partners to make sure we have adequate supply going forward and obviously negotiating hard to make sure we get the right pricing and qualify new vendors when we need to, to make sure we get the best possible price.
Jason A. Rodgers - Great Lakes Review: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Richard Eastman from Baird. Please go ahead with your question.
Richard Eastman - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Yes. Good morning. Anders, I take from your comments earlier that your best-performing vertical was retail. Could you just provide a little bit of color around the products that go into that market, I mean, if you're leading there with mobile computing or other? And then also, what is the composition of your retail business? Is it slanting towards more in-store with things like SmartLens or are you still basically kind of the back warehouse and fulfillment piece of retail? Maybe just talk to where  directionally, where the business has grown faster?
Anders Gustafsson - Zebra Technologies Corp.: Yeah. I'll start with that. And then I think Joe can provide some further color here also, but  yeah, historically, we started off in, kind of, the back of the store doing more inventory-type applications and we've migrated now to be much more in the store. So lot of sales associates now in many large retailers are carrying our devices as one of their work tools that they use all the time to make sure they can engage with customers, to answer questions and be helpful to them, even if somebody goes out and can't find a piece of merchandise they're looking for, that the sales associates can then engage with them, understand what they're looking for, see if the neighboring store has it and have them ring up the sale and ship it from the other store. So that will be a great example of how our customers now are using our devices in the store. But they also do other things in the store around price checking and inventory checking and so forth. So I would say our products are prevalent across the warehouse, the back of the retail store and the front of the retail store. Our Android mobile devices, the TC51 and TC70, are probably the mainstay on the mobile computing side now. But if you get to the warehouse side, you'll see lot more wearables and other products, the MC9000 Series products come out there. We have a lot of printing in retail, both in the back of the store and in the front of stores for price markdowns. If you do e-commerce and you buy online, pick up in store, you got to label all those bags in some ways to associate the bag with the actual consumer. So that's new applications for our printers. And also for scanners of course, we have our new flatbed scanners which are doing very well in some of the largest accounts. And we think  see that as a great growth driver for us also. So retail really does utilize the vast majority of our products. And if you look forward, I guess the last comment, we've looked forward, there are some newer technologies that are also developed for retail. So like SmartLens, that would be one example that we can take you all the way up to kind of frictionless checkout technologies.
Joachim Heel - Zebra Technologies Corp.: Okay. Maybe two  one additional thought. As you think about front of store and back of store, the other part that we're excited about is, as Anders mentioned earlier, retail is transforming and the omni-channel experience and the blurring of e-commerce and brick and mortar is a hotbed of where our products are being used in new and innovative ways. For example, as retailers introduce click and collect type of schemes, you'll find our products being used to both gather the products in the store as well as then deliver them into the trunk of a car or at a special counter. Our PSS products are being used to start a shopping experience online, prepare a shopping list and then, in the store, retrieve that shopping list, interact with customers while they're on their shopping journey and then check out. So, those are examples of where the technologies and products are used in innovative ways to blur the lines between the front and the back of the store and we're really excited about those.
Richard Eastman - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Understood. And then also, a quick question for Olivier. If you just look at the consolidated gross margin improvement, could you just, in basis points, just break out what FX, how FX benefited you? So, of the 130 basis points improvement in gross margin, adjusted gross margin, I'm just curious, just segmenting FX, was it  how many basis points did FX benefit that line?
Olivier Leonetti - Zebra Technologies Corp.: So, the margin improvement year-on-year was due to a series of factors. I wouldn't single out one in particular. Operational discipline was a driver. Service improvement margin was a driver and FX was one. But I wouldn't single one in particular. I think its broad-based improvement.
Richard Eastman - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Just from the standpoint of what does or does not reoccur, I was trying to just segment out FX. I mean, the others seem much more sustainable. I just want to  that was the thought behind the question. But I can follow-up as well. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from James Faucette from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead with your question.
James E. Faucette - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great. Thank you very much. Had a couple of follow-up questions to those that have been asked. I guess my first is, can you talk a little bit about what's happening in Europe? It looks like that number was like 13% organic growth or thereabouts, if my math is correct. And I mean, is  do you think there's any forward stocking that was going on while the dollar was weak or other things that can make that a bit more of anomalous or  yeah, just a little color on what you see happening in Europe?
Anders Gustafsson - Zebra Technologies Corp.: Yeah. Europe was very strong, right. But we saw great broad-based strength across virtually all the sub-regions. Mobile computing led the charge, but retail and T&L were strong. From a  so why is Europe growing so much faster today? I would put a lot of that down to execution. I think we have gotten our channel programs to be in very good shape and we're recruiting a lot of new partners into our program. We executed very well on the larger deals in the region also. And if there's any kind of anomaly to it, I would say maybe Europe had underinvested in our technologies a couple of years when they were going through some more difficult economic issues. And so, there could be some catch-up in that case, but we haven't really seen any evidence of that. So, it feels just like there's been good confidence in the business community in Europe and they have approved budgets and investments and I think they feel  Europe kind of feels that they're coming back and they want to compete.
James E. Faucette - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great. And then just on capital and balance sheet, as your debt levels come down, et cetera, how should we think about the uses of cash  should we still anticipate primarily more debt pay down or does it make sense for you to start to look more at acquisitions, particularly those that could continue to enhance the product portfolio? Just trying to get a sense for how we should think about uses of cashes as you hit kind of targeted debt levels.
Olivier Leonetti - Zebra Technologies Corp.: Right. So, we have been focusing on free cash flow generation and debt pay-down now for a period of time and the team has executed very well. We believe we're going to be within our range of leverage ratio mid-year this year. After that, we're going to look at options to deploy this capital. We believe that nevertheless, we have many opportunities to invest in the business to deliver attractive return for our shareholders. We're very excited by our end markets and by our ability to compete on those. So investing in the business would be an element where we will focus on.
James E. Faucette - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: And our final question today comes from Jeff Kessler from Imperial Capital. Please go ahead with your question.
Jeffrey Ted Kessler - Imperial Capital LLC: Thank you. Can you describe what improvements integrate  what improvements the new platform that you'd set up a year, a year and a half ago such as Savanna began  how they began to affect your ability to gain better margin?
Anders Gustafsson - Zebra Technologies Corp.: So, first, if you talk about kind of the broader picture about EAI, I think...
Jeffrey Ted Kessler - Imperial Capital LLC: Yeah.
Anders Gustafsson - Zebra Technologies Corp.: ...for us, EAI is something that we are very excited about and that's really enabling our devices and other intelligent infrastructures to be able to sense the data, information about assets, products and processes, what it is, where it is, how it is and this information is then analyzed to provide actionable insights to frontline employees in real time to help them reduce friction in workflows and improve productivity and enable greater insights overall to the business operations. Savanna is a critical part of this. It is a data platform that helps to easily integrate data from all these devices, mobile devices or fixed infrastructure that now is generating more insights and do some analytics of that and enable some actionable insights to be drawn, but also to work with northbound applications so that we can hand off some form of analyzed data stream to other applications that can do further analysis and draw additional insights from that. So this is a way for us to  so Savanna, you can say is the way for us to provide kind of the glue across the portfolio. We use Savanna internally as a foundational building block in OVS or in SmartLens and other things to help analyze the data, to manage the data. But we also expose this to our partners. So this is a great way for us to engage our partners to be part of our EAI strategy and offer them growth opportunities in this. And we had a partner conference in Europe, a couple of weeks back, and we had some of our more advanced partners show up on the big stage, show what they had done with Savanna and I think that went a long ways to help our other partners to understand what Savanna our data  and our services strategy is and how they can compete in it. It made EAI much less abstract, I think, further (49:05) much more real.
Jeffrey Ted Kessler - Imperial Capital LLC: So what you're saying is for your larger partners, there is a level of confidence in their use already of the platform.
Anders Gustafsson - Zebra Technologies Corp.: Yeah. We  you might remember in the fall, we started something we call the Savanna incubation...
Olivier Leonetti - Zebra Technologies Corp.: Early adopter...
Anders Gustafsson - Zebra Technologies Corp.: ...early adopter program where we brought in five or six partners to work with us on kind of highlighting certain use cases where they would take data from our devices and analyze that and then kind of give it back to our customers in a way which could be more value-add. I think that's gone very well. We're now looking to expand that with a second phase of another 5, 10 partners before we can open it up and say we now have hardened Savanna enough that we can have any and all of our partners write applications to it.
Joachim Heel - Zebra Technologies Corp.: Maybe one connection I'll draw for you to your question about margins right.
Jeffrey Ted Kessler - Imperial Capital LLC: Okay.
Joachim Heel - Zebra Technologies Corp.: If you look at the solutions that we have been developing and are piloting with customers and some of which are already commercially rolled out like Location Solutions, the SmartLens and SmartPack Solutions, they have the added feature relative to our products that they are directly linked to a business problem that a customer is trying to solve. And as such, we price these types of solutions in such a way that they deliver a great ROI for the customer. But in the process of doing that, they also deliver great margins, typically higher than our average to us as a company. So, when we do that, we can accelerate our margins by selling these solutions. The platform, Savanna, is a common platform on which we then base all of these different solutions so they give us a way to accelerate these solutions coming to market and they broaden our reach because now our partners have access to these same solutions on a faster and more accessible platform. So it has sort of a double benefit, right? On the one hand, as a platform-based development, it lowers the cost to develop; and then it acts as an accelerant to get it into the market faster for both our partners and for us.
Anders Gustafsson - Zebra Technologies Corp.: Maybe one last point will be the data we have is something that's very hard to get access to. So if you are say an IoT company sitting in a data center, you don't have data about what's happening at the frontline of business. That's the data we can capture with our mobile computers and printers and scanners and other  some of our fixed infrastructure. And then, the combination of us, also then knowing the vertical workflows of our customers very well, I think we're uniquely well positioned to be able to take that data to improve efficiency, other things for our customers' workflows, really we call it (52:05) reduced friction in those workflows. So that's something that really is resonating very well with our customers.
Jeffrey Ted Kessler - Imperial Capital LLC: Okay. One quick follow-up question. You've talked about the pipeline a bit in generalities and you talked about your, obviously, the leading vertical markets you have. Can you describe what is in the pipeline right now? I mean, not  obviously not product by product, but can you describe the nature of where that pipeline is going as you see it over the course of 2018, that may have been a little bit different from the fourth quarter moving on into the first quarter?
Joachim Heel - Zebra Technologies Corp.: So, this is Joe Heel speaking. I can maybe talk a little bit about the nature of what we're seeing. Just to reiterate, the success that we've had in the past is also mirrored in our pipeline going forward in that it is broad-based across all of our lines of business and we see the pipeline strong across all the different business units, mobile computing, scanning, printing and including our services business as well. So, we have a broad-based strength there. What we do see is that if you were to compare to last year, we do not have visibility to as many large deals in the second half as we had last year, but we see a very strong presence in the pipeline of what we would say are more mid-sized deals. And this is related to the question earlier about how we see the Android adoption and the technology conversion there occurring, right, where the  many of the large customers have done their adoption, and now many of the mid-sized and channel customers are following. So that may give you a little bit of color on the movement in the pipeline.
Jeffrey Ted Kessler - Imperial Capital LLC: Okay. Great. Thank you very much.
Anders Gustafsson - Zebra Technologies Corp.: Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that will conclude our question-and-answer session. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference call over to Anders Gustafsson for any closing remarks.
Anders Gustafsson - Zebra Technologies Corp.: Yeah. Thank you. Just as we wrap up, I just wanted to mention that I am very grateful to have the best team in the industry and a highly supportive partner community to help serve our valued customers. We could not have delivered these results without their help. Have a great day, everyone.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, the conference has now concluded. We do thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2017 Q4  (2018-02-22 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Michael A. Steele - Zebra Technologies Corp. Anders Gustafsson - Zebra Technologies Corp. Olivier Leonetti - Zebra Technologies Corp. Joachim Heel - Zebra Technologies Corp.
Analysts: Jim Ricchiuti - Needham & Company, LLC Jason A. Rodgers - Great Lakes Review Saliq Jamil Khan - Imperial Capital LLC Brian P. Drab - William Blair & Co. LLC Paul Coster - JPMorgan Richard Eastman - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. Keith Housum - Northcoast Research Partners LLC James E. Faucette - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Q4 2017 Zebra Technologies Earnings Release Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mike Steele, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Michael A. Steele - Zebra Technologies Corp.: Good morning and thank you for joining us. Before we begin, I need to inform you that certain statements made on this call include forward-looking statements, which are subject to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements reflect the company's current expectations concerning future events and are subject to a number of factors and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. A detailed discussion of these factors and uncertainties is contained in the company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. During this call, we will make reference to non-GAAP financial measures as we describe business performance. You can find reconciliations of our GAAP to non-GAAP results in today's earnings press release and at the end of this slide presentation. This presentation will include prepared remarks from Anders Gustafsson, our Chief Executive Officer; and Olivier Leonetti, our Chief Financial Officer. Anders will begin by discussing our fourth quarter highlights and full-year 2017 accomplishments. Olivier will then provide more detail on the financials and discuss our first quarter and full-year 2018 outlook. Anders will conclude with progress made on Zebra's strategic priorities. Following the prepared remarks, Joe Heel, our Senior Vice President of Global Sales, will join us as we take your questions. Please note that we recently changed the names of our two operating segments. The legacy Zebra segment has been renamed Asset Intelligence and Tracking or AIT, and the Enterprise segment is now Enterprise Visibility and Mobility or EVM. Also as a reminder, our reported financial results include the divested wireless LAN business through October of 2016. Throughout this presentation, unless otherwise indicated, our references to sales growth are year-over-year on a constant currency basis and exclude wireless LAN sales from 2016 results. This presentation is being simulcast on our website at investors.zebra.com and will be archived there for at least one year. Now, I'll turn the call over to Anders.
Anders Gustafsson - Zebra Technologies Corp.: Thank you, Mike. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Broad-based strength and excellent execution drove our fourth-quarter results. As you can see on slide 4, for the quarter we reported record sales of more than $1 billion for the first time in our history. Adjusted net sales growth of nearly 9%, with organic growth of more than 7%, an adjusted EBITDA margin of 19.9%, which was a 90 basis point year-over-year improvement. Non-GAAP diluted EPS of $2.33, a 21% increase from the prior year and $268 million of cash flow from operations. We achieved growth across all regions with particularly strong performance in Latin America, EMEA and North America. We also saw strength across all product lines with mobile computing growing above the company average, amplified by robust year-end demand. We also implemented the final steps of our debt restructuring plan. In summary Q4 was a very positive finish to the year. Overall, 2017 was a year of strong operating performance and progress on our strategy. On slide 5 we highlight four key areas of success. We completed the integration of the Enterprise business, including a global ERP system consolidation. It represented more than two-and-half years of dedication and focus by the entire Zebra team and concludes our transition to One Zebra. In 2017 we continued to extend our market leadership and deliver innovative solutions that have resonated with our partners and customers, providing them increased visibility into their operations so they can achieve higher levels of growth activity and service. Enhancements to our broad portfolio of products and solutions include additions and refreshes to the industry's broadest and most mature offering of enterprise grade Android powered mobile computing devices, expanding our leading portfolio of next-generation 2D data capture devices, being first in the industry to offer a full portfolio of smart connected printers with unrivaled manageability through our Link-OS operating system, and new innovative solutions such as SmartLens for Retail and SmartPack Trailer that further our vision and aspire to transform workflows in key vertical markets we serve. All of these solutions are backed by Zebra's data intelligence platform, Savanna, which was launched in 2017. On the capital structure side, we completed a comprehensive debt restructuring that has reduced our average interest rate by approximately 2 percentage points, generating more than $45 million of annualized interest savings. I'm also proud of our team for successfully driving strong profitable growth and cash flow. For the full year, we grew net sales 6.5%, increasing adjusted EBITDA margin by 110 basis points to 18.6%. This profitable growth, combined with disciplined working capital management generated the cash necessary to pay down $454 million of debt principal, exceeding our 2017 debt reduction goal by more than 50%. With that, I will now turn the call over to Olivier to review our financial results in greater detail and to discuss our 2018 outlook.
Olivier Leonetti - Zebra Technologies Corp.: Thank, you Anders. Let us begin with a walk through the P&L. As you can see on slide 7, sales grew 7.3% in the fourth quarter driven by solid results in each of our reporting segments and growth across all four regions. EVM segment sales increased 8.5% led by mobile computing and our robust Android powered portfolio. AIT segment sales increased 5% with growth in both printing and supplies. Sales of services were slightly higher with continued strength in our Visibility Services Applications, Zebra Retail Solutions, and Location Solutions. Turning to our regions, sales growth in North America was 7% driven by strength in mobile computing and printing products. EMEA sales increased 10%. Mobile computing led our broad-based growth across all major product categories. Sales in Asia-Pacific were up 1%. We grew sales in the quarter throughout most of the region with the exception of China. Our team has been making good progress on our previously mentioned, tailored product offering and go-to-market improvement plan. As a result, we continue to see positive momentum in end user demand and are optimistic that we'll return to growth in China later this year. Latin America sales increased 11% with exceptionally strong sales in mobile computing and data capture products. Consolidated gross profit increased $35 million from the prior period on higher sales volume. Adjusted gross margin decreased 30 basis points, primarily driven by a business mix shift to mobile computing, which included a higher volume of large orders as many customers transition to Android-powered mobile computers. Margin rate was also impacted by higher support services cost associated with the transition to insource our North American repair operations. Adjusted operating expenses increased $12 million from the prior year period, reflecting growth in the business and higher incentive compensation expense due to improved business performance. Fourth quarter 2017 adjusted EBITDA margin was 19.9%, a 90 basis point increase from the prior year period. This was driven by operating expense leverage on higher sales. In addition to EBITDA margin expansion, lower interest cost, and decreased tax drove non-GAAP earnings per diluted share to $2.33, a 21% year-over-year increase. Turning now to the balance sheet and cash flow highlights on slide 8. As a reminder, in December we completed our debt restructuring plan by redeeming the remaining $300 million of our senior notes and establishing the $180 million accounts receivable financing facility. At year-end, we add $2.2 billion of viable rate debt on the balance sheet, of which more than $500 million is hedged with interest rate swaps for 2018. In late 2017, we locked in an incremental $800 million of floating to fixed rate swaps that will become effective in December 2018 for an overall notional swap value of $1.3 billion. For the full year, we paid down $454 million of debt principal on a net basis, helped by strong operating cash flow in Q4. We shipped a significant amount of products in early Q4, resulting in a high level of cash collections within the quarter. Free cash flow was $428 million in 2017, which was $125 million more than the prior year period. This increase was primarily due to higher adjusted EBITDA, lower acquisition integration cost, lower interest payments and lower capital expenditures. We are pleased that free cash flow conversion, defined as free cash flow divided by non-GAAP net income was 113% for 2017, which exceeded our ongoing target of 100%. Slide 9 shows our path to financial de-leveraging. We have made excellent progress on debt reduction over the past three years, paying down $1 billion of debt principal and significantly reducing our net debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio to 3.2 times as of the end of 2017. We are targeting a range of 2 times and 2.5 times, which we believe we can achieve in the second half of 2018. Let us turn to our outlook on slide 10. We had a strong order backlog entering the year and we expect first quarter 2018 net sales growth to be between 7% and 10%, which assumes an approximately 260 basis point favorable impact from foreign currency translation. First quarter 2018 adjusted EBITDA margin is expected to be between 18.5% and 19%, an increase from the prior period due to solid operating expense leverage. The gross margin rate is expected to be approximately flat to slightly lower, primarily driven by an anticipated higher mix of mobile computing sales, including a higher volume of large orders and higher support services cost due to the insourcing transition that I mentioned earlier. Non-GAAP diluted EPS is expected to be in the range of $1.95 to $2.15. For the full year, we expect net sales growth to be between 4% and 7%. This includes an anticipated 2 percentage point favorable impact from foreign currency translation. Full year 2018 adjusted EBITDA margin is expected to be between 19% and 20%, an increase from the prior year period, primarily driven by operating expense leverage. For the full year 2018, we expect to generate at least $475 million of free cash flow. Although we aim to improve our cash conversion cycle, we're assuming that working capital will be a use of cash as we grow the business. Additionally, we expect Q1 to generate the lowest level of quarterly cash flow this year due to seasonality in the business, including the timing of incentive compensation payments. We expect the combination of the recent U.S. tax reform and our tax planning to reduce our non-GAAP tax rate to approximately 16% to 17% for 2018. This is a significant reduction from our 2017 rate of 22%. You can see other full year 2018 modeling assumptions on slide 10. With that, I will turn the call back to Anders to discuss progress on our strategic priorities.
Anders Gustafsson - Zebra Technologies Corp.: Thank you, Olivier. We are pleased with the progress made in 2017 and have good momentum into 2018. As you see on slide 12, we remain focused on our key priorities to build upon our industry leadership and drive shareholder value. First, we are extending our leadership in the core business through our unmatched scale, innovation and relationships with customers and partners. These factors are competitive differentiators in the traditional markets and fostering them is crucial to our ongoing success. Second, we are committing our focus and resources to drive growth in attractive adjacent markets that leverage strength in our core. We continually evaluate the opportunities in near adjacencies where we are underpenetrated as well as in emerging areas. Third, we are advancing our Enterprise Asset Intelligence or EAI vision by leveraging Zebra's deep knowledge of workflows and capitalizing on key technology trends. EAI is integral to our strategic focus at Zebra and makes our solutions unique in the marketplace. I will elaborate more on this in a moment. Our fourth area of focus is to further enhance Zebra's financial strength by increasing cash flow and optimizing our capital structure. Now turning to slide 13. Zebra is capitalizing on key trends: mobility, cloud computing and the proliferation of smart tools. Our devices and intelligent infrastructures sense information about assets, products, and processes. This information, including status and location is then analyzed to provide actionable insights to frontline employees in real-time to reduce friction in workflows, improve productivity, and enable greater insight into business operations. This EAI vision provides a digital view of the entire enterprise. Our strategy focuses on actions and outcomes that can be optimized by knowing and analyzing what's happening on a real-time basis, adding a performance edge to frontline employees. Savanna, our data intelligence platform, is an essential component of our overall offering. Savanna powers the analytics behind our cloud-based data-driven solutions by interconnecting data from sensors, devices, and intelligent infrastructures with workflow applications. Slide 14 highlights the key vertical markets that we serve. Increased demands in the marketplace are driving opportunities for growth at Zebra. Retail shoppers want more convenience and flexibility in how they purchase goods. Transportation companies need to deliver in hours rather than days, patients demand a higher quality of care at a lower cost, and manufacturers are increasing efficiencies across their value chain. Zebra has an intimate understanding of operational workflows in the key industries that we serve. Our expertise enables us to help our customers operate more efficiently and successfully navigate the changes in their business. Last month, at the National Retail Federation Expo, we showcased several solutions that help retailers meet omni-channel demands and strengthen store operations. Target Corporation had a prominent presence at our booth, demonstrating how they have leveraged our TC51 Android mobile computer for multiple applications, to enhance the in-store shopping experience for their guests. By using this solution, both in stores and distribution centers, Target is elevating their team member experience to improve productivity and guest satisfaction. We have also received large orders for the TC51 from a number of other market leaders who are investing in their businesses, making it the fastest ramping product in Zebra's history. Technology has become the basis of competition in retail and is an enabler of key transformational initiatives, from e-commerce to in-store experiences to multichannel fulfillment. Adoption of the most effective technologies is a key attribute of the winners in global retail and our success in this sector demonstrates that we are providing the right solutions. In the transportation and logistics sector, today's consumers expect shorter delivery times in an on-demand world, as the number of shipments is increasing exponentially. Our mobile devices and EAI solutions are enabling warehouses to deliver on the promise of more efficient on-time fulfillment. The manufacturing environment, values solutions that maximize the efficiency of their processes and provide traceability for safety and compliance with regulations like the FDA's Food Safety Modernization Act and the Drug Quality and Security Act. Healthcare facilities need to reduce operating costs and improve the quality of patient care delivery. Our clinical mobility solutions help achieve this objective by streamlining complex workflows, eliminating caregiver to patient operational barriers and reducing preventable medical errors. This is accomplished through automating manual work tasks and activities, unifying disparate patient health information sources and enhancing staff communication, collaboration and clinical integration with real-time location applications and operational intelligence. The adoption rate of healthcare workflow digitization is accelerating throughout the world and Zebra is a leading enabler and solutions provider. Our recently published Hospital Vision Study highlights that by the year 2022, over 95% of all nurses and physicians will be using mobile solutions to administer patient care, an increase of more than 30 points from today. There is clearly an increasing need for Zebra solutions in all the key vertical markets that we serve. In closing, I want to thank the Zebra team for continued discipline and excellence and for a strong finish to the year. We are well-positioned to succeed in 2018. With that, I'll hand the call back to Mike.
Michael A. Steele - Zebra Technologies Corp.: Thanks, Anders. We'll now open the call to Q&A. We ask that you limit yourself to one question and one follow up so that we can get to as many of you as possible.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. And the first question comes from Jim Ricchiuti from Needham & Company.
Jim Ricchiuti - Needham & Company, LLC: Hi. Good morning. Thank you. First question is just in the EVM market. You clearly had a good  a strong year. And I'm just wondering what you think the overall market growth is? Are we seeing an acceleration? It also appears that you're taking share. I'm just wondering what do you think the underlying growth rate is for that market right now?
Anders Gustafsson - Zebra Technologies Corp.: First, we are driving growth across all our product lines at the moment. And I think that's driven largely by the level of innovation that we have introduced and the breadth of our products and solutions. And I also think that the depth of our understanding of our customers' workflow, so the vertical workflows is a big driver for us. Now, specifically for mobile computing, we had a very strong quarter in Latin America, EMEA and North America. And I'd highlight three points to describe why I believe we have such strength today. I think first the depth and breadth of our portfolio is a true differentiator. We have tiered our portfolio now. So, we have new value tier products with the TC20 and TC25 and we go all the way up to our most premium, most ruggedized devices, the TC70 and the MC9000. A second key advantage would be around all the software innovations we are doing on top of the device. We are now  we've launched the LifeGuard service which is an extended security patching service, where we will provide security patching for the life of the device. So, most of our customers use their devices for much longer than, say, a consumer device and we can then make sure that they are safe for the duration of the use. Other things will be around the manageability of the device. So, our OVS services and generally the usability and how we provide or turn the control of the device back to the Enterprise versus the user with our Mobility DNA services. And the third point will be the Android transition, which I think you alluded to also here. We were the first company to launch Android products for the Enterprise and that certainly benefited us very well. We have well over 50% market share of Android devices for the Enterprise today and the majority of our mobile computing sales are now also Android, and we're seeing strong momentum and that's also to some degree supported by Microsoft, making public their intent of not launching a new Windows 10 operating system for mobile. And we believe there's continued strong demand for Android devices going forward. We think that there are about 12 million legacy Windows devices in the market that would need to be refreshed over the next several years.
Jim Ricchiuti - Needham & Company, LLC: That's helpful. If I look at your full-year guidance, it appears to assume some moderation in the growth rate over the balance of the year. Is that just a function of tougher comparisons in the back half of the year or are you seeing anything in the markets that would account for the deceleration from the growth rate that you're starting the year at?
Olivier Leonetti - Zebra Technologies Corp.: So, let me  before I answer specifically to your question, a bit of an overall theme. We believe that the company has a very strong competitive position and we also believe that we are facing a very solid global macroeconomic environment. Specifically, for you question, we're going to grow 2018 at 4% to 7% on a nominal basis. That's a respectable growth rate. Two reasons for this, reason number one, tougher compare to your point, but also a prudent approach to planning. We have today a relatively strong visibility for the first half of the year. You can see that in the strong guide for Q1, but our visibility is less strong in the second half. However, we are confident about the growth profile of the company. We have said in our opening remarks that we have many avenues to grow the company, either through core or adjacent markets. And we are prepared to be nimble to face higher demand as this higher demand was to come.
Jim Ricchiuti - Needham & Company, LLC: Okay. Thank you. Congratulations on the year by the way.
Anders Gustafsson - Zebra Technologies Corp.: Thank you.
Olivier Leonetti - Zebra Technologies Corp.: Thank you, Jim.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question comes from Jason Rodgers of Great Lakes Review.
Jason A. Rodgers - Great Lakes Review: Yes. I just wanted to ask about the mobile space. Wondering if you're seeing now an acceleration of these large deals given the Microsoft change? And I wondered also if you could talk about your progress in penetrating smaller customers in the EVM segment?
Anders Gustafsson - Zebra Technologies Corp.: Yeah. So, in 2017, we saw a lot of larger enterprises make the transition to our Android All-touch devices. So, it was a high proportion of large deals, particularly in retail for us in 2017. We expect that there will continue to be a good number of large deals, but there is also a finite amount of very large customers. So, we put a lot of effort into driving Android into the channel, and we've seen good progress in that. Our distribution partners are seeing very strong growth for Android in their businesses, too. And we're doing a lot of things to help educate the market and create  help create the end market demand for that. I'll also let Joe Heel here provide some more details.
Joachim Heel - Zebra Technologies Corp.: Yes. If you look at this Android migration that has been going on and has been quite strong. We've seen adoption by many retailers with these large deals that certainly put a big mark on 2017. But we also know that there's still a substantial amount of transition that needs to occur. Anders mentioned the number of about 12 million mobile computers which we think are still out there. And we see that a lot of those customers are in segments like warehousing and manufacturing where there are certain structural reasons why the adoption process takes a little bit longer. And many of those customers are also reached by our channel partners. And so, we see that there's a lot of potential for our channel partners this year and in the following years to penetrate those segments, manufacturing and warehouse in particular and drive continued growth from Android conversion for us.
Jason A. Rodgers - Great Lakes Review: And also, I wonder if you could talk about performance by vertical in the quarter and if you're seeing any acceleration in raw material cost? Thank you.
Anders Gustafsson - Zebra Technologies Corp.: Yes. So, on the verticals, I'd say, first, we have become now much more of an enabler of our customers' top priorities and business strategies. So, we're much more closer to them and much more of a partner to our customers today. And we are driving growth across all our verticals by increasing workflow efficiencies or how we call it, reducing friction in workflows. We're also providing real-time guidance to frontline employees to ensure that they can take better  make better decisions, be more effective in their jobs. And we are helping our customers enhance their customer or in healthcare situation, their patients' experience. So we're doing a lot of things across our verticals to position ourselves to help address their biggest business drivers. If I go through the verticals here, I'd say, first, starting with retail and e-commerce. That's been a strong vertical for us for a long time and we saw very solid growth in 2017 and a very strong finish to the year, too. I think in the last earnings call, we talked a bit about our Retail Vision Study. And I think the growth we are seeing is validating the outcome, so the conclusions we had in that study. Most people are fully aware that retail is now transforming, but it's also growing. And we are both capitalizing and helping our retail customers pursue the shift from traditional, say, brick-and-mortar retail to e-commerce and omni-channel. And as I  virtually all our brick-and-mortar retailers are embracing our technologies to help them execute their growth strategies. And our solutions and the Android transitions are central to many of those growth strategies, but we're also seeing some newer solutions like RFID, SmartLens, our Personal Shoppers, which are essential to omni-channel and frictionless checkout to gain momentum continue to do very well for us. Moving on to healthcare, that's been the fastest growing vertical for us for some time and we would expect that to continue. That's really being driven or the catalyst for that has been the introduction of electronic health records. But when you couple that with the value propositions we have in healthcare which is, to both improve the patient care, as well as drive greater efficiencies, we're able to build quite a strong momentum for our solutions and we've seen a great ramp for some of our newer solutions that we introduced in 2017, like the healthcare versions of both the TC51 mobile computer and our DS8100 scanner. And we  also on the EAI side we're making progress. We had a nice win recently for an RFID asset tracking solution at a large Northeastern healthcare provider. And lastly, I'll touch on the transportation logistics also. There we've seen solid growth and it's really supported by strong secular growth trends driven by the shift to ecommerce. So, both the delivery and the number of packages going through the systems are much greater. Our newer products like the TC75x and TC56 have had great impact. And it's certainly driven our  helped drive our growth in that segment but we're also seeing some of our newer solutions like SmartPack and trailer load analytics or trailer load compliance demonstrate our leadership, our thought leadership in the industry. And we have a number of growing pilots and proof of concepts with many leading customers in that area.
Olivier Leonetti - Zebra Technologies Corp.: And let me answer to your second question on raw materials. Your question was do we see an increase? We see an increase today on some categories, on some categories only. And we have been working also for a few quarters now on COGS improvement plan and we believe that those actions will materialize in the P&L in the second half of this year and we should see a margin uptick because of those.
Anders Gustafsson - Zebra Technologies Corp.: Yeah. We have had a strong culture of working on gross margin improvement plans. We had our value  design to value programs that we ran hard a couple of years ago. And now, we see some, memories particularly, see some increases there, but we are looking to then transition to new platforms on many of our products. By late this year that we start, introduce different type of memory technologies that would be lower priced. But we've always had the ability to drive sufficient overall cost reductions to offset any material increases or price erosion to make sure that we can maintain stable to improving gross margins and that's clearly our intent.
Jason A. Rodgers - Great Lakes Review: That's a great summary. Thank you.
Olivier Leonetti - Zebra Technologies Corp.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question comes from Saliq Khan with Imperial Capital.
Saliq Jamil Khan - Imperial Capital LLC: Hi. Good morning, everyone.
Anders Gustafsson - Zebra Technologies Corp.: Good morning.
Michael A. Steele - Zebra Technologies Corp.: Good morning.
Saliq Jamil Khan - Imperial Capital LLC: Just a few questions, certainly a very good quarter for you. Can you give us a little bit of highlight on what it is that you had heard at the recent NRF Conference that is giving you confidence that the retailers now are willing to go ahead and open up their wallets and invest in some of the retail technologies that you spoke about and have been looking at for the last couple of years?
Anders Gustafsson - Zebra Technologies Corp.: Yeah. I'd go back to some of the comments I made earlier. First, the NRF was  we thought NRF was a great show for us. We had more traffic in our booth. We had more executive meetings. We had more closed door meetings there where we showed some newer things, that weren't quite on the floor. So, we had lots of good feedback from the show and felt that was a good start to the year for us. The themes that we've seen over the last year I think is continuing. We have gone from having been maybe viewed as more of a tactical productivity tool historically, to now being a much more strategic enabler of our retail customers' business plans. So, they are much more interested in figuring out how to work with us and how to incorporate our technologies to execute on their omni-channel or ecommerce strategies. So, when you look at then also our newer solutions ranging from mobile printers to scanners and mobile computers, as well as the more futuristic, say SmartX-type solutions. We feel we're well positioned to be able to address a number of those growing needs that our customers have. So, we feel good about what's going on in retail for us. Joe, maybe some more comments from you?
Joachim Heel - Zebra Technologies Corp.: Yeah. I'll add maybe a few things specifically that we observed. I think for us a big highlight was that one of our customers, Target, was present very visibly in our booth. That, I think was  is not very common at the shows and was for us a great honor, but also a great opportunity to showcase one of the key trends that you observed at the show which was a trend toward mobile point of sale. Our TC56, coupled with mobile payment solutions, was the heart of what we showed there. Another highlight undoubtedly was Personal Shopping. A trend which started in Europe but we're seeing increasingly opportunities in other regions as well, where an Enterprise-based device is in the hands of a customer and they are scanning as they go through a store. We did see strong interest  continued strong interest in automated solutions such as SmartLens, right, where we give continuous real-time visibility to all of the inventory in a store or department of the store and are able to greatly automate and improve productivity in the store. So, those are three examples of highlights from the show, perhaps.
Saliq Jamil Khan - Imperial Capital LLC: If I think about the strong growth that you've spoken about earlier and then again highlighted during NRF, the RFID, the analytics, all these things that were not happening before, we're finally to a point that it is happening. So, if you think about from a priority perspective, retailers have been inundated with all these technologies from a backlog perspective that they wanted to do. And then you take a look at cyber security and some of the other solutions that are out there. Where do you believe the Zebra technology ranks in that purchasing priority for the retailers?
Anders Gustafsson - Zebra Technologies Corp.: It's a little hard to tell you kind of how exactly how we rank because it does depend on the retailer and say there are certainly competing priorities. So, we're not the only priority. Now if somebody needs to have a  in order to have an ecommerce or omni-channel strategy, they got to have a website that can take orders. That will be a high priority, too. But clearly, we are much more  a much higher priority and viewed as an essential part to this. So, we feel good about how we are positioned with our solutions to be able to address many of the bigger pain points or priorities that our retail customers have.
Joachim Heel - Zebra Technologies Corp.: I might add, I can only echo that, right. If you think about the challenges that the retail customers are reflecting to us in our conversations with them, they would say, on the one hand, they need to compete in an omni-channel environment and they want to make their store more productive and a better experience. And we enabled both of those priorities for the retailers. And as such, I think we rank relatively highly in their desire to make those priorities a reality.
Saliq Jamil Khan - Imperial Capital LLC: Just last one last question on my end. Everyone has been talking about IoT and OT. Could you kind of highlight briefly what Zebra is doing to be able to converge the IT with the OT to bring about better efficiency?
Anders Gustafsson - Zebra Technologies Corp.: Yes. So, we kind of branded our IoT strategy, Enterprise Asset Intelligence, and we talked quite a bit about that in our prepared remarks. But, first, we're very excited about what we're doing within Enterprise Asset Intelligence and it's been resonating very well with our customers, our employees, our partners and it is very integral to everything we do across all our product lines. But the essence of it is this framework we have of sense, analyze, and act. So, we look at how do we enable our customers to sense what's happening in the physical world, in the real world, and then analyze that information and draw actionable insights in real time that help our customers reduce friction in workflows as an example. Some examples of how that's embedded in all our products will be, Link-OS as an example, for printing. We make our printers the most  best connected and networked, best managed devices in the industry. We have OVS that provides visibility into mobile printing or mobile computer fleets. And then, we have more like Smart infrastructure, like SmartLens, SmartPack and others, which provides lots of insights about what's going on in a store or in a warehouse. And we see good progress across all of these areas with the number of pilots and some rollouts. So, yeah, we're very excited about what's going on with EAI, and maybe Joe can help some  give some more specifics.
Joachim Heel - Zebra Technologies Corp.: 2017 I think for us in the area of IoT or as we term it EAI, was a year in which we had some really tangible progress. We introduced two of the dedicated EAI solutions, the SmartLens solution that I mentioned earlier for retail and then the SmartPack solution for logistics and T&L at trade shows in the first half of the year. And as a result of that, we have launched and have underway a series of pilots with large customers, where they are evaluating not only the technology, but the business cases that those technologies enable for them. And in the second half, we launched, as you will recall from our last conference call here, the Savanna platform, which is really a force multiplier for our IoT strategy, in that it gives our partners access to all the data coming off our devices, sensors and infrastructures, so that their applications can enable additional use cases for those customers. So, we're very pleased with the tangible progress that we've been able to make in this area of our strategy.
Saliq Jamil Khan - Imperial Capital LLC: Great. Thank you, both.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question comes from Brian Drab with William Blair.
Brian P. Drab - William Blair & Co. LLC: Hi. Good morning. Congrats on the great year and quarter.
Anders Gustafsson - Zebra Technologies Corp.: Thank you.
Brian P. Drab - William Blair & Co. LLC: Just a couple questions. So, I'm wondering if you could talk a little bit more first on what's happening in China. Is that still primarily a channel issue? And just a little more depth in terms of what corrective actions you're taking to drive growth there?
Anders Gustafsson - Zebra Technologies Corp.: Yes. So globally, we had a very strong quarter with crossing the $1 billion mark first time in our history. Specific to Asia-Pacific, I'd say, Asia-Pac had a very strong performance outside of China. So, most of our sub regions within Asia-Pac had very good growth, led by Australia, which had an outstanding performance. You should remember though, China is less than half of our Asia-Pac sales and Asia-Pac is about 15% of our total. So, China was still down year-over-year but we are gaining good momentum and we are seeing good proof points that our  the improvement plans we put in are having effect and we are fully expecting to see growth resume later this year in China. We've seen great progress on our go-to-market improvement plan as well as the new tailored product offerings that we've introduced. So, we introduced several value tier products designed to be able to compete better in China and other emerging markets. And longer term, we certainly expect Asia-Pacific including China to be a strong profitable growth driver for us.
Brian P. Drab - William Blair & Co. LLC: Great thank you. And then I was wondering if you could give us your perspective on the competitive landscape if there are any. How do you perceive what appears to be a rather aggressive new product introduction year for Honeywell and Android and are you seeing them more bidding for big projects or has that competitive landscape kind of changed or is it changing?
Anders Gustafsson - Zebra Technologies Corp.: I'd say first that we are operating in some very attractive growth markets with strong secular trends supporting that growth and we are continuing to drive profitable share gains like we have for quite a few years now and are starting to feel like we have a bit of track record in being able to do that. I do believe that we have some strong competitive advantages that's making our position very defensible. We have the broadest portfolio of products and as I said there's the virtual cycle between that and our partners, that the broader our portfolio is, the more partners we can attract. And the more partners we have the more revenue we get, which enables us to reinvest in products and expand the portfolio and recruit more partners. So that's I think, a moat that's very difficult for competitors to replicate. It certainly will take a lot of time and money. And if you have one or two products, it will be difficult to compete against the full portfolio that we have. But we also introduced a lot of new innovation into our portfolio and got a lot of momentum and strong market share positions now which are all helping us I think. And I'd say, we have a  one of the differentiators is our team. We clearly have the best team in the industry and we've been executing very well on a number of complex tasks. I'll say we're quite pleased with how we completed the complex integration of the Enterprise business, while also growing market share at the same time. So  and I think also EAI is something that resonates with our customers and provides some thought leadership. And all that being said, we've always competed in competitive environments. We used to have to compete for our daily bread and I don't expect it to be anything different going forward.
Brian P. Drab - William Blair & Co. LLC: Got it. Thanks, Anders.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question comes from Paul Coster with JPMorgan.
Paul Coster - JPMorgan: Yeah. Thanks for taking the question. It looks like the second half of this year will be down to the target leverage ratio at which point as we look into 2019, approximately $0.5 billion of free cash flow comes available. Can you talk a little bit about what the capital allocation strategy is likely to be? Are we going to see a return to old school Zebra, where you do lots of share buybacks?
Olivier Leonetti - Zebra Technologies Corp.: So, your calculations are correct and as we reach the end of this year, we'll look at, again, what we do with this cash. We believe that below a leverage ratio of 2 times, accumulation of cash in the balance sheet would not be appropriate return for our shareholders. So, we look at all options when we come to this. One of them could be share buyback, but that could be one.
Paul Coster - JPMorgan: Okay. Got it. And then, Anders, can you talk a little bit about the product cadence and investment strategy in R&D? It sounds like proportionately more is going into software development. But I'm just wondering is there any chance that you'll start to explore some adjacencies with new product categories in 2018, 2019?
Anders Gustafsson - Zebra Technologies Corp.: Yeah. We are  as a technology company, we are dependent on having a fresh and vibrant portfolio to  that can deliver true value to our customers. So, we certainly want to continue to drive innovation across the portfolio. And I think we've done a nice job of that over the last couple of years. The  we have talked about some of the adjacencies. I would highlight things like support  sorry, services and supplies as two key ones. We think there is great opportunities for us to expand there. We can leverage the strength we have in our core business to build a stronger presence there. And those markets are quite fragmented, so we feel that's a good position for us  or good markets for us to enter or expand in I should say, we're already in them.
Joachim Heel - Zebra Technologies Corp.: But perhaps one other thought, as you think about adjacencies, don't just think about product terms, like software or services or hardware, but also think about solutions, the solutions that we've been talking about like SmartLens and SmartPack are a combination of hardware, software and services, and we're definitely investing in building those kinds of capabilities on top of the data platform, Savanna that we introduced. We think those will drive positive business cases for our customers in across our verticals and will enable us to grow the breadth of the portfolio that we really have.
Paul Coster - JPMorgan: Okay. Makes sense. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question comes from Richard Eastman with Baird.
Richard Eastman - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Yes. Good morning. Just, Anders, could you maybe speak to, as we've kind of pivoted towards growth with the debt reduction here and our leverage ratio coming down, we kind of pivot towards growth. Should we expect that maybe this software and services category to start to reflect some of these initiatives on the R&D side, some of the solutions approach. But should we start to expect with this kind of growth focus that the software and solutions category, roughly $500 million of revs would start to accelerate as a reflection of those investments?
Anders Gustafsson - Zebra Technologies Corp.: Yeah. So, first, I'd say when we  we've been making significant investment in software. But software is something that is permeating our entire portfolio. So, today, well over half of our engineers are software engineers, but many of our  we often monetize that software as part of a device. So, it's not always broken out as software, right?
Richard Eastman - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Yeah.
Anders Gustafsson - Zebra Technologies Corp.: But we do expect our services business to start showing more attractive growth as we move through 2018 here. And that's both going to be driven by say the traditional services business, but also from some of these new types of solutions. But you've got to remember just it's a modest base today. But we expect faster growth and the sales cycle is a bit longer but we certainly feel that we are well positioned to continue to drive growth for our software and services from these new attractive solutions.
Richard Eastman - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Is some of that going to be dependent on being pulled through some of the service offerings being pulled through the channel?
Anders Gustafsson - Zebra Technologies Corp.: Our  the sequencing of this is that new types of solutions and these tend also to be a bit more complicated. We, as the manufacturer or the OEM, generally have to prove it in the market, get some reference accounts. And once we have that, we can recruit partners to start selling that and ramping around that. I think we have good examples of that in some of our more complex solutions where we've started to bring in partners very purposefully. The Savanna accelerated program that we talked about last time is a great example of that. And we have, in Q2 we will start having our Channel Partner Summits around the world. And at that point, we will have a lot of discussions around how we can enable our partners to participate in that growth.
Richard Eastman - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Okay. And then just a quick question for Olivier. When you speak to 2018 and your EBITDA expectation of 19% to 20%, can I ask you what currency assumption accretion goes into that 19% to 20%? Is it a point or?
Olivier Leonetti - Zebra Technologies Corp.: So, we haven't been specific about this. Just a bit of color about FX, so, it's obviously a favorable trend now. But I would like to say that we have one-fourth of our business which is exposed to FX trends, it's the euro. And we have a hedging program which hedge our exposure 50% 12-month out and 80% as we enter into a particular quarter. So, we don't have the full impact of FX when the FX is for or against us. And going back at EBITDA, we have  it's obviously an important metric for us, EBITDA rate. As I alluded to earlier, we have various levers to achieve this rate. But ultimately our goal is to drive EBITDA and EPS dollars. And we feel optimistic about how we are positioned today as a company to achieve an attractive return there.
Richard Eastman - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Okay. And maybe just the other thought I just had is with the ETR that you're kind of forecasting for the first quarter, I presume, that that's a pretty good estimate for the full year. Do you have a sense of  in your free cash flow guidance, do you have a sense of how much that lower ETR would contribute to your free cash flow? I mean, my math says maybe $40 million or $45 million might be in that $475 million estimate?
Olivier Leonetti - Zebra Technologies Corp.: Right. Let me answer differently to your question. So the $475 million of free cash flow and our free cash flow conversion which we want to be at 100% of non-GAAP net income, that is contemplating the impact of the new tax rate for the company.
Richard Eastman - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Okay. All right. That's helpful. I can derive it. Okay. Thank you.
Olivier Leonetti - Zebra Technologies Corp.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question comes from Keith Housum with Northcoast Research.
Keith Housum - Northcoast Research Partners LLC: Good morning, gentlemen, and congratulations on a good quarter. If I can follow up on his question there, if I look at the FX tailwind you guys have now and the headwinds you had just three years ago and the impact it had on adjusted EBITDA, would you guys allow the adjusted EBITDA margins to go above your 18% to 20% range just purely because of the benefit from the FX tailwinds?
Olivier Leonetti - Zebra Technologies Corp.: The answer is yes. We're not going to stop obviously at the range, and as I said, Keith, we have many levers to achieve these goals. But clearly FX is going to be a favorable trend for the company, not only on the top line but also profitability and we're driving our teams excluding impact of FX. That's why we were able to navigate through an unfavorable FX environment in the past and that's why we want to maximize the impact of FX going forward. We track our performance excluding this, Keith.
Anders Gustafsson - Zebra Technologies Corp.: Yeah, I don't think you need to think of the 20% as some form of barrier that we will purposefully not try to break through. We would like to break through that and stay above that too for that matter.
Keith Housum - Northcoast Research Partners LLC: Great. Thank you. And then if I could follow up on the questions before regarding China. Understanding some of the challenges you have there. Are the challenges in the different verticals that you guys have between the mobile computers, the printers, and data scanners or is it more centralized in one product category or another?
Anders Gustafsson - Zebra Technologies Corp.: I'll start and I'll let Joe also respond to this one, but it included all the main product lines but I'll say printing has made more progress getting on it. We had year-over-year growth in printing in Q4. We saw a great uptick in acceptance of our new industrial printers, the tabletop printers that we launched in the second half of last year for  in China. They are going to all the big contract manufacturers, but the  we saw a good sequential revenue uptick for our mobile computers and scanners also. So, we feel that it is progressing very nicely and we have expanded our partners into  and expanded geographically into new areas in China. So, there's a number of things that we're doing to position us for better growth, but also making sure we have a portfolio of products that are suitable for China.
Keith Housum - Northcoast Research Partners LLC: Great. And if I could squeeze one more in here. The benefit from tax reform, are you guys reinvesting that back into the business at all? Or is most of that going to fall just to the bottom line?
Olivier Leonetti - Zebra Technologies Corp.: So, we are going to do both. First of all, we want to invest in the business, in R&D, in sales and also in our talent. But also, we want our shareholders to benefit from the reform. And let me give you a bit of pointers, our tax rate non-GAAP was 22%. The tax reform will allow us to go to a rate of about 18% and then the 18% to 16% is due to a tax restructuring plan we have in place. This plan is now going to allow us to fully optimize the tax structure of the company and the tax reform has been a really a vector of acceleration of the implementation of this plan. But the very attractive tax rate is due to two factors. James  yeah.
Keith Housum - Northcoast Research Partners LLC: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And the last question today comes from James Faucette with Morgan Stanley.
James E. Faucette - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thank you very much. You've answered most of my questions but I had a couple of follow ups. I guess my first is when you look at FX and the changes there, I appreciate you're hedging at least part of that. But is that having any impact on customer behavior? Is it helping them close projects and deals faster or upsize those, et cetera? And then my second question is you kind of highlighted some of the strengths of the different verticals that you're in and they all seem to be doing quite well. But I'm wondering if we should expect a meaningful change in the relative contributions of those verticals over the next several years? Are you seeing any one of them grow meaningfully faster or start to grow meaningfully faster with better prospects than another, et cetera? Thank you.
Olivier Leonetti - Zebra Technologies Corp.: So first, I think you asked if tax reform is a driver for demand.
Anders Gustafsson - Zebra Technologies Corp.: FX.
Michael A. Steele - Zebra Technologies Corp.: FX.
James E. Faucette - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: No, sorry. FX.
Olivier Leonetti - Zebra Technologies Corp.: FX, yeah. So, FX is really has effect for Europe where we sell in euros and the difference in  when the euro go up or down a percent say, we don't necessarily adjust pricing. So it does not have a big impact on demand. We try to make sure that we mask that as much as we can. Obviously, when we see a very substantial longer term change in FX, we will adjust our price list, like we did back in 2015, I think it was. So, but I wouldn't think of FX as a growth driver. It's probably more an improvement of our margins, if anything. And the second part of your question was I think about the relative growth of the various verticals that we have. I'm not sure I want to be overly specific about how  what growth rate we expect from each vertical by year but we do see great growth potential for each of our vertical markets. There are strong secular trends that support growth in all of them. Go back to retail and ecommerce the whole shift towards e-commerce and omni-channel is a big transformation for the retail industry and to execute on that you need to deploy more technology. Either in the hands of your sales associates or in more smarter infrastructures like a SmartLens product. Healthcare, with the debate in the U.S. around how to get healthcare costs to be lower. What can be better than improving the quality of care because there was also talk about pay for outcomes? But also, we do drive a lot of efficiencies there and it's a market that we talked about from our healthcare study here, that's substantially underpenetrated we believe and should see much greater adoption of technology, particularly in the hands of caregivers. And transportation logistics, again ecommerce is a big driver for them. The volume of packages is increasing exponentially. The number of deliveries they're having to do is increasing very substantially. So, how can we help them drive more efficiencies, improve their service level agreements and so forth? I think that's a strong driver for us. And in manufacturing, there's a strong push across manufacturing to improve the value of tiers or across their processes and we see good opportunities for us to participate there. And also, as Joe mentioned earlier, this is the vertical that it has progressed the least, when it comes to Android conversion.
Joachim Heel - Zebra Technologies Corp.: Yeah. Yeah. I was going to emphasize that. I think we have a lot of potential ahead of us in sectors where warehousing is prevalent. So, transportation, logistics and manufacturing are ones where there's an Android-driven growth that we do expect. And one other addition on your  it's more of a secondary effect on your FX question. We obviously sell in a number of countries in U.S. dollars, that don't have the U.S. dollar as their currency. The weakness of the U.S. dollar has helped us in some of those countries, Mexico would be a good example, right, where that does help us.
James E. Faucette - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And as that was the last question. The conference has now concluded and this concludes our question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the call back over to Mr. Gustafsson for any closing remarks.
Anders Gustafsson - Zebra Technologies Corp.: So in 2017, we extended our lead in the markets we serve and exceeded our financial targets. So, we are very encouraged about our momentum into 2018 and are well-positioned for success. I appreciate all the hard work and dedication of our employees and the support of our partners and customers. And with that, have a great day, everyone.
Operator: Thank you. The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-11-07 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Michael Steele - VP, IR Anders Gustafsson - CEO Olivier Leonetti - CFO Joachim Heel - SVP, Global Sales
Analysts: Jim Ricchiuti - Needham & Company Jason Rodgers - Great Lakes Review Brian Drab - William Blair Meta Marshall - Morgan Stanley Paul Coster - JPMorgan Keith Housum - Northcoast Research Matthew Cabral - Goldman Sachs Andrew Spinola - Wells Fargo & Company Jeremie Capron - ROBO Global Richard Eastman - Robert W. Baird
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Third Quarter 2017 Zebra Technologies Earnings Release Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mike Steele, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Michael Steele: Good morning and thank you for joining us. Before we begin, I need to inform you that certain statements made on this call include forward-looking statements, which are subject to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements reflect the company's current expectations concerning future events and are subject to a number of factors and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. A detailed discussion of these factors and uncertainties is contained in the company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. During this call, we will make reference to non-GAAP financial measures as we describe business performance. You can find reconciliations of our GAAP to non-GAAP results in today's earnings press release and at the end of the slide presentation. Today's conference call and slide presentation will include prepared remarks from Anders Gustafsson, our Chief Executive Officer, and Olivier Leonetti, our Chief Financial Officer. Anders will begin by discussing our third quarter highlights and key drivers of the results. Olivier will then provide more detail on the financials and discuss our fourth quarter outlook. Anders will conclude with discussion of recent progress made on Zebra's strategic priorities and an update on our positioning in the retail and e-commerce sector. Following the prepared remarks, Joe Heel, our Senior Vice President of Global Sales, will join us as we take your questions. As a reminder, our reported financial results include the divested wireless LAN business through October 2016. Through this presentation, our references to sales growth are year-over-year on a constant currency basis and exclude wireless LAN's sales from 2016 results. This presentation is being simulcast on our website at investors.zebra.com, and will be archived there for at least one year. Now I will turn the call over to Anders.
Anders Gustafsson: Thank you, Mike. Good morning everyone, and thank you for joining us. As you see on slide five, our team delivered solid third quarter results, including adjusted net sales of $936 million with organic growth of nearly 6%, an adjusted EBITDA margin of 19.2%, which was a 110 basis point year-on-year improvement, and non-GAAP EPS of $1.87, a 31% increase from last year. Each of these metrics exceeded our guidance range. In the quarter, we continued to extend our market leadership and delivered innovative solutions to our customers that provide them increased visibility into their operations.  We achieved growth across all regions led by EMEA and Latin America. We also saw strength across all product lines with data capture, mobile computing and printing, each growing above the company average. The broad-based strength in the quarter reflected growth in the channel. In addition, we continued to build our pipeline of larger opportunities, resulting in a strong backlog position as we entered the fourth quarter. We accomplished this while exiting all remaining transition service agreements related to the Enterprise acquisition as well as executing on our debt restructuring plan. With that, I will now turn the call over to Olivier to review our financial results in greater detail and to discuss our fourth quarter outlook.
Olivier Leonetti: Thank you, Anders. Let us begin with a walk through the P&L. As you can see on slide seven, sales grew 5.9% in the third quarter, driven by solid results in each of our reporting segments and growth across all four regions. Enterprise segment sales increased 5.5%. Investments to refresh our data capture portfolio, including the expansion of our tiered offerings, are translating into solid growth. Mobile computing continues its momentum with our industry-leading Android-powered portfolio. Pre-transaction Zebra segment sales increased 6.6% with growth in printing and supplies. Sales of services were slightly higher with strength in our visibility services applications, location solutions, and Zebra retail solutions. Turning to our regions, sales growth in North America was 5%, driven by strength in mobile computing and printing products. EMEA sales increased 8%. We saw broad-based traction across mobile computing, data capture, and printing products. Sales in Asia-Pacific were up 2%. As a reminder, prior-year sales were negatively impacted by $7 million of price concessions related to duties previously imposed on printers imported into China. We grew sales in the quarter throughout most of the region with particular strength in Australia. China was the exception where, as we discussed last quarter, we are experiencing softness in our printing and data capture businesses. We consider China a long term growth driver of our business and our team is making good progress on a go-to-market improvement plan and tailored product offering. Latin America sales increased 9%. We saw exceptionally strong sales in mobile computing and data capture products in the quarter. Consolidated adjusted gross margin increased 10 basis point from the prior-year period. This was mainly due to the previously mentioned price concession to distributors of printer products imported into China last year and favorable changes in business mix. These factors were partially offset by temporarily higher supply chain costs due to the regional consolidation of distribution centers as well as higher support services cost associated with the in-sourcing of North American repair operations. Adjusted operating expenses declined $3 million from the prior-year period, a 130 basis point improvement as a percentage of sales. The reduction reflects lower healthcare, legal and professional fees, partially offset by higher incentive compensation expense due to improved business performance. Third quarter 2017 adjusted EBITDA margin was 19.2%, a 110 basis point increase from the prior-year period. This was driven by higher gross profit and lower operating expenses. Non-GAAP earnings per diluted share increased to $1.87 in the third quarter, an increase of 31% from the prior-year period. Lower interest costs also contributed to the sharp increase in non-GAAP EPS. Integration expenses were $4 million in Q3, down from $28 million in the prior-year period. As Anders mentioned, we exited all remaining transition service agreements with Motorola Solutions in late July. Turning to slide eight, as a reminder, in July, we announced a comprehensive debt restructuring plan, which will reduce our average interest rate by approximately 2 percentage points and drive more than $45 million of annual interest savings. In August, we redeemed $750 million of our 7.25% senior notes. We plan to redeem the remaining $300 million of the senior notes on December 4th through lower cost financing arrangements, including an accounts receivable securitization facility. Turning now to the balance sheet and cash flow highlights on slide nine, as of the end of the third quarter, we had $2.5 billion of debt on the balance sheet. We have paid down $187 million of debt principal year-to-date on a net basis, essentially in line with our expectations. In Q3, we were a net borrower of $53 million due to one-time debt restructuring cost and temporary high working capital needs. Free cash flow was $174 million year-to-date, which was $29 million less than the prior-year period. This decrease was primarily due to a significant and temporary inventory build through the end of the third quarter. This mainly related to a backlog build in anticipation of a strong Q4, much of which shipped in October. Slide 10 shows our path to financial deleveraging. Our top priority for cash flow and excess cash balances is to pay down debt. Our net debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio was 3.6 times as of the end of the third quarter, which is down from more than 5 times as of the close of the Enterprise acquisition in late 2014. Our profitable growth and strong free cash flow profile continue to provide us confidence in achieving a debt leverage ratio of less than 3 times by mid-2018. Let's turn to our outlook on slide 11. For the fourth quarter of 2017, we expect the growth in adjusted net sales to be between 3% and 6%. We expect organic net sales growth between 2% and 5%. This growth expectation excludes a 2 percentage point positive impact from foreign currency translation and approximately 1 percentage point adverse impact from wireless LAN. Fourth quarter 2017 adjusted EBITDA margin is expected to be in the range of 19% to 20%, an increase from the prior-year period. This rate assumes flat to slightly lower gross margin due to an anticipated higher mix of large orders. Additionally, we expect adjusted operating expenses to be favorable to the prior-year period as a percentage of sales. Non-GAAP diluted EPS is expected to be in the range of $2 and $2.20. For the full year 2017, we continue to expect to pay down at least $300 million of debt, which is supported by higher EBITDA, lower integration expenses, lower capital expenditures as well as reduced cash on hand. Following a significant inventory increase through the third quarter, the trend is reversing and working capital is expected to be a significant source of cash in the fourth quarter. You can see other full year 2017 modeling assumptions on slide 11 with modest adjustment to interest and stock-based compensation expenses. With that, I will turn the call back to Anders to discuss progress on our strategic priorities.
Anders Gustafsson: Thank you, Olivier. Overall, we are pleased with the progress made in the third quarter and our outlook for the fourth quarter. As you see on slide 13, we are focused on several areas to build upon our industry leadership and drive shareholder value. First, we are extending our leadership in enterprise visibility solutions through our scale, innovation and relationships with customers and partners.  Second, we are advancing our vision of enterprise asset intelligence or EAI by leveraging Zebra's deep knowledge of workflows and capitalizing on key technology trends and our cloud platform. I will update you on our progress in a moment. Third, we have achieved the final milestones of the Enterprise integration, thanks to the dedication and focus by the entire Zebra team. With that accomplished, we are laser-focused on further extending our lead in the markets we serve. Our fourth area of focus is to further enhance Zebra's financial strength by increasing profitability, improving cash flow and optimizing our capital structure. We are driving profitable sales growth and our cash flow profile will continue to improve as integration and debt restructuring costs subside. Lower run rate interest costs combined with a flexible capital structure should enable us to achieve a target debt leverage ratio of less than 3 times by mid-2018. Now turning to slide 14, Zebra is capitalizing on key trends in mobility, cloud computing, and the proliferation of smart devices. Our devices and smart infrastructures sends information about assets, products and processes. This information, including status and location, is then analyzed to provide actionable insights to front-line employees in real-time to reduce friction in workflows, improved productivity and enable unprecedented insight into business operations. This EAI framework provides a digital view of the entire enterprise. Our strategy not only focuses on sensors and analytics, but also on actions and outcomes that can be optimized by knowing and analyzing what's happening in the physical world on a real-time basis. Zebra brings this vision to our customers through our broad, innovative portfolio of solutions, including enterprise grade mobile computing, data capture offerings, intelligent infrastructures, and specialty printers as well as softer analytics and visibility services. Savanna, our enterprise asset intelligence platform, is a critical component of our overall offering. It interconnects data from sensors, devices and smart infrastructures with workflow applications. Savanna powers the provisioning, analytics and visualization behind our cloud-based, data-driven solutions. These include our visibility services applications and new solutions such as SmartPack Trailer among others.  As a reminder, SmartPack Trailer is our software analytics solution, which has been installed on thousands of dock doors, empowering operations managers to maximize cargo capacity utilization. We are now empowering an ecosystem of partners to leverage the Savanna platform by developing secure data-driven applications that integrate into other platforms and traditional ERP systems.  In Q3, we selected the first five independent software developers to have access to our Savanna platform to bring additional applications to market. This initiative makes EAI more broadly accessible in the marketplace and uniquely positions us as the partner of choice in providing real-time data solutions for enterprise customers. Slide 15 highlights how we serve our key vertical markets. Increased consumer demands in the marketplace are driving opportunities for growth at Zebra. Retail shoppers want more convenience and flexibility in how they purchase goods, including expedited delivery. Hospital patients demand a higher quality of care at a lower cost, and manufacturers are increasing efficiencies across their value chain. We are uniquely positioned to help our enterprise customers address these challenges because we are experts in the operational workflows in each vertical market we serve. Now turning to slide 16, I would like to provide an update on the retail sector. Retail and e-commerce is currently the largest vertical market we serve and where we've had strong sales growth over the past year. For many years, we have played a leading role in helping retailers enhance their visibility and efficiency through a broad range of solutions.  We recently commissioned a study with the IHL Group, a leading retail IT consultancy, to perform a deep dive into the transformational trends of the retail sector and the anticipated impact on Zebra for the five-year period 2016 through 2021. The scope of this study was comprehensive with discussions and input from more than 1,000 public and privately held retailers in North America and Europe. The key findings support important themes driving Zebra's growth. First, the retail sector has been evolving from a brick and mortar-only model to a more dynamic multi-channel model. As it transforms, the sector continues to grow both sales volume and net store count with expansion in most sub-sectors. The e-commerce channel is growing the most quickly. And second, the growing shift to more e-commerce and Omni channel benefits Zebra, our customers and our market leaders who are investing in their business. The Zebra value proposition allows retailers and e-tailers to navigate this transformation successfully.  Our core business sales are expected to grow as we provide relevant technologies to the industry. Newer solutions outside of our core provide further upside. Additionally, e-commerce channel sales provide a net incremental benefit to Zebra due to the increased real-time tracking intensity necessary to execute those workflows successfully. You'll see on slide 17 that trends in most retail sub-sectors are expected to continue to have a net positive impact to Zebra's core business sales. These include the three sub-sectors, where we have the largest presence and which account for approximately two-thirds of our retail vertical sales; mass merchants, grocery and e-tailers. Only three of the nine sub-sectors we serve have declining trends in our business and these receive the most coverage in the media because it is where large-scale store closings have been taking place. For instance, five retailers in these three sub-sectors represents nearly 30% of all retail store closings during the past year. Key drivers of success for the majority of retailers include growth in multi-channel retailing, including direct e-commerce delivery, and click-and-collect at a store, in-store investments in various technologies, including tools for efficiency, inventory accuracy, and mobile computers to empower a more connected store associate, and investment increased fulfillment capabilities, which can enable same-day delivery. Technology has become the basis of competition in retail and is an enabler of key transformational initiatives from e-commerce to in-store experiences to multi-channel fulfillment. Adoption of the most effective technologies is what separates the winners from the losers in global retail, and our success demonstrates that we are providing the right technologies needed to optimize operations and delight shoppers. Overall, shoppers are raising the bar for in-store experience, fulfillment options and speed of delivery. The study demonstrates that Zebra is doing the right things to serve retailers who strive to meet that raised bar. The trend we see for retailers as they strive to meet the growing needs of their customers is not unique. We are seeing the same demands in other sectors, including transportation and logistics and healthcare. We will continue to provide solutions to help all these -- all of these customers succeed in a fast-changing environment. In closing, I want to thank the Zebra team for executing well and delivering another successful quarter. We are on track to deliver a solid Q4 and a strong finish to the year. With that, I'll hand the call back to Mike.
Michael Steele: Thanks, Anders. We'll now open the call to Q&A. We ask that you limit yourself to one question and one follow-up so that we can get to as many of you as possible.
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Jim Ricchiuti with Needham & Company. Please go ahead.
Jim Ricchiuti: Hi, thank you. Good morning. You may have given some of this information, but I was wondering if you could provide some additional color on the major verticals in the quarter. And my follow-up question is, it sounds like you're anticipating or have made some large shipments in Q4 presumably that's in the retail vertical, and I wonder if you could perhaps elaborate on that and what's driving that. Thank you.
Anders Gustafsson: Yeah. Thank you. Firstly on the verticals, we had -- we had a lot of strong secular growth drivers across all our verticals and we believe we have a very competitive set of products and solutions that are helping to fuel growth across all of them. If I give you some more color on the specific verticals, I'll start with retail. Retail has been a strong vertical for Zebra for several years for a long time. We had solid growth over the past year and the recent study we talked about on -- at the script, I think, validates the growth opportunity that we believe is there for us. The retail vertical is going through a substantial transformation, but it is growing and we started trying to take -- to capitalize on this shift from brick and mortar to e-commerce and Omni channel. Brick and mortar and e-tailers are all embracing our type of technology to be able to execute on their growth strategies. So we are much more essential to their -- executing on their strategies today than we were historically. And we have a number of new attractive product launches and also aided by the overall Android transition in the market, we are seeing good traction. We have some newer solutions like RFID SmartLens, a personal shopper, and the MP7000 bioptic scanners that are very -- have very strong value propositions for Omni channel retailers and helps to drive more towards a frictionless checkout. And we do see some substantial refreshes, but as you know, in retail, that tends to also be a little more lumpy. I can go through a couple of the other ones. Also you asked, I think for all the verticals. So in healthcare, that's our fastest growing vertical. The key driver for growth in healthcare has been the adoption of electronic medical records. Our value proposition historically in our spaces have been primarily focused around efficiency, but in healthcare, we can augment that with also improving the quality of care and the safety of care for patients. So it makes it that much more compelling, I think. We launched some new healthcare specific products earlier this year, the TC51 and DS8100 scanner, and we're seeing good momentum building from those product introductions. We also, I think last quarter, introduced a new collaboration we have with GE Healthcare for flexible and affordable asset tracking in hospitals, which we see is ramping nicely for us. And maybe lastly here, healthcare has been a predominantly US vertical historically, but it's now starting to show more signs of growing outside of the US, also becoming more of a global market. And lastly, I'll do the transportation logistics also. We're seeing solid growth in T&L, certainly benefiting from strong secular trends around e-commerce and much more parcel delivery to people's homes. We launched some new attractive products at the end of last year, beginning of this year, the TC75x and the TC56 and both are having a meaningful impact and helping to drive the Android transition in T&L. We have new solutions in T&L also like SmartPack and trailer location compliance, which demonstrates our industry leadership and provides some upside to the business also.
Jim Ricchiuti: Thanks. And just on that Q4, the strength you're seeing, you alluded to some large shipments. Is that in retail and if there is any color on that?
Anders Gustafsson: I think that was more broad based than that. So we started the quarter with good backlog position and we wanted to be able to satisfy that demand early. So we built up some extra inventory to be able to do that, but it was not just retail. Certainly some retail customers in that also, but that was more broad-based.
Jim Ricchiuti: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Jason Rodgers of Great Lakes Review. Please go ahead.
Jason Rodgers: Yes, good morning. I wanted to ask about the strength in legacy Zebra in the quarter that was very strong organic growth. Wonder if you could provide more detail on what drove that and how sustainable you think that is in the coming quarters.
Anders Gustafsson: Yeah, we had very good performance. Our printing and supplies business was up mid-single digits. We have a strong product portfolio today and we have more new products coming. I think the printer products have probably been the biggest beneficiary of us going kind of to the one Zebra of trying to cross-sell all the different products into existing customers. We have some, I think, unique differentiators in our products; one is our Link-OS differentiator, which enables us to have a software environment, which makes the printers a smart network citizen. We can now run applications on the printers and it can communicate a lot more things about itself of what's going on. Another differentiator for us is the Network Connect application we have. This is -- enables us to have a direct interconnect into Rockwell Automation's ecosystem. We're developing now good relationships with all of their distributors to be able to be the partner of choice for them. We've launched some new attractive printers in -- at the end of Q2, beginning of Q3, both the new ZT600 and the ZT500. Those are new tabletop printers or top of the line printers for us and they have been very well received in the markets. And our supplies business continues to do well also. It's -- we still consider that an under-penetrated market for us with lots more upside.
Jason Rodgers: And then if I could ask a question on China, if you could just expand on what you said earlier about taking steps to improve results there and what should we be expecting for the fourth quarter in China?
Anders Gustafsson: Yeah. So first, overall, we had very strong performance in Asia outside of China, led by Australia, Japan and India. We had strong performance of -- in printing in Asia also, but it was certainly helped by a lower -- an easier comp as we had a duty impact in 3Q of '16. China was down this quarter, but it was -- is mitigating, the trend is improving. We did see some softness in data capture and printing.  But remember, China is less than half of our Asia-Pac sales, but we do feel good about the progress we're making on our comprehensive go-to-market improvement plan and we're coming out with some products that are specifically tailored for the Chinese market. So we believe we are on an improving trend and we do continue to expect that China will be a long-term growth driver for us.
Jason Rodgers: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Brian Drab of William Blair. Please go ahead.
Brian Drab: Hey, good morning. Good morning, Anders. Thanks for taking my question.
Anders Gustafsson: Good morning.
Brian Drab: I kind of sense on the call here that I think some people including me are trying to figure out what the longer-term growth rate should be. As you look back at 2016 and organic revenue growth was about flat, and then this year, we've had a series of three great quarters in a row. And then thinking about in the context of that study that you cited, those trends that you cited in the study, I think, we talked about throughout '15 and '16 as positive for you.  So could you maybe just try to put a finer point on what in 2017 has changed in your favor? I know you are talking about a lot of new products, but or -- are those trends that you cited in the study actually accelerating? Was 2017 an inflection year in your view?
Olivier Leonetti: So Brian, I'm going to take this question. So first of all, about the long-term growth of the company, as we have indicated before and we are still behind this claim, we believe that we can grow the company over cycle at the rate of 4% to 5%. This is a growth that we have been achieving over the last few years. Certainly, we're going to beat that number this year. And that's due to a few reasons. First, strong market trends and also our ability to compete in this market due to our set of product and solutions, which is allowing us to compete better and better every quarter. Regarding 2018, which is a question you alluded to, we're not going to provide a guide today, but we feel optimistic about next year. We believe we're going to be able to deliver a solid growth. The levers of growth are going to be a bit different. I am not going to go into the details of those today, but we believe we have various avenues to grow the company either in our core market or in our close adjacent markets. And last, regarding 2017, a few things explained the strong performance of the company this year. First, a strong end market, and two, an increased ability of the company to compete as the integration of Motorola Enterprise is now behind us. We believe we have the best set of products and solutions we have had as a company and that is translating into either top line or also bottom line improvements.
Anders Gustafsson: I'll add a couple of words to it also. I think you asked kind of what -- if retail generally is looking to grow at 3% in their revenues, or retail revenues growing 3%, how can we expect to grow 4% to 5%. And our sense is that technology is much more of an essential enabler for retailers to grow today. They are having to invest much more disproportionately in technology to enable them to execute on their growth strategies like Omni channel and e-commerce. And we are also then benefited -- benefiting disproportionately by that as we have such a broad and relevant portfolio of product and solutions to help them do this. An example would just be how, you look at the device count per store and how that's going up as retailers wants their store associates to be much more connected and be able to engage much more constructively and timely with their customers. So -- and you combine that with our expectation that we will continue to grow some share, I think we feel comfortable that this should help us drive a 4% to 5% revenue growth overall across all industries and through cycles.
Brian Drab: Okay, that's all really helpful. Thanks both of you. And maybe one more question for Olivier just on the margins. You've essentially reached the margin target that you set a couple of years ago, and I'm wondering, two things. Can this be a company that consistently generates above 20% EBITDA margin down the road? And secondly, what impact is FX having on margins now? I'm not sure if you mentioned, what the impact was in the third quarter. I know over the last few years, it's been a headwind. Is that now transitioning to a tailwind? Thanks.
Olivier Leonetti: So let me answer to your first question. So we are not updating our long-term EBITDA margin target of 18% to 20%. Having said that, we believe we have the ability to improve the operating leverage in the company through either a gross margin rate lever, we have a strong set of products and solutions, which would help us to increase margin, gross margin rate, and also we believe we have also we believe we have also an OpEx lever. As the integration is now behind us, we have the ability to enhance productivity across the company. So no commitment to be over the range, but the vectors are positive. Regarding FX, it's obviously a positive trend. If you look at my prepared remarks, FX is driving a 2 percentage point growth -- goodness in the quarter. Now we are hedging. As you know, about 80% of the currency exposure is hedged as we enter into a quarter. So you don't have the full benefit of that to the bottom line, but some of it, but the margin strength in the quarter was mainly due to operational efficiencies and quality of our pricing, Brian.
Brian Drab: Okay. Thanks very much, Olivier and Anders. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from James Faucette of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Meta Marshall: Hi, this is Meta Marshall for James. Just to dig in a little bit deeper on the gross margins, maybe the gross margin -- or implied kind of gross margin guide in Q4 was just a little bit weaker than expected. And so is that still a carryover of China effects or how should we think about -- and I know you guys have mentioned kind of levers to improve those in 2018, but just how should we think about kind of gross margins being maybe a little bit less than expected in Q4? Thanks.
Olivier Leonetti: So we are looking at the margin -- gross margin in term of dollars. So if you look at the margin dollar in Q4, it's increasing relative to last year. If you look at the rate, it's indeed lower than what we have had. It's actually due to a larger mix of bids which will impact the margin rate, but we are pleased with the margin profile of the company, and I wouldn't read too much into rate in a particular quarter.
Meta Marshall: Got it. And then just to follow up on the hedging point, is there -- now that the dollar is weakening a little bit, is there any plan to kind of change your hedging strategy going forward, or I know those were put into place when the leverage was much higher. Is there any kind of change to strategy going forward? Thanks.
Olivier Leonetti: The net answer is no. We have a very boilerplate hedging plan. We believe that the best lever to improve the growth and profitability of the company is actually to maximize the way we compete rather than having complicated hedge programs. So no change being contemplated in term of FX programs.
Meta Marshall: Okay. Great. Thanks. I'll pass it on.
Operator: The next question comes from Paul Coster of JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Paul Coster: Yes. Thanks for taking my questions. So the first one, Anders, is can you talk us through Savanna a little bit and what the business model attached to it is? Because it doesn't look to me like it's really going to be driving software revenue services, but maybe I've got something wrong there. Is it all about the tied hardware?
Anders Gustafsson: It's a bit of both. I guess, first, we have had a large number of products at the edge of the network and these are products that are obviously connecting the physical world to the digital world and generating large amounts of data. And we have been using a lot of that data in some of our applications like OVS, LS, MotionWorks and so forth and we're now making this data available to other partners as well, but leveraging this, the Savanna platform for doing this. So it's a way for us to combine our deep understanding of the vertical workflows and with insights that we get from all the data at the edge to provide more actionable insights and enable for more frictionless workflows.
Joachim Heel : Perhaps -- this is Joe Heel. I'll add a comment. In terms of the business models that you could envision, on the one hand, we expect a large number of partners to use this platform. We've just, as we said in the remarks, introduced the first five partners and we expect to more broadly make this platform available to all of our partners in the spring. And that will -- those data services that will be available to those partners can drive a revenue stream for us in the future. The other one is that it's a platform on which applications can reside, right, and entering into the space of those applications could also be a business model.
Paul Coster: But it's an open standard right? So from a hardware perspective, anyone's product will fit into this platform?
Anders Gustafsson: Yeah. We can connect -- we make it easier to connect any and all type of sensors into Savanna at the -- on the south bound interface, but also into any and all type of applications on the north side. So we want to make sure that Savanna can be a, we could say, a standard, de-facto standard in our space for when you want to connect data generating devices at the edge of the network to be able to drive real actionable insights into various applications.
Paul Coster: Okay. My follow-up question is really unrelated to that, but it's about the Internet of Things inside industrial space. So it looks to me like something like a collision happening here between sensors that are embedded inside production lines and your more mobile sensors and readers. Can you talk to us about whether your intention is to move into sort of the in-line IoT space or not?
Anders Gustafsson: I'll start a little bit higher level maybe and say we think of ourselves as an IoT company that's developing solutions that leverages data to reduce friction in workflows for front-line employees. So that's kind of the essence that we're trying to do. So we see EAI for us as a very differentiated and defensible strategy. It is not -- we haven't found other people who are able to do what we can do here. We see it as something that can deliver real outcomes, revenue growth or greater efficiency, improved services. But the way we're doing it is by really connect -- helping to connect the physical world to the digital world, capturing that data at the edge. And it's very hard to get access to that data. Most companies that are talking about IoT, they tend to be analytics companies or companies from the data center, they don't really have access to the data at the edge. And then when you combine that with our deep understanding of the specific workflows in various verticals, we can combine that -- we can gain a lot of insight from that data from the edge that we have access to, to help improve workflows in those vertical markets and help the front-line employees in those markets to be able to perform their tasks more efficiently or better.
Joachim Heel : One other addition perhaps is to reference two things you've heard earlier us talk about. I think we understand that there are large ecosystems of IoT sensors out there that can complement ours and it's been a long tradition of Zebra, excuse me, to partner with other firms, as we have done, for example, we mentioned this earlier, with Rockwell, right, that has access to a lot of the IoT sensors used in fixed manufacturing infrastructures, or if you take healthcare, for example, we mentioned GE that has access to those types of infrastructures there. And partnering with those firms, I think, complements very well the types of mobile capabilities that we can bring in. So I think it will be a mix.
Anders Gustafsson: Yeah.
Paul Coster: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Keith Housum of Northcoast Research. Please go ahead.
Keith Housum: Great, thanks. Good afternoon or good morning gentlemen. As we look at the printer segment, it's actually performed very well for you guys this quarter, I think the best third quarter ever, and it's certainly better than what we expected. Was there specific drivers that helped drive some of that printer growth when you compare to last year? Was the introduction of some of the new industrial printers from last year, or any color you can give around the printer strength.
Anders Gustafsson: I'll start and then Joe can provide some additional color here. I think there was no one thing that drove the strength of the printer business this quarter. I think we have a very strong portfolio of products. We continue to refresh it and we had the -- our new tabletop printers come out, which added to the revenues, but they are still new products, but we saw a resurgence generally in our high-end tabletop printing business based on those, that helped to catalyze that. And I think also the differentiators that we have around Link-OS and the Network Connect into Rockwell's ecosystem are things that we can do, as we have unique capabilities to enable those. And I think customers who are looking for using printers more intelligently in their networking applications see those as great value adders for us. So -- but otherwise, the performance for us was very broad-based across all four regions and supplies is another area that we think of as a good growth engine for us and one where we are underrepresented today.
Joachim Heel : Yeah. Keith, if I could add, there are some, I think, perhaps also mundane drivers that we have paid a lot of attention to. On the one hand, I think economic growth in particular manufacturing resurgence in some regions has benefited us and we've seen some positive there, but also in terms of execution, we have paid a lot of attention over the course of the last year to things like pricing of printers. Especially we fine-tuned our pricing after we introduced the PartnerConnect program and we think we have a very good handle now on where we need to be to compete. We have spent a lot of money on training. For example, all of our people have been -- all of our sales people, I wanted to say, have been trained now on printing, and in particular, all of our sales engineers have gone through a certification program to ensure that printer knowledge is really broadly resident and deep in our sales teams. And we have made changes in our go-to-market in terms of our covered structures and the number of people that we're investing with specific printing capabilities. Those have all been areas of focus to drive growth in printing for us.
Keith Housum: Got you. Thanks. And then changing gears, I guess, slightly here, as we look at the gross margin on services, you guys noted supply chain issues and then the in-sourcing of the servicing. What was the impact that had on gross margins for the quarter and how long can we expect that to, I guess, be a headwind for our servicing gross margins?
Olivier Leonetti: So services margin is expected to increase over time. We believe we are -- this is actually one of the lever to increase the bottom line of the company. The phenomena we had in Q3 are exceptional in nature and short-term orientated. They are due to mainly the transition from an outsource model to an in-source model for North America, but as I said, Keith, this is a temporary trend and you should expect services margin to increase going forward.
Anders Gustafsson: I think we had in-sourced about 30% of the repair volume in North America by the end of the third quarter. We expect it to be about 50% at the end of the year. And when you -- once you get into Q2, you'll have kind of a longer tail of smaller things that we will do till probably Q3 where we -- when we would expect to be done.
Keith Housum: Great. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Matt Cabral of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Matthew Cabral: Yeah. Thank you. I wanted to dig a little bit more into the working capital trends that you saw in the quarter. Olivier, I appreciate the additional detail around why inventory ticked up in the quarter, but this is the third quarter in a row where it's been a pretty meaningful use of cash. So I guess the bigger picture question is, just if something changed in how strategically you are looking at managing inventory. I guess, has there been a change in the underlying visibility to business?  Just curious why it's been such a big use of cash year-to-date. And then just quickly, a second one. DSOs stepped up sequentially. Just wondering what drove that, and if linearity in the third quarter was anymore back half weighted than it typically is.
Olivier Leonetti: Right. So let me start by reaffirming, this is not part of your question, but we are confirming that we'd pay at least 200 million of debt for the year, which is a key objective for the company, as you know, Matt. In term of use of cash, what is happening today for inventory is actually the consequence of a high-class problem. The business is strong, we had at the end of the third quarter a strong backlog of orders, and we wanted to bill for this in -- and be ready to ship at the start of Q4, which is what happened, as I indicated in my opening remarks. And we would expect then working capital to be much better in Q4 because, first of all, this inventory will be shipped, but also to your point, linearity including impact on the DSO would be enhanced. But I wouldn't read too much into what happened in the quarter from a working capital standpoint. We are targeting the company in aggregate over time to be top quartile in term of working capital performance and you see today some short-term impacts due to short-term business dynamics.
Matthew Cabral: All right. That's all from me. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Andrew Spinola of Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Andrew Spinola: Thanks. I wanted to ask, the organic growth trends at ScanSource in the relevant segment have been more flattish compared to your mid-single digit type growth. And I was just wondering if that says anything. I know it's just one data point, but if that says anything about potential share gains that you're having against the competition, or maybe if the percentage of your sales that are going direct now that you're selling as an integrated company has gone up.
Anders Gustafsson: I -- we obviously got to be careful about how much we can comment on ScanSource business, but I think we can say that our revenues through the channel overall and with ScanSource performed very well in Q3. So we -- ScanSource has been a good partners for us for a long time and we continue to do a lot of business with them and our business with ScanSource in Q3 was up.
Andrew Spinola: I guess, sort of where I was going with that question, Anders, was just trying to understand if -- as you sell as an integrated company, if your percentage of revenue that goes direct starts to go up. And I wonder if that has any impact on your long-term gross margin.
Joachim Heel : So this is Joe Heel. Our percentage of direct revenue has been about 17% last year and we believe that it has not gone up. It is not our strategy for it to go up. Our strategy is to continuously increase the amount of business that we do through our partners. I think we can confirm the other hypothesis that at least in North American distribution, we believe that our share has increased. That's what the data -- the market data would indicate.
Anders Gustafsson: Yeah. We don't do -- we don't take deals direct, say, if -- on a whim to improve margin or something. We try to be very loyal to our partners and have -- if the partners worked on a deal, we will support them at those prices and rather lose the deal than take it right because it tends to have a very negative impact on the relationships with the channel community.
Joachim Heel : Exactly.
Andrew Spinola: Got it. Thank you very much.
Operator: The next question comes from Jeremie Capron of ROBO Global. Please go ahead.
Jeremie Capron: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. You've had strong sales momentum in the past year, pretty much across the entire portfolio, printers, supplies due to mobile computing, and you called out the level of innovation and agility of your portfolio of products and solutions with many new introductions in the past year. I wonder if you could talk about how you expect that to evolve over the next year or two in terms of the rate of refresh and new product introduction.
Anders Gustafsson: Yeah. I -- we have to be maybe a little bit more circumspect because we don't -- we tend not to announce new products on our earnings call, but the philosophy behind it, I think, we can talk about, right? We see product innovation as a key part of kind of the life blood of Zebra. We are a tech company and we need to have a fresh and compelling set of solutions that offers new value to our customers. So we will always make sure that we have new compelling solutions that we can talk to our customers about. I think I said today, we feel our core portfolio is very, very strong. There are still some products in the core portfolio that will need to be refreshed here in the next -- within next month -- or next year, sorry, but there is also some more adjacent, more EAI like type solutions that we would like to bring to market and accelerate growth from also. So we certainly see innovation to continue to be a key part of our value proposition and how we differentiate ourselves in the market.
Jeremie Capron: Thank you very much.
Operator: The last question today will come from Richard Eastman of Robert W. Baird. Please go ahead.
Richard Eastman: Yes. Good morning. Just a very quick question. On Zebra legacy, the gross profit margin there at 47.4 was maybe a little bit light of what we're thinking. And the question maybe is not why, but is there a channel sales issue there? Obviously more product through channel would bring the gross margin down. Could you just kind of explain that and what you see the -- for the run rate to be in the gross margin for the legacy Zebra business?
Olivier Leonetti: So let me take this one, Rich. So we look -- if you look at the dollars, dollars have increased actually year-on-year even if you normalize for the China duty that I mentioned in my opening remarks. So really we are managing the line of business and the portfolio on a dollar basis. The rate that you're alluding to could be influenced in a particular quarter based upon mix within the product line or mix of orders between large orders and smaller orders. So that influenced the printer or legacy Zebra margin in the quarter. And in addition, you had also some of the effects we talked about in other answers around services cost being slightly higher because of transition from outsource to in-source, also distribution center consolidation. I would note also that the supply revenue and margin also was positive trend. So I wouldn't read too much into the margin in this particular quarter for legacy Zebra. We think we -- all the products should deliver enhanced margin dollars and margin rate over time.
Richard Eastman: Well, most of your printer sales -- is the vast majority of your printer sales, do they go through the channel or they go direct?
Anders Gustafsson: The vast majority of our printer sales go direct. We have less of these larger deals, but there are some very large customers where we deal with them overall direct. Sorry, sorry.
Joachim Heel : So the vast majority of our printer sales goes through the channel.
Anders Gustafsson: Yeah, sorry. My mistake.
Joachim Heel : Yeah. Through the channel. Relatively little, less than our average goes direct in printer.
Anders Gustafsson: Thank you.
Richard Eastman: Okay. And is there anything -- again, just in that gross margin, I'm just trying to understand, is there anything from a channel program standpoint in the quarter that maybe played to that inventory build number or to the gross margin here?
Anders Gustafsson: I would say no. There are no changes to the channel program that we've made recently that affect printing particularly or the printing gross margin. I think as Olivier said, it's simply a matter of the mix and some of the operational factors.
Joachim Heel : Some air freight -- or freight were a little higher to get the inventory and that would be one thing that was maybe a little higher than normal.
Richard Eastman: Okay, okay. And then just can I -- just one question on the inventory here and the cash flow impact that it had, the inventory build. Was that in any particular product line, for instance, on the MC side -- mobile computing side or scanner side or printer side? Just staging that inventory ahead of the strong fourth quarter, any particular area that made that somewhat of an anomaly?
Olivier Leonetti: No, it's a broad-based strength in the portfolio of products. So not one line of business being impacted more than another.
Richard Eastman: Okay. All right. Thank you very much.
Anders Gustafsson: Thank you.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Steele for any closing remarks.
Michael Steele: Thank you all for joining us. Have a great day.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-08-08 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Michael A. Steele - Zebra Technologies Corp. Anders Gustafsson - Zebra Technologies Corp. Olivier Leonetti - Zebra Technologies Corp. Joachim Heel - Zebra Technologies Corp.
Analysts: Paul Coster - JPMorgan Securities LLC Matthew Cabral - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Jason A. Rodgers - Great Lakes Review James Ricchiuti - Needham & Co. LLC Richard Eastman - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. Keith Housum - Northcoast Research Partners LLC James E. Faucette - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Jeffrey Ted Kessler - Imperial Capital LLC Jeremie Capron - ROBO Global
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Second Quarter 2017 Zebra Technologies Earnings Release Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. Please note, this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mike Steele, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Michael A. Steele - Zebra Technologies Corp.: Good morning, and thank you for joining us. Today's conference call and slide presentation will include prepared remarks from Anders Gustafsson, our Chief Executive Officer; and Olivier Leonetti, our Chief Financial Officer. Anders will begin by discussing our second quarter highlights and key drivers of the results. Olivier will then provide more detail on the financials and discuss our third quarter and full year outlook. Anders will conclude with discussion of recent progress made on Zebra's strategic priorities. Following the prepared remarks, Joe Heel, our Senior Vice President of Global Sales, will join us as we take your questions. This presentation is being simulcast on our website at investors.zebra.com, and will be archived there for at least one year. Before we begin, I need to inform you that certain statements made on this call include forward-looking statements, which are subject to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements reflect the company's current expectations concerning future events and are subject to a number of factors and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. A detailed discussion of these factors and uncertainties is contained in the company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. During this call, we will make reference to non-GAAP financial measures as we describe business performance. You can find reconciliations of our GAAP to non-GAAP results in today's earnings press release and at the end of this slide presentation. Also, as a reminder, our reported financial results include the divested wireless LAN business through October 2016. In this presentation, our references to sales growth are year-over-year on a constant currency basis and exclude wireless LAN sales from 2016 results. Now, I'll turn the call over to Anders.
Anders Gustafsson - Zebra Technologies Corp.: Thank you, Mike. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. We had another successful quarter executing on our strategy. As you see on slide 4, our team delivered solid second quarter results, including adjusted net sales of $897 million, with organic growth of greater than 6%, which exceeded our guidance range. Adjusted EBITDA margin of 17.7%, reflecting a 140 basis point improvement over the prior year. Non-GAAP EPS of $1.51, a 29% increase over Q2 of last year and $160 million of debt pay down, driven by strong free cash flow and prudent cash management. We accomplished all of this while successfully implementing the last major milestone of the Enterprise integration by going live with our global ERP system. This represents the culmination of 2.5 years of dedication and focus by the entire team and completes our transition to One Zebra. Now turning to the quarterly results; we achieved growth across all regions, led by double-digit growth in Latin America, and 9% growth in North America, driven by high demand for our Android enterprise mobile computing portfolio. In the quarter, we continued to extend our market leadership and delivered innovative solutions to our customers that provide them increased visibility into their operations. We enjoyed significant wins including many large orders for a wide range of our mobile computers and saw, especially, strong demand from our retail and transportation and logistics customers. Delivering strong results for the past two quarters gives us the confidence to narrow the range of our full year sales outlook to the top-end of our prior guidance. In addition, our recently announced comprehensive debt restructuring, lowers interest rates, and drives profitability improvement. With that, I will now turn the call over to Olivier, to review our financial results in greater detail and to discuss our debt restructuring and 2017 outlook.
Olivier Leonetti - Zebra Technologies Corp.: Thank you, Anders. Before we get started, I would like to remind you that references to sales growth are year-over-year on a constant currency basis and exclude wireless LAN from 2016 sales results. Let us begin with a walk through the P&L. As you can see on slide 5, adjusted net sales for the second quarter were $897 million, up 6.4%. Our second quarter sales performance was driven by solid results in each of our reporting segments and growth across all of our regions. Enterprise segment sales of $584 million increased 7.9%, driven by double-digit growth in mobile computing. Pre-transaction, Zebra sales were $313 million, up 3.7%. Printing and supplies sales were higher, as were sales in our Location Solutions business. Sales of services were approximately flat. Turning to our regions; sales growth in North America was up 9%, driven by strength in mobile computing. We add another strong quarter in retail and e-commerce as the industry continues to transform to meet evolving consumer purchasing preferences. EMEA sales increased 4% from a year ago. We are seeing broad-based traction and solid demand for our offerings across the region. Latin America sales increased 11%. We saw exceptionally strong sales in data capture, printing and supplies across the region. Sales in Asia Pacific were up 2%, where we were cycling strong results in the first half of 2016. Current year sales were positively impacted by 3 percentage points related to the release of a reserve for price concessions related to duties previously imposed on printers in China. Most of the region grew with particular strength in Australia. China was the exception, where we are experiencing softness in the data capture and printing markets. China accounts for less than one-half of Asia Pacific region sales, and we continue to view it as a long-term growth driver of our business. Our team has a comprehensive go-to-market improvement plan to strengthen results, including enhanced product offerings. Consolidated adjusted gross margin of 46% was 40 basis points lower than the prior-year period, primarily due to changes in business mix, driven by the exceptionally strong quarter in mobile computing. Gross profit increased $4 million from the prior-year period due to higher sales volumes. Adjusted operating expenses in Q2 were $274 million, down from $282 million last year. These results primarily reflect the company's continued focus on improving operating efficiency, controlling expenses, and the divestiture of the wireless LAN business. Second quarter 2017 adjusted EBITDA margin was 17.7%, a 140 basis point increase from the prior-year period. This was driven by higher gross profit and lower operating expense. Non-GAAP earnings per diluted share increased to $1.51 in the second quarter, an increase of 29% from the prior-year period. Lower interest cost and a lower tax rate also contributed to the sharp increase in EPS. Integration expenses were $19 million in Q2, a $15 million decrease from the prior-year period. As Anders mentioned, we exited all remaining transition service agreements with Motorola Solutions in early Q3. We expect minimal integration expense in the second half of 2017. Turning now to the balance sheet and cash flow highlights on slide 6. We ended the second quarter with $95 million in cash. Our transition to a single global ERP system has enabled us to pull operating cash more efficiently and significantly lower our cash balances. As of the end of the second quarter, we added $2.4 billion of long-term debt on the balance sheet. We paid down $160 million of principal under Term Loan B in the quarter, driven by strong free cash flow and reduced cash balances. Free cash flow of $77 million, increased by $65 million, compared to the second quarter of last year, primarily due to increased profitability, improved working capital management, and lower capital expenditures. Slide 7 shows our path to financial deleveraging. The top priority for cash flow and excess cash balances is to aggressively pay down acquisition debt. Our net debt-to-adjusted EBITDA ratio decreased to approximately 3.6 times as of the end of the second quarter, which is down for more than five times as of the close of the Enterprise acquisition in late 2014. Our profitable growth and strong free cash flow profile continue to provide us confidence in achieving a debt leverage ratio of less than three times by mid-2018. Turning to slide 8 On July 26, we announced a comprehensive debt restructuring. We're taking advantage of a favorable credit market to reduce our average interest rate by approximately 2 percentage points and drive more than $45 million of annual interest savings. We closed on a senior secured credit facility maturing in 2021, initially priced at LIBOR plus 2% with the opportunity for reduced pricing as we approach our debt leverage target next year. This facility includes a $688 million Term Loan A and a $500 million revolving credit facility. Yesterday, proceeds from the new facility were used to redeem $750 million of our 7.25% senior notes, maturing October 2022. We plan to redeem the remaining $300 million of the senior notes in the fourth quarter through lower-cost financing arrangements, including an accounts receivable securitization facility. We also amended $1.3 billion Term Loan B facility, maturing October 2021, reducing the interest rate by 50 basis point to LIBOR plus 2%. As a result of the debt restructuring plan, we expect to pay a total of $72 million of redemption costs and transaction fees in the second half of the year, of which we expect to pay $55 million in the third quarter. We also expect to incur approximately $18 million of non-cash accelerated amortization of debt issuance costs and discounts in the second half of the year, of which we expect to record $13 million in the third quarter. On slide 9, you will see that for the third quarter of 2017, we expect the change in adjusted net sales to be between negative 1% and positive 2% on a nominal basis. We expect organic net sales growth between 2% and 5%, with growth in all major product lines. This growth expectation excludes the adverse impact of 4 percentage points from wireless LAN and a 1 percentage point positive impact from foreign currency translation. Given the recent weakening of the U.S. dollar, foreign currency impacts are expected to be accretive to us in the second half of the year. We expect sales growth to moderate through the balance of 2017, considering the more challenging year-over-year comparisons and the lumpy nature of our business. Third quarter 2017 adjusted EBITDA margin is expected to be in the range of 18% to 19%, an increase from the prior-year period. This rate assumes higher gross margin as compared to the prior-year period. Additionally, we expect adjusted operating expenses to be approximately in line with the prior-year period as a percentage of sales. Non-GAAP diluted EPS is expected to be in the range of $1.65 to $1.85. Given our strong first-half sales performance and backlog entering our third quarter, we are narrowing the range of our full year sales growth outlook to the top-end of our prior-year outlook. We now expect approximately 3% to 6% organic sales growth. This outlook excludes the adverse impact of three percentage points from wireless LAN and assumes minimal foreign currency impact. Full year 2017, adjusted EBITDA margin is expected to be in the range of 18% to 19%, which is higher than 2016. Our full year outlook assumes a slightly higher gross margin rate compared to last year and lower adjusted operating expenses as a percentage of sales, due to productivity improvements. For the full year 2017, we continue to expect debt pay-down to exceed free cash flow. Our goal is to pay down at least $300 million of debt, which is supported by higher EBITDA, lower integration expenses, solid working capital management, as well as reduced cash on hand required to operate the business. We are reiterating this debt pay-down goal despite our expectation of paying $72 million of redemption and transaction fees related to our debt restructuring plan. You can see other full year 2017 modeling assumptions on slide 9. Note that we have revised our interest expense assumption due to the impacts of the debt restructuring. Interest expense is now expected to be approximately $235 million to $240 million. This includes redemption cost, transaction fees, and non-cash amortization. With that, I will turn the call back to Anders.
Anders Gustafsson - Zebra Technologies Corp.: Thank you, Olivier. Overall, we are pleased with the progress made on our strategy in the second quarter and our momentum as we enter the back half of 2017. As you see on slide 10, we are focused on several areas to build upon our leading positions globally and to drive profitable growth. First, we are leveraging our scale, innovation and relationships with customers and partners to extend our leadership with an innovative portfolio of Enterprise Visibility Solutions; second, we are advancing our vision of Enterprise Asset Intelligence, or EAI, by leveraging Zebra's deep knowledge of the markets we serve and capitalizing on key technology trends. I will update you on our progress in a moment. Third, we have achieved the final milestones of the Enterprise integration. In May, we went live with our global ERP and IT ecosystem. Since that time, we have been stabilizing the combined platform, and we have recently exited all remaining transition service agreements with Motorola Solutions. We now have the opportunity to further increase productivity across the Enterprise and improve the experience for our partners and customers. Our fourth area of focus is to further enhance Zebra's financial strength by increasing profitability, improving cash flow, and optimizing our capital structure. We are driving profitable sales growth, and our cash flow profile continues to improve. Our recently announced debt restructuring significantly lowers our interest costs and provides the flexibility to de-lever our business to achieve optimal levels. Now turning to slide 11; Zebra is uniquely positioned to capitalize on key megatrends in mobility, cloud computing, and the proliferation of smart devices through our technology, which senses information from all Enterprise assets. Data from these assets, including status, location, utilization and preferences is then analyzed to provide actionable insights in real time. This EAI framework provides a digital view of the entire Enterprise, which enables visibility for our customers into their business operations and workflows, resulting in smarter business decisions. Zebra brings this vision to our customers through our broad innovative portfolio of solutions, including enterprise-grade mobile computers, printers, scanners as well as intelligent infrastructures, software and services. We are also committed to empower our global partner community so that they can deliver our new EAI data-driven offerings as well as their own to the market. We will continue to provide the resources and tools necessary to help them succeed in delivering innovative EAI solutions to the end user. Slide 12 highlights how we serve our key vertical markets. The trends our customers are seeing in the marketplace are driving opportunities for growth at Zebra. Consumers now expect retailers to provide them goods when and how they want it delivered. Transportation companies to deliver in hours rather than days and health care providers to administer a higher-quality of care at a lower cost. Additionally, manufacturers are focused on shortening production cycles and reducing waste with a more mobile workforce. Zebra has a deep and intimate understanding of the operational workflows in the key industries that we serve. Our expertise enables us to help our customers navigate the changes in their business. In retail for instance, we continue to play a leading role in helping companies execute their e-commerce strategies through our broad range of solutions. We are seeing strong demand from the largest e-commerce players in the world for our warehouse-grade mobile computers, hands-free ring scanners and mobile printers. They utilize our solutions to enhance their speed and efficiency. Additionally, e-commerce workflows are tracking-intensive and accuracy is paramount to successful execution. Our solutions reduce errors and minimize returns, which are costly to service and a hassle for customers. We are also driving innovation in the front of the store with our personal shopper mobile computers. Recently, a leading European grocery chain implemented this solution to revolutionize their store experience by allowing shoppers to scan their own items as they shop. This allows their customers to control the store experience as well as check out faster. This solution also provides real-time visibility into their shopping trip, which allows the grocer to send relevant promotions and suggestions for complementary items directly to the mobile computer, increasing basket size and loyalty. Store staff utilized the same device for store audits, price checks and inventory management, which further improves productivity. In the transportation and logistics space, we recently expanded our relationship with a global food service distributor as part of their warehouse delivery and modernization effort, this customer has been implementing our solutions for a variety of workflows and processes. These include forklift-mounted and handheld mobile computers, ring scanners, and mobile printers used for restocking and picking items in the warehouse, including in the freezer. This customer is also upgrading to our recently launched Android mobile computers for thousands of delivery trucks and to execute on their new proof-of-delivery process. This relationship highlights the power of One Zebra and our comprehensive set of Enterprise devices and services. In the manufacturing and industrial space, we recently rolled out our next-generation industrial thermal printers, which are both intelligent and engineered to withstand the years of continuous operation in harsh production environments. This cloud-accessible Link-OS operating system enables user-friendly remote routing, configuration, and firmware updates. These printers also have a flexible design for hardware upgrades in the field, including the ability to print RFID labels. In our health care vertical, we're excited to announce our collaboration with GE Healthcare on a solution that enables hospitals to accurately manage inventory, reduce total cost of ownership, and achieve improved capital allocation. Health care providers are able to locate mobile assets in real-time, so that they can spend less time searching for critical equipment and more time focused on quality patient care. Historically, it had been expensive and time-consuming to implement a hardwired solution. Our new innovative solution is flexible, built upon commercial Bluetooth technology and leverages the hospital's existing Wi-Fi network. This solution only takes days to implement and is accessible to any staff member with a mobile device. With Zebra's expertise, asset and operational activities can be analyzed so that the right decisions can be made in real-time. Finally, across all our verticals, we continue to see traction in our Visibility Services that provide insight into the status, location, usage, health and overall activity of the Zebra fleet of deployed mobile computers and printers. This device visibility is becoming increasingly important to our customers as they seek to further optimize their workforce for activity. In closing, we will continue to work with our customers and partners to drive digital transformation forward, equipping companies of all sizes with data-driven intelligence to improve their operations. I would like to thank the entire Zebra team for their dedication and focus on our priorities. We have successfully executed on a comprehensive acquisition integration program, and we continue to meet our growth and profitability objectives. With that, I'll hand the call back to Mike.
Michael A. Steele - Zebra Technologies Corp.: Thanks, Anders. We'll now open the call to Q&A. We ask that you limit yourself to one question and one follow-up, so that we can get to as many view as possible.
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question comes from Paul Coster with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Paul Coster - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Yes, thanks for taking my question, and congratulations on getting off of those TSAs. With which, maybe Olivier, can you talk about synergies? Are they completely played out now, or even more to come now that you got the ERP here and presumably still kind of road-testing it?
Olivier Leonetti - Zebra Technologies Corp.: Good morning, Paul. We believe that after the successful implementation of our ERP that we have the opportunity to drive synergies further. It's to a large extent, actually, reflected in our EBITDA margin, Paul.
Paul Coster - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. That's the outlook, right? And are the synergies going to be played out completely by year-end? Or do you see this as a process that extends into 2018?
Olivier Leonetti - Zebra Technologies Corp.: We think that this is going to be an ongoing process. You will start to see the benefit of those productivity initiatives in the second half of this calendar year. And more will come next year as well.
Paul Coster - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thank you very much. Anders, I know that you don't have that much visibility, but can you comment on pipeline, backlog and bookings momentum going into 3Q?
Anders Gustafsson - Zebra Technologies Corp.: Yes. We are confident in our outlook for the third quarter. We entered the quarter with good backlog and solid momentum. I think we're very well-positioned for growth across the business. We have a very strong portfolio of solutions today. And we also have our Enterprise Asset Intelligence, a new type of solution side. And that's providing great thought leadership for us in the market. So for Q3, we expect growth across all our product lines.
Paul Coster - JPMorgan Securities LLC: And to wrap, do you feel like things have changed at all as the macro environment getting incrementally better, or is the understanding of your technology improving? Is your portfolio now hitting sweet spots so that it previously wasn't? Anything that kind of gives us a sense of what's changing here if anything?
Anders Gustafsson - Zebra Technologies Corp.: There are a lot of things. I think we are benefiting from, I think, an improved macroeconomic environment. But also, we have, I would say that, maybe two things to highlight here for Q2 and looking at Q3. One will be, we believe our product portfolio is as competitive today as it's probably been ever across the board. While mobile computing win with our Android all-touch devices. We have a refreshed data capture portfolio, and we have a lot of new printer products that came out, particularly the high end here recently. So, I think we have a strong competitive position with our products. And we've seen particularly strong larger deal activity from our retail and e-commerce customers where we are helping them capitalize on the shift from e-commerce  from, say, traditional retail to e-commerce and omni-channel. We're moving from having been viewed more as a tactical productivity tool to more of a strategic enabler. Somebody who can help them execute on their strategies and some of our new solutions like SmartLens, clearly demonstrates how we can do some of those things and positions us to be a real thought leader in the industry.
Olivier Leonetti - Zebra Technologies Corp.: Paul, an additional comment. We have been able to compete very well up to now despite having to manage successfully a very complex integration. So a big change now is going to be  that we're going to be fully dedicated to externally and fully dedicated to compete in the market, Paul.
Paul Coster - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Matt Cabral with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Matthew Cabral - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Yeah, thank you. You've talked a lot about the strength in retail over the past few quarters. So I've two questions around that, and I guess I'll just ask both at the same time. The first is related to little bit to your last answer, Anders. But it feels like we've heard about the benefits of omni-channel for several years now, but why is it do you think that customers are now finally starting to make those investments? What's been the major catalyst that you've seen? And then the second question I have is just around the competitive environment that you're facing in, if the landscape really changes at all, these retailers are starting to make transformational in next-generation investments?
Anders Gustafsson - Zebra Technologies Corp.: So first, your question was around why our retailers getting on with omni-channel today. Yes, it's fair to say that this is not necessarily a new concept. But I think that there's a few things that have changed, say, in the background to enable this to happen. One is that it requires substantial investments across other things like the ERP systems and other things that need to be put in place to be able to execute on that in the first place. So our technology is not the only technology required for this, but it is an essential part of what's required. And I think retailers have been positioning themselves for this  to be able to execute on omni-channel for some time. And today, I think there's, by and large, omni-channel would be one of the top two, three priorities for most of our brick-and-mortar customers. So it is something that is top of mind for them. So, that would be your first question. On the competitive landscape, I'd say we've always been operating in very attractive markets, strong growth markets that have strong secular growth trends behind them. Our EAI strategy, I think, resonates very well with our customers and expands, say, our footprint. Our team is executing very well on that and expanding our leadership position. All the while, we've been also completing the very complex integration. So from a Zebra perspective, we are very much focused on driving profitable share gains. We want to leverage our unmatched portfolio of new products and our vertical expertise to deliver these new innovative solutions, both devices and solutions like SmartLens, which drives some very substantial market opportunities. We also look at our global channel partner program as a competitive advantage for us. But our environment continues to be a very competitive environment. And there's some  as we talked about earlier, some pockets of promotional activity. But we have a very disciplined yet, I would say, flexible approach to how to deal with that.
Joachim Heel - Zebra Technologies Corp.: This is Joe Heel. One thing I would add is, the transition in retail, it was at the core of your first question, is also coming at the very time that the technology that we are offering and that the retailers are deploying is changing to Android-based environments, which both offers the retailers new functionalities, but it also is a compelling reason for them to transition at this particular time to embrace that new operating system environment.
Matthew Cabral - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Jason Rodgers with Great Lakes Review. Please go ahead.
Jason A. Rodgers - Great Lakes Review: Yes. I was wondering, if you could provide some more detail around the retail vertical performance in the quarter. Just looking at the online versus brick-and-mortar?
Anders Gustafsson - Zebra Technologies Corp.: Yes. I touched on that on the prior questions here. So it was a very strong performance for us retail in both traditional brick-and-mortar and e-commerce was a strong vertical for us in Q2. We've seen our new, particularly Android-based all-touch devices have great traction in that market. Our market share in retail for Android devices is very high. Overall, in total, I'd say, our Android all-touch devices have over 50% share of the market. And that would be  I would say also here the retail or omni-channel type and e-commerce type of opportunities started off as being primarily in North America and maybe Western Europe. We're started those to become much  to see those opportunities go global. So this past quarter, we had great opportunities in Australia, even in China. So it's becoming much more of a global opportunity for us.
Joachim Heel - Zebra Technologies Corp.: Maybe two other characterizations I would add is that the retailers tend to have a purchasing behavior where large refreshes are done at one time. And certainly in the second quarter, several of these very large refreshes have occurred and have driven a large part of the retail business. The second thing I think we were undoubtedly seeing is that we are moving our position with the retailers from being a productivity tool to being more of a strategic enabler. If you look at the agendas that they are pursuing, the offerings that we have are central to some of the transformations that they are trying to accomplish, for example, around omni-channel. And one example that I would give you is the offering which we released at NRF, called SmartLens, which we think is a true demonstration of industry leadership of how workflows and operations in retail can transform with the help of the technology we're offering.
Jason A. Rodgers - Great Lakes Review: Wonder if you could just talk a little bit more about the softness in China, if that was due to the competitive factors, and some detail on your plans to improve results there?
Anders Gustafsson - Zebra Technologies Corp.: Yes. China has always been a competitive market. It's a very important market for Zebra, where we have a strong position. So we have been working on developing some comprehensive go-to-market plans to strengthen our position there. And we're also  we will also be introducing some new enhanced product offerings over the next several quarters to help grow our business further. And I'd say the early signs of our go-to-market plans, the implementation of our go-to-market plans have been very encouraging.
Joachim Heel - Zebra Technologies Corp.: Yes. I think the other thing to note is as we're looking at China in particular, we are cycling a prior year that was extremely strong, right? We had double-digit growth in the first half of the last year in China. And this year, we have that compare to deal with. That said, as Anders mentioned, we have some aggressive plans underway to build on that further, and we're quite confident that we're on the right path with that.
Jason A. Rodgers - Great Lakes Review: And then finally, why was services flat for the quarter? And just looking at your Zebra OneCare offering, how many mobile devices do you currently have under management?
Anders Gustafsson - Zebra Technologies Corp.: So, we don't have  I can't give you the exact number of devices we have under management. But let me talk more generally about services. We actually have a strong momentum in services around our Managed Services, and in particular, the Visibility Services that we offer. And we are continuing to invest in that space. We think this service is a great add-on to our portfolio. And it supports our Enterprise Asset Intelligence vision. The other thing that's important to us about services is that we have been able to continuously improve our margins. And we expect that to continue also.
Jason A. Rodgers - Great Lakes Review: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Jim Ricchiuti with Needham & Company. Please go ahead.
James Ricchiuti - Needham & Co. LLC: Hi, thank you, good morning. And this is maybe related in part to the last question. But I'm just looking at the  wondering how we should think about that services and software line looking out over the next one to two quarters. And there may be some moving parts here. But I'm just curious about the year-over-year decline in the first half of the year.
Anders Gustafsson - Zebra Technologies Corp.: The services and software line, I think go back to what Joe said; we certainly have strong momentum around our Professional Services, our Managed Services. So that's around our what we call OVS and AVS, where that's been  those types of visibility service have been very much liked by our customers and we see great demand for those. We could say also we had less devices to repair in the second quarter, which put a damper on the revenue side, but that's kind of good news/bad news. One thing to remember though maybe will be that when we sell a large new mobile computer contract, usually what happens is that that customer had an existing fleet of devices that were under  not under warranty but that we were servicing that under service contract. But in the first year after a refresh, that fleet is now under warranty. So we don't get any service revenue for that.
James Ricchiuti - Needham & Co. LLC: Got it. Are you guys satisfied with the level of activity you're seeing with respect to the software initiatives?
Anders Gustafsson - Zebra Technologies Corp.: You can always do better. But we feel that we've been making good progress on software. If you look at say OVS-as-a-software type of service for us. That's been well ahead of our internal plans. And we have a number of other software initiatives that we're working on. So I think we're making good progress there.
James Ricchiuti - Needham & Co. LLC: Yeah.
Joachim Heel - Zebra Technologies Corp.: Software is essential to our Enterprise Asset Intelligence strategy, right? But, yet, we're being quite strategic with where we invest and then deploy in software because we also have a large partner ecosystem. And our software and the developments we're doing is designed to enhance that partner ecosystem and really support our partners in offering their own capabilities alongside ours. OVS, as Anders mentioned, is a great example of a cloud-deployed software environment that we invested in, that our partners can then build their offerings around. So we're actually quite pleased with how those are being accepted in the marketplace.
Olivier Leonetti - Zebra Technologies Corp.: And finally, Jim, to conclude, we believe that the service and software lines would grow faster than the company average.
James Ricchiuti - Needham & Co. LLC: That's helpful. Got it. And final question just on gross margins, product gross margins. Mainly it looks being impacted by mix in terms of the new mobile computing device. How should we think about product gross margins looking out to the second half of the year? Will we continue to see these trends?
Olivier Leonetti - Zebra Technologies Corp.: So, the answer is yes. And your characterization of the first quarter, Jim, is correct. So based upon the stronger big mix than expected we had in our quarter, our margin was lower. But overall, we ended up with a margin, which is in line with what we would have expected. Our run rate gross margin, which is something we look at very closely, has been strong for a period of time and was strong in the quarter. And as well we have a very strong pricing governance process in the company. And that delivers  that allows us to deliver a balanced margin profile. And to answer to your second question, we expect the gross margin in second half, the gross margin rate to be indeed stronger.
James Ricchiuti - Needham & Co. LLC: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Richard Eastman with Robert W. Baird. Please go ahead.
Richard Eastman - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Yes, good morning. Anders or maybe Joe, I'll just try to direct the question myself. But at the end of the day, could you just kind of speak to growth in the channel versus the direct business on the mobile computing side? If I look at, your legacy Zebra business and the core growth rate there, just 3.5%, 3.7%. Is that indicative of how maybe the channel is performing, and upside to that is on the direct sales at Enterprise? Is that a fair way to look at the business? Or...
Anders Gustafsson - Zebra Technologies Corp.: I'd characterize it kind of in the following way, I think. The run rate business for us is kind of the base on which we work. Then larger deals, we can add on that on top as cream on the cake. So for us, it's absolutely essential that the run rate business performs very strongly. And specifically for mobile computing here, the run rate business were strong. It was actually quite strong and we're seeing good signs that the Android part of the portfolio is picking up steam in the channel. That's part of the run rate. We have enough volume in the market that the broader ecosystem of partners is picking that up and starting to service those accounts also. We were actually quite pleased with the performance of the channel for our mobile computers in Q2. Yeah.
Joachim Heel - Zebra Technologies Corp.: In particular, we have  of course, the regions are quite different, right? In terms of how we deal with the channels in each of the regions. But to give you one example in North America, we had a very strong share in the distribution for our mobile computers and across our portfolio. So we're quite pleased with how the run rate has developed in North American distribution to give you one example.
Richard Eastman - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Okay. And then just a follow-up question on the other end-markets, logistics you mentioned was especially strong. Maybe is that a mobile computing-driven end market? And then also, could you just touch on industrial and health care, just how they performed up or down, and any momentum there?
Anders Gustafsson - Zebra Technologies Corp.: Yes, transportation and logistics, which was started with, I think, was a good quarter for us before that, it continues to be very strong vertical for us. We had some very strong secular growth trends that's going to fueling that growth, not least has been part of the shift to e-commerce and much more parcel delivery that's going out. So for us, T&L would last several quarters, have seen good growth. And we expect it to continue to demonstrate good growth also. We have introduced several new products in the last two, three quarters that are fit very well into the T&L vertical, so both our TC70, TC75 as well as the TC51 and TC56 are well-suited for that vertical and have been well adopted there also. So T&L is an early adopter and a strong driver of our Android growth also. Within T&L, we do have some of our newer EAI type solutions like SmartPack that is both demonstrating some good industry leadership for us, but also have been generating good growth over the last several quarters for us. If you look at health care, that's been our fastest growing vertical over the last several years. The catalyst for that growth has really been focused on the electronic medical health records. So then you'll have, you can say, an electronic database where you can attach other digital information. Our value proposition in health care is strong. It talks both about how we improve patient care, but also how we lower cost and efficiencies. And for health care, again, we've seen growth started to happen outside of the U.S. Health care started off as very much a U.S. led activity. But in the recent quarters, we've seen good wins in Middle East and other parts of Asia. In the past quarter, we also announced our new relationship with GE Healthcare for more flexible and affordable asset tracking solutions in hospitals. That's based on our beacon technologies. We also, in the last quarter, introduced some new health care versions of existing products. So we have a TC51 Health Care and a DS8100 Scanner for Health Care. So, the portfolio is getting to be fuller for more specialized devices for health care. And then lastly, manufacturing, I think the driver in manufacturing is going to continue to be greater visibility in mobility solutions. And in Q2, we featured our Network Connect solution at the ProMat Trade Show. That's the solution we developed with Rockwell to get our printers and scanners, primarily, designed into their ecosystem. I think that's a great offering and very helpful to their customers. And we've seen the pipeline grow for that, quite nicely. Maybe lastly in that vertical, I'd highlight our new top-end, tabletop printers, the ZT600 and ZT500 that we have recently introduced. We expect those to be good drivers for us also in that market.
Richard Eastman - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Okay. I understand. And can I also just ask for one clarification. Olivier, you had mentioned that in the third quarter, you were talking to the third quarter and you mentioned higher gross margin versus the prior period and also operating expenses in line with the prior period. Is prior the second quarter, or is prior the third quarter of 2016?
Olivier Leonetti - Zebra Technologies Corp.: The Q3 of last year, Rich.
Richard Eastman - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Okay. Perfect. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Keith Housum with Northcoast Research. Please go ahead.
Keith Housum - Northcoast Research Partners LLC: Good morning, guys and congratulations on a great quarter. If I know just give a bit more color, I think on the comment you made, Olivier, regarding the reserve reversal, I think 3% in China. Could you provide a little more color on that, and does that drop straight down to gross margins?
Olivier Leonetti - Zebra Technologies Corp.: It would impact gross margins on the one-to-one basis. And you will have some dilution on Op Inc as we will increase incentive compensation because of that amount. It would mainly, Keith, flow to the bottom line.
Keith Housum - Northcoast Research Partners LLC: Okay. So the increase  the EBITDA guidance you have for increasing gross margins year-over-year, sequentially is going to be an impressive increase in gross margins, correct? Will you take that out of consideration? Or is there any reserve reversal anticipating in the third quarter?
Olivier Leonetti - Zebra Technologies Corp.: So the impact of the reversal had an impact on the margin and on the operating income, but the rest of the portfolio was also strong. Even if you strip that out, you would see that the performance in the quarter from a margin standpoint or EBITDA standpoint was also strong.
Keith Housum - Northcoast Research Partners LLC: Okay. Got it. And as I look at your guidance, if you look at the tax guidance you guys providing, is there any change in that compared to the guidance you gave in the prior quarter? Are you thinking of a tax rate for the year might be a little lower than previous?
Olivier Leonetti - Zebra Technologies Corp.: We haven't changed our tax guidance. We believe that we should guide in the low to mid-20% range. And I would advise you to take that as a planning and modeling assumption, Keith.
Keith Housum - Northcoast Research Partners LLC: Okay, great. And if I can just sneak-in one, quick one in here. Mobile computers it looks like another impressive quarter for you guys. It's been following the last quarter's impressive performance. Is there any sense that you've got a refresh cycle starting in anticipation of the January 2020 end-of-life of the Microsoft operating system?
Anders Gustafsson - Zebra Technologies Corp.: I think we would characterize it today as we've seen certain verticals being early adopters of Android. And I would say the two to highlight would be, retail, the postal parts certainly within transportation and logistics but even beyond postal, health care certainly also on but it's a smaller volume, say, than that. But there are some other areas that are not quite as early adopters. And we would expect them to start to deploy more Android-based devices as we go forward here. I'm not sure we want to characterize those verticals or people who haven't yet switched to Android as having a huge upgrade cycle before 2020. Although, we do expect that the vast majority of these, our estimate that 30 million (sic) [13 million] Windows devices that are out there in the market will become  will be upgraded to Android before 2020.
Joachim Heel - Zebra Technologies Corp.: One addition perhaps. I think we've said this in prior calls is in retail in particular but also more broadly in the market, you have large customers who adopt the technology and lead to individual large purchases. But you also have the channel-based business. And what we've seen is that the large customers have been the early adopters. And so many of the deals that we've seen in particular in Q2, have been of that variety and have benefited us. We still expect that the channel-based business, smaller transactions will catch up and will have an equally high share of Android come into play in the quarters to come. And that will then provide  drive our business going forward.
Keith Housum - Northcoast Research Partners LLC: Great. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from James Faucette with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
James E. Faucette - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thank you very much. I just had a couple of follow-up questions to some of the comments that we've already touched on. I guess the first is when you look at your mobile computing and the strength that you're beginning to see there, how much of this is coming from either new customers or customers with whom you've haven't had much of an engagement versus our follow-up to the data capture deals as you talked a lot about last year? And then, just looking for a little more color on the uptake of software products, I can appreciate how you need to work within and continue to support your borrowers and other partners. But where  what kinds of products are you seeing the most strength? And how should we expect the capabilities of those to evolve? Thank you.
Anders Gustafsson - Zebra Technologies Corp.: So, I'll start and, say, maybe Joe can help out here also. So first on mobile computing and the strength we're seeing there, I think your question was about, are we attracting a lot of new customers into our portfolio or into our business versus just refreshing with existing ones? And we have a healthy mix of both. But I can say we have a number of large customers that we  had not been  who had not been using our mobile computers before. So, we've definitely seen us being able to expand our share position on the back of our Android portfolio. Our mobile computing market share position today is as strong as it's been in many, many years. And particularly based on the Android performance we have. So very good news, I think, across all aspects of how it's helping us drive more business. And as part of that also, we have many examples of how the One Zebra plays out, that we can get the good win with new customer for, say, mobile computing. But on the back of that, we were able to position mobile printing and come in with scanners and so forth. We can position the entire portfolio on the back of that. On the software side, I wasn't quite as clear on exactly what the question was, but I'll start and I'll ask Joe to help out here also. But first, as we said, we want to be very careful with software in that we work very closely with our valued reseller partners. And we don't want to compete with them. We want them to think of us as good partners. We're also partnering with a lot of ISVs, Independent Software Vendors, to ensure that we can include all of their applications into our portfolio of solutions that we can offer. It provides great value for them and getting a greater reach, but also enables us to help solve more customer problems. But we have a number of software initiatives going on. I would say the one that probably is the most prominent, maybe here will be around our services, OVS and AVS. So there we have a common Zebra platform. Part of that would be our  set our platform that we talked about some years back that we have used as the core for that. But we also look at things like our Hart Systems solutions or Zebra Retail solutions. That's a great device-as-a-service or another service offering but it's based on software applications that we've written to be able to take advantage of that opportunity and deliver that service. So, that our software solution tend to be more vertically oriented, specifically focused on how to revolutionize how customers are deploying to some of their use cases and workflows. Similarly with Location Solutions, that is largely a software business, which addresses workflows for a lot of our different customers. So, I don't know Joe, if you have any...
Joachim Heel - Zebra Technologies Corp.: Yes. I mean, perhaps one thing that's helpful in thinking about our software business, that's creating some interest out there, is to think about four different levels at which we are bringing the software to market. The first one that's been out there for some time is where we're augmenting our devices. Those would be things like we write software that makes them easier to deploy into customer environment. We write software that allows you to do a voice communication on a device like our Workforce Connect client. A second level is within building platforms that provide functionality over and above the device but using information from the device. What Anders mentioned, our OVS is a cloud-based platform that provides customers visibility into those devices in real-time, at any given point in time and at any place. And also provides a great platform for our partners to write applications too so that they can offer their own capabilities. The third level, which is the one we're carefully moving into is the level of applications. So on these platforms, you can now write applications that provide entirely new functionalities. Take for example the SmartLens platform that allows a retailer to have visibility to all of their inventory and activity in their store. You can imagine applications of many varieties, loss prevention or inventory management, omni-channel fulfillment. We are creating some of those to feed the market. But we're also working closely with partners to have them build a lot of these applications. And then the fourth level, as Anders mentioned, are what we would call solutions like our Location Solutions offering where the software is an embedded part of the total offering. The customer doesn't really buy the software, the hardware, the service, but they buy a total outcome that is enabled by the software. Those will be the four that might characterize the business.
James E. Faucette - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Excellent.
Operator: The next question comes from Jeff Kessler with Imperial Capital. Please go ahead.
Jeffrey Ted Kessler - Imperial Capital LLC: Thank you. Can you talk a little bit about improving your customer experience so that your  if you want to call it, your length, your life with the customer, and the dependence of that customer on you as a consultative partner becomes greater and greater so that essentially, there is very little reason and very little choice for them to move away from you? And I'm thinking certainly about things like the One Zebra programs. Things that you were doing to combine both product but also your software and services that you've alluded to already to keep that customer much more sticky?
Anders Gustafsson - Zebra Technologies Corp.: Yes. So that's a big topic. That's kind of everything we do to some degree. But it's a good topic for us now also. From an internal perspective, we have worked really hard for two and a half years to go through the integration of the Enterprise business and to get off the Motorola's ERP system and get off all the TSAs. So now we're done with that, I think we're taking a step back to make sure that we are now also offering the right customer experience. It's very important to us that our customers and partners see that we are the best partner for them to work with across a variety of different ways. So we're mapping out a little bit of the customer journey. Now different touch points we have with customers, and how can we make that all better. But some of the bigger ones that we have I would say is around our channel program. That's something that's going to be foundational to how we engage with our partners and ultimately with our end users. And that's been well received by the market. But it's a live document. We always keep looking at how we can make it even better. We have our services engagements, which is a very important part of it also. And we always work on making sure that we can deliver services that meet or exceed the service level agreements we have with our customers across the board. And also, no small part is the portfolio of products we have, right? We have the right solution to address our customers' needs and software and services are certainly part of that. So this is a very broad thing for us and one something we're taking very seriously. We do look at our Net Promoter Scores and try to drive those up every year to make sure that we are delivering the kind of experience that our customers should be expecting from us.
Jeffrey Ted Kessler - Imperial Capital LLC: That's kind of what I was driving at. While the Net Promoter Score is just a number, it's more than a number when you compare it against your peers.
Anders Gustafsson - Zebra Technologies Corp.: Yes. And to us, it is a number. But it helps us dig into various aspects of other questions there to identify where we might have some weak spots and try to make sure we come up with kind of a closed loop engagement where we go back to those customers or partners and explore what it is they are less satisfied with and make sure we have a good response and we can then modify if it is a program issue or some other performance issue or whatever it is we're doing that isn't fully meeting the mark.
Joachim Heel - Zebra Technologies Corp.: We actually have a very disciplined and broad-reaching program around NPS in the company that the sales forces are engaged in. It covers both customers and partners. And we use it as a tool to then dig into where do we have opportunities to improve, on an ongoing basis. So NPS for us is a core metric.
Jeffrey Ted Kessler - Imperial Capital LLC: And is Android education, Android spending on customers a part, a big part of getting them used to a new system that they might not normally consider to be in their best interest at the beginning where it could be in your interest, to keep them on longer once they get used to it?
Anders Gustafsson - Zebra Technologies Corp.: I'm not sure if I fully understand the question.
Jeffrey Ted Kessler - Imperial Capital LLC: I'm trying to think the amount of time you're spending on adapting the customers and getting them to adopt Android. So that something that is not maybe a little bit aliening to them at the beginning become something that is more sticky to them in the end?
Anders Gustafsson - Zebra Technologies Corp.: Yes. To that point, we do have a significant training, educational material. So we go out and engage with our through, say, first our distribution partners to help train a lot of our resellers to get made them comfortable and understanding the value proposition of Android versus Microsoft or other operating systems, and understanding our portfolio and how that  where it makes sense to position it. And similarly, we do that with end-user customers, too. We have a number of partner advisory councils and end-user councils where we also discuss how can we best do those things. But we see it as the market leader as part of our job is to educate the market on the direction we see and how it's developing.
Joachim Heel - Zebra Technologies Corp.: But I would see the dynamic around Android in regards to stickiness is a little bit different than you described, right? So we are working hard and moving aggressively to get customers onto the Android platform for the well-known reasons around that. Now when the customer decides to go to the Android platform, currently, we do have an advantage in doing that. We have a broader portfolio. We have very well performing products. We have a great set of tools and capabilities around those. But we have to be also aware of the fact that Android is not exclusive to us, right? Android is open in the market, and therefore, once a customer moves to Android, then also other Android competitors can go and pursue that. That means for us, we have to stay ahead and it's our strategy to stay ahead through the value-added that we've been talking about, right? Superior Android environment, better security, better operating environment, software capabilities and services that's around that. That's the way that we can then keep the customer sticky to our solution once they make the Android transition.
Anders Gustafsson - Zebra Technologies Corp.: To that point, we introduced at LifeGuard. I think it was in the beginning of Q2. That is an enhanced service for our Android devices where we can provide security patches and other bug patches for the life of the device. So otherwise, if you think of more into consumer world, that tends to be you support the current and then maybe one or two older versions of the operating system. We are supporting much further back because we know that our customers are expecting to use those products for much longer. This is not a throwaway product that can be in the market for five years. And we want to make sure that we can provide the similar level of service for them throughout the use of those devices. And that's a differentiated offering that makes it very sticky.
Jeffrey Ted Kessler - Imperial Capital LLC: Okay. Great. Thank you very much.
Anders Gustafsson - Zebra Technologies Corp.: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Jeremie Capron with ROBO Global. Please go ahead.
Jeremie Capron - ROBO Global: Good morning. Thanks very much for squeezing me in here. I would like to ask about pricing trends. To what extent is pricing a positive factor on your margin trajectory today? And is this something that you see as sustainable, particularly in the context of the strong cycle of new products that you just come through?
Anders Gustafsson - Zebra Technologies Corp.: Yes. Pricing, so as I said earlier, we are in a competitive market. We have to be thoughtful about how we price. We certainly always try to make sure we have a disciplined, yet, very flexible approach to that. We don't want to lose deals on price but we certainly don't also want to win deals on price. We are always striving to have a premium for our products. We think that we have the best portfolio in the industry. And as such, we should have a premium to other competing solutions. It is our understanding and belief based on the market research we do that we tend to have a premium. It's not infinite. But there was a premium. And we worked very hard to make sure that we are very thoughtful about how we price and how we make sure that we offer our customers a fair and attractive offer, but also one that allows us to continue to invest in the business and generate a return for our shareholders.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Steele, for any closing remarks.
Michael A. Steele - Zebra Technologies Corp.: Thank you, all, for joining the call. Have a great day.
Operator: This conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-05-09 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Michael A. Steele - Zebra Technologies Corp. Anders Gustafsson - Zebra Technologies Corp. Olivier Leonetti - Zebra Technologies Corp. Joachim Heel - Zebra Technologies Corp.
Analysts: Jim Ricchiuti - Needham & Co. LLC James E. Faucette - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Richard Eastman - Robert W. Baird & Co. Matthew Cabral - Goldman Sachs & Co. Keith Housum - Northcoast Research Partners LLC Jason A. Rodgers - Great Lakes Review Jeffrey Ted Kessler - Imperial Capital LLC Paul J. Chung - JPMorgan Securities LLC
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Q1 2017 Zebra Technologies Earnings Release Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode. After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mike Steele, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Michael A. Steele - Zebra Technologies Corp.: Good morning and thank you for joining us. Today's conference call and slide presentation will include prepared remarks from Anders Gustafsson, our Chief Executive Officer, and Olivier Leonetti, our Chief Financial Officer. Anders will begin by discussing our first quarter highlights and key drivers of the results. Olivier will then provide more detail on the financials and discuss our outlook for 2017. Anders will conclude with discussion of recent progress made on Zebra's strategic priorities. Following the prepared remarks, we will take your questions. Joe Heel, our Senior Vice President of Global Sales, is traveling internationally and has joined us by phone. This presentation is being simulcast on our website at investors.zebra.com and will be archived there for at least one year. Before we begin, I need to inform you that certain statements made on this call include forward-looking statements, which are subject to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements reflect the company's current expectations concerning future events and are subject to a number of factors and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. A detailed discussion of these factors and uncertainties is contained in the company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. During this call, we will make reference to non-GAAP financial measures as we describe business performance. You can find reconciliations of our GAAP to non-GAAP results in today's earnings press release and at the end of this slide presentation. Also, as a reminder, our reported financial results include the divested wireless LAN business through October 2016. In this presentation, our references to year-over-year growth are on a constant currency basis and exclude wireless LAN sales from the first quarter 2016 results. Now I'll turn the call over to Anders.
Anders Gustafsson - Zebra Technologies Corp.: Thank you, Mike. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. As you see on slide four, we are off to a solid start in 2017. Our team executed well and delivered strong first quarter results, including adjusted net sales of $866 million with organic growth of 7% that exceeded our guidance range; gross margin expansion of 20 basis points; adjusted EBITDA margin of 17.2%, reflecting an 80-basis-point improvement over the prior year; non-GAAP EPS of $1.37, a 29% increase over Q1 of last year; and more than $100 million of free cash flow driven by improved profitability and prudent cash management. We achieved solid sales results with double-digit growth in EMEA and Latin America and 5% growth in North America, driven by strong demand across our retail and e-commerce customer base. Growth was diversified across our major lines of business with especially strong results in mobile computing and data capture. This was led by our industry-leading portfolio of solutions and the strong reception from large enterprises for our newest offerings. In the quarter, we extended our market leadership and delivered innovation to our customers. Our solutions are essential to our customers to execute on their strategies. We've also witnessed an improved environment compared to the very challenging first quarter 2016. Our stronger-than-expected Q1 provides us the confidence to increase our full-year sales outlook. With that, let me now turn the call over to Olivier to review our financial results in greater detail and discuss our 2017 outlook.
Olivier Leonetti - Zebra Technologies Corp.: Thank you, Anders. Before we get started, I would like to remind you that all references to year-over-year sales growth are on a constant currency basis and exclude wireless LAN sales from the first quarter 2016 results. Let us begin with a walk-through the P&L. As you can see on slide five, adjusted net sales for the first quarter were $866 million, up 7%. Our first quarter sales performance was driven by strength across our product portfolio, especially, mobile computing and data capture, resulting in growth across all regions. Enterprise segment sales of $544 million increased approximately 9%. Pre-transaction Zebra sales were $322 million, up approximately 3%. Printing and supplies were higher, as were sales in our location solutions business. Sales of services increased slightly from last year. Turning to our regions. Sales growth in North America was up 5%, driven by strength in mobile computing and data capture. We continue to perform well in retail and e-commerce, as the industry continues to transform to meet evolving consumer purchasing preferences. As Anders highlighted, EMEA sales increased 11% from a year ago, driven by double-digit growth in data capture, printing and mobile computing. We saw strength across most of the continent in an improving macroenvironment. Latin America sales increased 16%, as we cycled weak first quarter 2016 sales. We saw especially strong sales in printing and supplies across the region. Sales in Asia Pacific were up 1%, as we are cycling strong results in the first half of 2016. Consolidated adjusted gross margin of 46.4% was 20 basis points higher than the prior-year period, primarily due to our product cost reduction initiatives, partially offset by slightly lower services margin. Adjusted operating expenses in Q1 were flat compared to last year. The impact of the sale of the wireless LAN business was primarily offset by higher incentive compensation expense associated with our improved operating performance. First quarter 2017 adjusted EBITDA margin was 17.2%, an 80-basis-point increase from the prior-year period. This was driven by higher sales and improved gross margin. Q1 EBITDA margin was negatively impacted by approximately 30 basis points due to foreign currency impacts. Non-GAAP earnings per diluted share increased to $1.37 in the first quarter, an increase of $0.31, or 29%, from the prior-year period. Integration expenses of $27 million in Q1 declined by $9 million from the prior-year period. With the successful launch of our fully integrated ERP, we expect spending to be sequentially lower in the second quarter. We expect minimum integration expense in the second half of 2017, as we complete the first steps to exiting all remaining Motorola Solutions transition service agreements. Turning now to the balance sheet and cash flow highlights on slide six. We ended the first quarter with $180 million in cash, which includes $99 million held outside the U.S. Zebra has strong liquidity and no borrowings on our $250 million revolving credit facility. As of the end of the first quarter, we had $2.6 billion of long-term debt on the balance sheet, of which approximately two-thirds is fixed rate, including nearly $700 million of floating to fixed LIBOR swaps against our term loan. Strong Q1 cash flow of $104 million enabled us to pay down $80 million of principal on our term loan in the quarter. Free cash flow increased by $27 million, or 35%, compared to the first quarter of last year, primarily due to increased profitability, solid working capital management and lower capital expenditures. With respect to foreign exchange, as a reminder, we have a rolling four-quarter hedging program in place to mitigate the impact of euro to U.S. dollar exchange rate volatility. Approximately one-quarter of total company sales are denominated in euros and it is the only currency where we have much exposure to cash flow and profitability. Slide seven shows our path to financial deleveraging. Our top priority for cash flow and excess cash balances is to aggressively pay down acquisition debt. We expect to exceed our original goal of $650 million of debt paid down for the 2016 and 2017 two-year period. Our net debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio dropped below four times as of the end of the first quarter, which is down from more than 5 times as of the close of the Enterprise acquisition in late 2014. Our ultimate goal is a leverage ratio of approximately 3 times. On slide eight, you will see that for the second quarter of 2017, we expect the change in adjusted net sales to be between negative 2% and positive 1% on a nominal basis. Organic sales growth is expected to be between 3% and 6%, which excludes the adverse impact of 4 percentage points from wireless LAN as well as the adverse impact of 1 percentage point from changes in foreign currency rates. We expect organic sales growth to moderate through the balance of 2017, considering the more challenging year-over-year comparisons and the lumpy nature of our business. Second quarter 2017 adjusted EBITDA margin is expected to improve from last year and to be in the range of 17% to 18%. This rate assumes flat to slightly higher gross margin as compared to the prior-year period. We expect to drive adjusted operating expenses as a percentage of sales, lower than both Q1 and the prior-year period. Non-GAAP diluted EPS is expected to be in the range of $1.35 to $1.55. Given our strong first quarter sales and backlog entering our second quarter, we are raising our full-year sales growth outlook. We now expect low to mid-single-digit organic sales growth. This outlook excludes the adverse impact of 3 percentage points from wireless LAN as well as the adverse impact of 1 percentage point from changes in foreign currency rates. Full-year 2017 adjusted EBITDA margin is expected to be in the range of 18% to 19%, which is higher than 2016 and assume a 40-basis-point adverse impact from foreign currency changes. Our full-year outlook assumes slightly higher gross margin rates compared to the prior-year period due to cost reductions and productivity improvements. We also expect to drive lower adjusted operating expenses due to productivity improvements as we complete the integration of the company. For 2017, we expect debt paydown to exceed free cash flow. Our goal is to pay down at least $300 million of debt, which is supported by higher EBITDA, lower integration expenses, lower interest cost and reduced cash on hand required to operate the business. Other full-year 2017 modeling assumptions shown on slide eight include: interest expense of approximately $165 million to $170 million, which includes non-cash amortization of approximately $20 million to $22 million; stock-based compensation expense of $30 million to $35 million; non-GAAP tax rate in the low to mid-20% range; capital expenditure of approximately 2% of revenue; and depreciation and amortization expenses of $260 million to $265 million. With that, I will turn the call back to Anders.
Anders Gustafsson - Zebra Technologies Corp.: Thank you, Olivier. We are focused on several areas to build upon our leading positions globally and to drive profitable growth and cash flow. First, we are leveraging our scale, innovation and relationships with customers and partners to extend our leadership with the most innovative portfolio of enterprise solutions and sensing technologies in the market. It is the one-year anniversary of our redesigned channel partner program, which was the most comprehensive change to our channel strategy in company history. In April, we began hosting our annual meetings with partners around the globe and feedback has been extremely positive. The new program has added thousands of value-added resellers and has successfully provided better incentives for partners to expand and grow their business with Zebra. Second, we're advancing our vision of Enterprise Asset Intelligence, or EAI, by leveraging Zebra's deep knowledge of the markets we serve and capitalizing on key technology trends. I will elaborate on our progress in this important strategic area in a moment. Third, we are executing on the final phase of the Enterprise integration. Last week, we went live with our global ERP and IT ecosystem. The final key milestone of our integration is to have exited all remaining third-party service agreements by the end of the third quarter. As we wrap up the integration, we have the opportunity to further increase productivity across the enterprise and improve the experience for our partners and customers. Our fourth area of focus is to further enhance Zebra's financial strength by increasing profitability, improving cash flow and optimizing our capital structure. As we continue to drive profitable sales growth and improve productivity, we will enhance cash flow generation to aggressively pay down debt to achieve our target capital structure. Now turning to slide 10. Zebra's resources and deep market expertise make us uniquely positioned to capitalize on key mega trends in mobility, cloud computing and the proliferation of smart devices. To address the opportunities these trends create, we have developed an operational framework that enables more intelligent enterprises. It starts with solutions that sense information from all Enterprise assets such as inventory in a warehouse, medical equipment in a hospital, and customers in a retail store. Data from these assets including status, location, utilization or preferences is then analyzed to provide actionable insights in real-time. This EAI framework includes Zebra's hardware, software, services and analytics, which connect customers' physical assets, systems and people. This provides a digital view of the entire Enterprise, which enables visibility into their business operations and workflows, resulting in smarter business decisions. Our offerings resonate with our customers as we collaborate and innovate with them on a daily basis. Slide 11 highlights how we serve our key industry verticals. Major trends in each vertical are driving opportunities for Zebra. Examples include a higher proportion of retail sales executed online or through multiple channels, increased shipping demands for transportation providers, more hospitals running on real-time healthcare systems and increased mobility in the manufacturing environment. Zebra's solutions assist Enterprise customers across multiple industries to gain critical insights into their operations, comply with increasing regulations, enhance the customer experience and empower their mobile work force with actionable information. At the ProMat trade show in April, we announced new offerings in the transportation and logistics and manufacturing sector that further differentiate us as the leader in Enterprise Asset Intelligence. We featured our SmartPack Trailer software analytics solutions, which enables fleet managers to maximize capacity utilization. We also featured our Network Connect solution for manufacturing, which seamlessly connects printers and scanners on the plant floor to the enterprise network without the complexity, failure points and workarounds common in today's environment. Zebra is a clear beneficiary of the transformation taking place in the retail sector. Both traditional brick-and-mortar and e-commerce retailers are committed to investing in their capabilities to enhance the customer experience. E-commerce fulfillment and omni-channel offerings are operationally intensive and we provide retailers the insight they need to meet increasing customer expectations. Our understanding of the complexity of these workflows makes our solutions essential to our customers' operations. We are winning in retail with our compelling offerings. As an example, we recently won a large competitive bid to provide a fully managed mobile computing solution for a leading pharmacy chain. The solution includes our new TC51 mobile computers and ET50 tablets, as well as providing support and managed services. Our mobile devices layer enterprise-rich features on top of the Android platform. We are uniquely positioned to provide security updates and patches for the full lifecycle of the devices, reducing the total cost of ownership below other competing mobile device offerings. Additionally, we will deploy our Asset Visibility Services offering, which provides the customers with insight into device health, utilization and availability, resulting in increased productivity and operational efficiency. In the healthcare sector, Zebra is capitalizing on opportunities to help enterprises advance the quality of care. Patient identification and timely treatment are critical success factors. Providers require smart, non-invasive technology that tracks the patient journey, including positive patient ID, laboratory specimen tracking and medication administration. Additionally, mobile communication with voice and secure texting, along with patient alert, will contribute to improved levels of care. In closing, we've had a strong start to the year, thanks to excellent execution by the Zebra team and their tremendous support of our partners and customers. Our strategy is working and our new products and solutions are being well received in the marketplace. Overall, we are confident with our positioning in the market, and we are energized by the opportunities ahead to drive value for our customers, partners and shareholders. With that, I'll hand the call over to Mike.
Michael A. Steele - Zebra Technologies Corp.: Thanks, Anders. We'll now open the call to Q&A. We ask that you limit yourself to one question and one follow-up so that we can get to as many of you as possible.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question will come from Jim Ricchiuti with Needham & Company. Please go ahead.
Jim Ricchiuti - Needham & Co. LLC: Hi. Thank you. Good morning. Thanks for the color on the retail market. Just in light of what we're seeing, at least, in the U.S. market, with the brick and mortar retailers, can you characterize that environment? Just it seems like the market is holding up pretty well. And then, just a follow-up question. If you can just go into a little bit more detail on some of the other key verticals, healthcare and the logistics market, what you're seeing in those markets? Thank you.
Anders Gustafsson - Zebra Technologies Corp.: Yes. Thanks, Jim. Retail has been a strong vertical for Zebra for a long time, right? And it clearly came off very well in the first quarter. We are capitalizing on some of the shifts that are going on in the retail today, but with movements from traditional, say, brick and mortar towards e-commerce and omni-channel spending. And I'd say all our brick and mortar customers and e-tailers, too, they are investing in our type of technologies today. So while they might be investing less in new stores or closing stores, they are prioritizing more IT type of capabilities in their CapEx budgets. We have also been very fortunate here now of being able to develop a very strong product portfolio that is resonating with our retail customers. Android has been well accepted by retail, and it's going very well there. And our Enterprise Asset Intelligence vision is also resonating very well, as we are coming up with more and more new types of solutions that help to drive greater visibility into their operations, such as with SmartLens. Then, moving on to some of your follow-on verticals here, so in healthcare, that's been our fastest growing vertical over the past several years. We see strong growth drivers for continued good performance around both the ability to help improve the quality of care, but also the efficiency of care or the cost of care. The electronic medical health records is really the catalyst for this to happen. But we also are starting to see better growth in healthcare from outside of the U.S. It started off really being a  say, a North America vertical, but now it's becoming more prevalent, more spending in Europe, Middle East and Asia also. And we have some new products coming out here in Q2, like the TC51 for healthcare that we expect to drive greater growth also. And lastly, I think you asked about our transportation/logistics vertical. Again, it's been a strong vertical for us. It's been benefiting from some good secular trends, particularly, the shift to e-commerce. So you have so many more packages that needs to be delivered to enterprises and to people's homes. And we've gained a good amount of share in the T&L space over the last couple of years. And again, we have expanded our type of solutions to the ones I had mentioned on the prepared remarks, like the SmartPack at the ProMat show. Also, we have the Preload Smart Scan solutions, but both of those are great Enterprise Asset Intelligence solutions, that's been resonating very well with our customers.
Jim Ricchiuti - Needham & Co. LLC: Thanks very much.
Operator: Our next question will come from James Faucette with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
James E. Faucette - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great. Thank you very much. Wanted to look a little bit forward in terms of with the integration of Motorola and Zebra finally wrapping up, what have you done internally to further cross-sell? Has this become part of compensation, et cetera? And then, I just had a clarifying question. It sounds like you're basically done with the ERP system transition. So should we expect that expenses associated with that ERP transition should continue to fall in the second half of the year? Thanks.
Anders Gustafsson - Zebra Technologies Corp.: Yeah. So I'll start with first  on the cross-selling side, I'll ask Joe Heel to also then participate in that and give some further details on what's going on. But, yeah, we've put a lot of emphasis around the One Zebra across not just sales, but across the entire company on making sure that we get aligned and we can prioritize the right things across the company. From a go-to-market perspective, we have invested a lot in cross-training our salespeople and the systems engineers to ensure that they are as comfortable and as well-versed in all of our different types of solutions. We also have overlays that can provide specific more deeper expertise in parts of our portfolio, because it's always hard for any one person to be an expert in the breadth of portfolio that we have. And I say that's been working very well. We've seen a lot of great wins that has been really a result of the One Zebra where we've either been able to pull in printers into an account, which was strong  had a strong position for our Enterprise business or vice versa. So that's been working well, but it's a work-in-progress. We will continue to work hard on making sure that we get the entire sales team as well-trained and focused on the entire portfolio. And that also goes to our partners. Joe, do you want to add a little bit to that?
Joachim Heel - Zebra Technologies Corp.: Yes. You touched on all the high points. We'd integrated the sales force relatively quickly as you might remember already at the end of 2014. And we intensively trained the sales forces in cross-selling the full portfolio of products. We also at the beginning of 2015 already introduced a compensation plan, which to this day, rewards the salespeople for cross-selling. And that has shown results in our big deals as well as in our revenue overall. We've also had an initiative underway across the company to integrate on a cultural level that a large percentage of our employees have already participated in to bring the cultures of Motorola and Zebra together to a One Zebra culture. And the other piece I would highlight in the cross-selling is that our  as we transition towards more and more solutions such as the SmartLens offering that we mentioned, our professional services will play an increasingly important role in bringing solutions that span really across the portfolio and layer value-added on top of the product that we brought together and the acquisition to market through professional services that bring those solutions to life. So a broad array really of cross-selling activity.
James E. Faucette - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Richard Eastman with Robert W. Baird.
Richard Eastman - Robert W. Baird & Co.: Yes. Good morning. Anders, could you maybe speak to the Zebra legacy business, the printing business? And maybe some thoughts around the growth rate and the growth expectations there. It sounds like, at least in this quarter, very good quarter for printing in Latin America. But how about the rest of the world outside of Latin America and U.S. What are the expectations as you go forward on the printing side of the business? And can we accelerate any growth in that side of the business?
Anders Gustafsson - Zebra Technologies Corp.: Yeah. Our printing business has performed very, very well for many years, I'd say. We had a good quarter in Q1 for both printing and our supplies business. The One Zebra message we had around how to leverage the full complement of all our solutions to pull in more printing has been working well. It's been a success for us, I'd say. And I feel very good about the long-term outlook for our printing business. We have a very strong product road map that has some new products coming out later this year that I would expect to have a meaningful impact in the market. We do see significant opportunities to expand our supplies business, which we think of as somewhat unpenetrated vertical for us, or product space. And we are also including Enterprise Asset Intelligence capabilities into our printers. So Link-OS is a great differentiator for us. It enables our printers to be good network citizens in our customers' networks. Profile Manager is a capability we have which is unique to Zebra and very well-valued. And we talked about on the prepared remarks the Network Connect solution, which enables us to connect into Rockwell Automation's IT systems very easily and makes it a lot easier for our customers to expand and reconfigure their businesses. So we feel very good about where the printing business is. And I think we expect to see good growth as we go through the year.
Richard Eastman - Robert W. Baird & Co.: And then, just as a follow-up for Olivier. Just two questions. One is what would be an estimated range of integration and restructuring expense for the full year? And then, the second question would be around the deferred revenue is up meaningfully. Is that a function of services, professional services sales, the deferred revenue growth?
Olivier Leonetti - Zebra Technologies Corp.: So let me take your first question about restructuring. So we expect restructuring charges to decline significantly in Q2 and to be de minimis in the second half of the year. As we are finalizing the implementation of our ERP, we believe that cost would be significantly managed down. In terms of your second question for deferred revenue, we are today, as Anders indicated, entering more and more into the Enterprise Asset Intelligence space, meaning that our revenue has multiple elements in it, services, managed services and the deferred revenue was associated with those multiple elements, as I said, with our sales.
Richard Eastman - Robert W. Baird & Co.: Okay. All right. Great. Thank you.
Olivier Leonetti - Zebra Technologies Corp.: Welcome.
Operator: Our next question will come from Matt Cabral with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Matthew Cabral - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Yeah, thank you. So on Android, I'm just wondering if you could update us on where that stands relative to the overall mobile computing mix and just what the growth rate was in the quarter. And just more broadly, I'm curious about the traction that you've seen from the channel on Android and the prospects for smaller more run rate deals starting to catch up within the mix.
Anders Gustafsson - Zebra Technologies Corp.: Yeah, so first I'd say our mobile computing business had a very strong quarter, especially, in North America and Europe and driven in no small part to large wins, more large project-based wins. We got a lot of interest in our new Android solutions like the TC51 mobile computer and the tablets. So the Android migration generally is continuing to gain momentum for us. It's becoming a bigger part of our overall business. It's now about half of our total mobile computing sales and our market share is over 50% in Android compared to  which is higher than what we have overall. We have a very close working relationship with Google, which enables us to work more on early insights into what's coming in future releases and influence a little bit of what the roadmap will look like. And we have by far the broadest Android product portfolio with about 15 products in there. And in Q1 here, we launched a new service that we call LifeGuard, which basically enables us to extend security patches and security upgrades for all devices through the life cycle of those devices. And that's something that I think we are uniquely well-positioned to be able to do as we have such a big install base. But we should also say that Windows continues to be a very prominent operating system. And we think of ourselves as being agnostic in the war of operating systems. We want to provide the right device and the right operating system for our customers. And there's still a lot of Microsoft devices being shipped and the total legacy install base of Microsoft operating systems continues to be very large so the future opportunity to upgrade that and refresh that is substantial. And then on the channel side, Android has  initially took off from  based on our larger deals into our direct customers, but as time has gone by, we do see more and more channel business for Android. And the characteristics of those is very similar to the characteristics of similar deals for Microsoft. So I would say today the migration or the growth of Android in the channel is developing along the lines of how we expected it to. So we're pleased with that also.
Matthew Cabral - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it. And then, a quick follow-up for Olivier on gross margin. I was just wondering if you could talk a little bit more about what drove the expansion year-over-year and just how that splits across the Enterprise business versus legacy Zebra.
Olivier Leonetti - Zebra Technologies Corp.: So we are indeed pleased with our gross margin performance. It has been increasing by about 40 basis points year-on-year. It is due to multiple factors. One, the strength of the product portfolio. As Anders indicated, we are now selling more and more solutions on the back of our Enterprise Asset Intelligence strategy. So strength of the portfolio would be first. Second is also the focus of the Enterprise on maximizing productivity. We have  the DNA of the company is to improve cost management quarter after quarter and you see that happening in the P&L. And, third, we pay special attention to run rate margin. Joe and his team are very careful about how we price our portfolio, and you see that also happening, materializing in the gross margin performance.
Matthew Cabral - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thank you.
Operator: The next question will come from Keith Housum with Northcoast Research. Please go ahead.
Keith Housum - Northcoast Research Partners LLC: Good morning, gentlemen. Thanks for taking my question. And great quarter, by the way. I think  I've been covering Motorola for a lot of years and Enterprise probably did the best in a long time, so congratulations there. I just want to talk a little bit about the pace of sales during the quarter. I know the ordering window was closed at the end of April for a time and you guys were encouraging people to order early. Would you say that there was any pull-forward in business from the second quarter to the first quarter that occurred?
Anders Gustafsson - Zebra Technologies Corp.: Yes, as part of preparing for the ERP cutover which happened at the end of April, we worked with our distribution partners to ensure that they were appropriately stocked before that outage. And that basically translated into us working with them to make sure that they raised orders on us earlier, but not shipping. We designed these programs very carefully to have no impact or minimal impact on Q1. So we entered Q2 with more backlog in order so we could ship early in the second quarter to cover the period of ten days or so where we were  when the ERP system was down. But the intent was clearly to make sure that we minimized any impact on the first quarter. And if you look at the outlook for the second quarter, I think, it seems like we feel we have been able to achieve that objective without distorting Q2 based on any of this.
Keith Housum - Northcoast Research Partners LLC: Okay. Thanks. And then, Olivier, a question for you. Interest expense fell in the quarter sequentially by a good amount and if you annualize the $41 million, obviously, it's less than what you guys are guiding to. Was there anything unusual or interesting in the first quarter for interest expense that we should be aware of?
Olivier Leonetti - Zebra Technologies Corp.: Nothing specific. I'm going to state the obvious, but as Anders indicated, our priority number one is to reduce our debt burden. We want to overachieve our objective of repaying $300 million of debt this year, we are on track for that. Managing for cash is a focus across the enterprise, we have a cross-functional team working on all the elements of cash flow management and you see that happening at the moment.
Keith Housum - Northcoast Research Partners LLC: Right. But the $41 million, if I annualize that, that's $164 million, and you will be paying down debt during the year. So I guess, are we going to see a higher interest expense for the following quarters than what we saw in the first quarter?
Olivier Leonetti - Zebra Technologies Corp.: I would say lower. So you should expect interest charge to decrease as we go through the year, as we reduce our debt burden.
Keith Housum - Northcoast Research Partners LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: The next question will come from Jason Rodgers of Great Lakes Review. Please go ahead.
Jason A. Rodgers - Great Lakes Review: Yes. I wondered if you could talk about the performance of the manufacturing vertical in the quarter, and if you're seeing any signs of pickup there?
Anders Gustafsson - Zebra Technologies Corp.: Yes. So manufacturing is a vertical we've been participating in for a long time, and it was one of the real strengths for the original Zebra business. We are seeing visibility in mobility solutions being a driver for manufacturing. Some of the things we've been doing here to provide new innovative solutions, it would be around this Network Connect solution that we demonstrated at ProMat to get  facilitate or make it as easy as possible for customers or enterprises to incorporate printing and scanning into their work flows and into their IT ecosystems. And we're also working hard to expand the route delivery business. That's a big part of our manufacturing  of actually working with manufacturers to get their products delivered to  it could be restaurants or distribution centers and other things. So we see manufacturing to continue to be a good vertical for us. Not as high growth maybe as healthcare, but it's still a good growth business for us.
Jason A. Rodgers - Great Lakes Review: And you talked about some expectations for a moderation of organic growth in the second half of the year. Is that just due to the prior-year comparisons? Or are you seeing any reduction of larger projects in the pipeline?
Anders Gustafsson - Zebra Technologies Corp.: So the first quarter, I think, we had a particularly strong pipeline of large deals, to some degree, fueled by some of our newer products like the TC51, so we wouldn't expect to be able to maintain that high level of  or that cadence for kind of large project business. And then, second half also has tougher compares. So we would expect that the growth rate in the second half will moderate a bit from the first half.
Jason A. Rodgers - Great Lakes Review: And then, finally, I think you mentioned the expectations are for the gross margin to be  I think you said flat to slightly down year-over-year in the second quarter. Wondered why you're expecting that you'd not see a gross margin expansion year-over-year in the second quarter.
Olivier Leonetti - Zebra Technologies Corp.: Yeah, we believe that the margin for Q2 is expected to be flat to slightly higher. Yeah. And again, a few reasons for that. One is we're working on productivity initiatives, as I mentioned earlier; and, two, we have a very strong portfolio of products and solutions and that allows us to compete on viable, which is different than price.
Jason A. Rodgers - Great Lakes Review: Thank you.
Olivier Leonetti - Zebra Technologies Corp.: Welcome.
Operator: The next question is from Jeff Kessler of Imperial Capital. Please go ahead.
Jeffrey Ted Kessler - Imperial Capital LLC: Thank you for taking my question. With regard to the focus that you're putting on retailers and the purchasing priority that you have for retailers, within your solutions that you're offering them, what  I realize you're working with different retailers with different priorities, but within your solutions, what sub-solutions, what products are you focusing on getting them to take on initially? And then, what others are you having them work into as you try to either get them for multi-strategy, or for actually moving them toward e-commerce?
Anders Gustafsson - Zebra Technologies Corp.: Yeah, so I'll start and then I'll ask Joe Heel to add some comments at the end also. But, yeah, retail we have a very strong portfolio of products for retail overall. We are very much focused on driving our One Zebra into retail too, and so it is not like we're looking to really just lead with one product, we want to make sure that we have our mobile computers, our scanners, our printers customers. And I think our ability to cross-sell and up-sell has been improved over the last few years here. But some of the newer things that are having  resonating or driving a lot of larger deals tends to be the mobile computers, so like the TC51 that we launched in Q4 of last year. That's used in multiple different use cases, but omni-channel enablement is certainly one. If you think of what has to happen within a retail facility in order for them to execute on an omni-channel strategy, they have to have much greater use of technology to be able to do those tasks. So that would be one of the newer solutions that are having a lot of traction. But if you look into the future, I would highlight SmartLens, or SmartSense as we called it earlier, but we renamed it to SmartLens, as one that we think has great opportunity and certainly is resonating very well with our customers. We have a great pipeline of interested retailers, who want to do pilots for that. But that's a solution that really helps to drive much greater visibility into inventory, tracking, assets in a retail facility of people, both customers and sales associates. So it can drive a great ROI. So that would be, I guess, my two cents. And, Joe, you can add a little bit to that.
Joachim Heel - Zebra Technologies Corp.: Well, building on what you said, I think, there's three areas in retail where both the business processes and the technology innovation are coming together. One is the front of the store where we're enabling empowerment for the associates to interact more with customers. The second is the warehouse, where we're driving a lot of improved productivity. And the third is really the drive towards omni-channel fulfillment that we see in retail. And in all of those you can see what Anders was talking about, the mobile computers and scanners and printers, the more traditional products, are enabling each of those three processes. And that's where also a lot of that Android migration we talked a lot about. That's where a lot of that is happening today. And then in the future, all of the retailers are looking forward to deploying some of our new technologies, the RFID technology, which includes SmartLens is one of the future technologies. In the warehouse it would be technologies like augmented reality that we're working on and bringing to market. So that would be, I think, a good way to overview where we're making an impact in retail.
Jeffrey Ted Kessler - Imperial Capital LLC: Okay. Great. One other question. One of the ancillary effects of the integration of the combination of the companies was that the conversations you were going to have with management was supposed to rise up, in other words getting up to more C-level conversations around larger projects. In which areas have you been more successful in being able to talk at a full enterprise, C-level responsibility and what areas are you still talking with if you want to call it the  either the security or the logistics person or somebody who's more down in operations and you want to move that one up?
Anders Gustafsson - Zebra Technologies Corp.: Yeah, I'll start and I'll have Joe add some comments also. But I'd say across all our verticals we are seeing our ability to engage with the executive conversations about the longer-term vision of where we're going and how our new types of solutions can help our customers address some specific problem areas or business opportunities for them. Retail is a great example where we regularly meet with a number of CIOs, and the executive leadership teams of retailers to brainstorm together about what their biggest business issues are, and how we can help apply technology to solve some of those. But these conversations are meant to be additive, so by no means, are we looking to in any way diminish or de-emphasize the conversations we've had over time with people who are in the operations areas, or IT areas, or whatever there might be within our customers' business, but we just want to make sure we can cover the entire organization better and make sure that we can be better aligned on the business issues that are top priority for our customers and make sure we can align our road maps to that. Joe?
Joachim Heel - Zebra Technologies Corp.: Yeah. I would say the area in which we continue to do a business at maybe the conventional levels of the organization are a large run-rate business, which is quite healthy, continues to operate smoothly with all of the relationships that we've had in place traditionally. Where we have leveled our relationships significantly I would say is particularly around two areas. One is some of these large deals, in particular, as customers make a transition to Android, those deals are large enough that they  and transformational enough for many of the customers that they bring us to the attention of a senior level of management. And we have those conversations there and build relationships out of that. And then, the second one is where we talk about solutions like SmartLens, we are always talking about business cases. We're talking about ROI, and we're having conversations with business level decision makers at a senior level. Those are the two cases.
Jeffrey Ted Kessler - Imperial Capital LLC: Okay. Great. Thank you very much. I appreciate it.
Operator: And our last question this morning will come from Paul Coster of JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Paul J. Chung - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi. This is Paul Chung on for Coster. Thanks for taking my question. So now with ERP online, TSA agreements sorted out by 3Q, and as your new channel program expands, do you see any additional structural benefits from the integration that could provide some cushion for upward revisions to both long-term gross margins and EBITDA margin targets, and if you could remind us, where your long-term margins target stands. Thank you.
Olivier Leonetti - Zebra Technologies Corp.: So the implementation of the ERP is now creating the conditions for us to drive productivity further. Now as I said earlier, that's not new at Zebra. We have a culture of improving efficiencies. We did that before the acquisition. We would do that as the acquisition is finalized. And we have the opportunity to improve the various ratios of the P&L. So gross margin but also OpEx. For that reason, we feel confident about the EBITDA margin range we gave for the year of about 18% to 19% despite currency headwinds.
Paul J. Chung - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thank you.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Steele for any closing remarks.
Michael A. Steele - Zebra Technologies Corp.: Thank you all for joining the call today. Have a great day.
Operator: And thank you, sir. The conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q4  (2017-02-23 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Michael A. Steele - Zebra Technologies Corp. Anders Gustafsson - Zebra Technologies Corp. Olivier Leonetti - Zebra Technologies Corp. Joachim Heel - Zebra Technologies Corp.
Analysts: James E. Faucette - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Richard Eastman - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. Jason A. Rodgers - Great Lakes Review Saliq Jamil Khan - Imperial Capital LLC Brian P. Drab - William Blair & Co. LLC Matthew Cabral - Goldman Sachs & Co. Keith Housum - Northcoast Research Partners LLC Paul Coster - JPMorgan Securities LLC Michael Morosi - Avondale Partners LLC
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Fourth Quarter 2016 Zebra Technologies Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mike Steele, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Michael A. Steele - Zebra Technologies Corp.: Good morning and thank you for joining us. Today's conference call and slide presentation will include prepared remarks from Anders Gustafsson, our Chief Executive Officer; and Olivier Leonetti, our Chief Financial Officer. Anders will begin by discussing our fourth quarter highlights and key drivers of the results and progress made in 2016. Olivier will then provide more detail on the financials and discuss our outlook for 2017. Anders will conclude with discussion of Zebra's strategic priorities. Following the prepared remarks, Joe Heel, our Senior Vice President of Global Sales, will join us as we take your questions. This presentation is being simulcast on our website at investors.zebra.com and will be archived there for at least one year. Before we begin, I need to inform you that certain statements made on this call include forward-looking statements, which are subject to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements reflect the company's current expectations concerning future events and are subject to a number of factors and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. A detailed discussion of these factors and uncertainties is contained in the company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. During this call, we will make reference to non-GAAP financial measures as we describe business performance. You can find reconciliations of our GAAP to non-GAAP results in today's earnings press release and at the end of the slide presentation. Also, our financial results include the divested wireless LAN business through October 2016. In this presentation, our references to organic sales growth for the consolidated company, the Enterprise segment, our services business and all regions are in a constant currency basis and exclude the sales results from the wireless LAN business in both 2016 and the prior year. Now, I'll turn the call over to Anders.
Anders Gustafsson - Zebra Technologies Corp.: Thank you, Mike. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. As you see on slide 4, we delivered solid results in the fourth quarter, thanks to strong execution by our team and disciplined cost management. For the quarter, we reported net sales of $944 million at the high-end of our guidance range, with organic growth of 3.5%. We drove gross margin expansion and reduced operating expenses. And we achieved a 19% adjusted EBITDA margin, reflecting a 310 basis point improvement over the prior year, resulting in non-GAAP EPS of $1.93, a 48% increase from the prior year period. A few additional highlights during the quarter include solid growth in our largest region, North America, led by strength in retail; a record quarter in our mobile computing, led by the strongest product launch in our history with our new TC51 Mobile Computer; a return to growth in our printing business; and sales growth in our Latin America region in a very challenging macroeconomic environment. For the full-year, we paid down $382 million in debt, significantly exceeding our goal of $300 million. This was driven by increased earnings, excellent working capital management and proceeds from the sale of our non-core wireless LAN business. As a result, we are well on our way to exceeding our two-year goal of $650 million in debt pay-down. We have seen steady improvement over the past year. We returned to organic sales growth in the fourth quarter after a challenging start to 2016, while also driving improved profitability and cash flow. At the same time, we have been extending our leadership position by continuing to deliver innovative solutions that create value for our customers. As shown on slide 5, our improved performance was a direct result of the successful execution of our strategic priorities in 2016. First, we gained market share and grew margin and profits in an improving global environment, while also prudently managing our cost structure. While we have seen pockets of elevated promotional activity, we have remained disciplined yet flexible in our approach. In our services business, we delivered solid gross margin expansion and low single-digit organic sales growth by successfully executing on our operational plan. Zebra's positioning with customers and partners remains unmatched. We announced a number of new offerings that further differentiated us as the leader in Enterprise Asset Intelligence or EAI. Key introductions throughout the year include refreshed and strengthened mobile computing and data capture devices for warehouse, storefront and field mobility use cases. These devices have enhanced capabilities and applications that enterprises require to optimally run their operations. Our mobile devices are supported by Zebra's Mobility DNA suite, which layers enterprise-rich features on top of the standard Android platform. As a result of our early strategic investments in Android, we are ahead of the competition and have the broadest portfolio in the industry. Today, nearly half of our mobile computing shipments are Android-based devices. With more than 14 million legacy Windows-enabled mobile computers in the market today, Zebra has a significant opportunity to gain additional share over the next several years, as Microsoft phases out support of its legacy mobile operating system. In 2016, we launched Asset Visibility Services or AVS as an extension to our OneCare managed service portfolio. Designed to increase mobile computer and printer performance, AVS offers insight into device health, utilization and availability, resulting in increased productivity and operational efficiency. We also introduced Trailer Load Analytics, which enables our customers in the transportation and logistics space to monitor and optimize load efficiency. Second, we continue to successfully manage our overall cost structure through tight controls on spending. With regard to our investment in the business to drive growth, we have employed a disciplined R&D process focused on identifying opportunities with the highest potential to strengthen our core portfolio and EAI solutions. Third, we made excellent progress on improving free cash flow, lowering operating cash levels and retiring debt balances. Finally, we are harnessing the strength of the Zebra brand to further extend our leadership position in EAI, and we are delivering on our financial objectives. Upon execution of our global ERP implementation, which is scheduled for mid-year, our transition to One Zebra will be complete. With that, let me now turn the call over to Olivier to review our financial results in greater detail and provide our 2017 outlook.
Olivier Leonetti - Zebra Technologies Corp.: Thank you, Anders. It is a privilege to be part of the Zebra team and its long successful history. I am excited about the opportunities in front of us. As a reminder, all references to organic sales growth for the consolidated company, the Enterprise segment and all regions are on a constant currency basis and exclude the sales results from the wireless LAN business in both 2016 and the prior year. Let us begin with a walk through the P&L. As you can see on slide 6, adjusted net sales in the fourth quarter were $944 million, up 3.5% on an organic basis. Solid fourth quarter sales performance was driven by our innovative portfolio resulting in strength across most regions. Enterprise segment sales of $617 million increased approximately 4% on an organic basis. Sales on mobile computers increased due to strength in retail and demand for our new devices. Pre-transaction Zebra sales were $327 million, up approximately 3% on a constant currency basis. As Anders highlighted, we returned to growth in printing in Q4, led by solid growth in mobile printing. Sales of supplies were higher, while sales in our location solutions business were lower. Turning to our regions, organic sales growth in North America was 6%, driven by strength in mobile computing, mobile printing and services. We saw particular strength in retail. EMEA sales decreased 2% from a year ago on an organic basis. While underlying trends were solid, we cycled a significant sale in the prior year period to a large customer in the UK. Sales in Asia Pacific were up 5% on an organic basis, including the adverse impact of the previously communicated printer price concessions of nearly $2 million. We also continued to see strong growth trends in China. As Anders highlighted, Latin America sales increased 12% on an organic basis, which was a sharp reversal from the steep year-on-year decline during the first three quarters of the year. This was driven by strong growth in Mexico, resulting from our team's efforts to stimulate growth in a very challenging environment. Adjusted gross margin of 46.1% was 90 basis point higher than the prior year period. We benefited from our continued focus on cost reduction and additional improvement in services margin. Adjusted operating expenses declined by $24 million, primarily due to the benefit of our productivity initiatives and expense controls, as well as the sale of our non-core wireless LAN business. Fourth quarter 2016 adjusted EBITDA margin was 19%, a 310 basis point increase from 15.9% in the prior year period. This was driven by higher gross margins and disciplined operating expense management, partially offset by approximately 10 basis points due to foreign currency impacts. Finally, it is worth highlighting that our full-year 2016 EBITDA margins will have been approximately 3 percentage points higher using currency rates as of the Enterprise acquisition in 2014. Non-GAAP earnings per diluted share increased to $1.93 in the fourth quarter compared to $1.30 in the prior year period. A lower tax rate impacted by tax adjustments and changes in profitability mix by jurisdictions positively impacted fourth quarter 2016 non-GAAP EPS by approximately $0.16. Acquisition and integration cost related to the Enterprise acquisition declined throughout 2016. We expensed $27 million in Q4 and expect continued sequential declines in spending through the first half of 2017 as we complete the integration. For the second half of 2017, we expect integration expenses to be minimal. Turning now to the balance sheet and cash flow highlights on slide 7, we ended the fourth quarter with $156 million in cash, which includes $98 million held outside the U.S. Zebra has strong liquidity and no borrowings on our $250 million revolving credit facility. At year-end, we had $2.6 billion of long-term debt on the balance sheet, which is 65% fixed rate, including nearly $700 million of floating to fixed LIBOR swaps against our term loan. In December, we successfully completed our second repricing of the year on our $1.7 billion term loan, reducing the spread by an additional 75 basis point and saving approximately $13 million of annualized interest expense. Strong cash flow, repatriation of international cash and net cash proceeds from the sale of the wireless LAN business enabled $382 million in principal payments on our term loan during 2016. Our net-debt-to-adjusted-EBITDA ratio decreased to 4 times as of year-end, down from 5.1 times as of the close of the Enterprise acquisition. Capital expenditures were $77 million for the full-year 2016, down from $122 million in 2015, primarily due to lower spending on integration and real estate. We generated $295 million of free cash flow in 2016, which was a significant improvement from the prior year. The key drivers of this improvement were working capital optimization, reduced integration and restructuring cost, improved margins and lower capital spending. With respect to the wireless LAN transaction, we netted $29 million of cash proceeds in the fourth quarter after transaction fees, escrow, taxes and other adjustments. With respect to foreign exchange, for 2017, we implemented a rolling four quarter program to hedge the euro in order to mitigate the impact of exchange rate volatility. As a reminder, approximately one-quarter of our total company sales are denominated in euros, and it is the only currency where we have material exposure to sales, profitability and cash flow. Slide 8 shows our path to financial deleveraging. We expect to exceed our original goal of $650 million of debt pay-down for the 2016 and 2017 two-year period. Our top priority for cash flow and excess cash balances is to aggressively pay down the acquisition debt to achieve an investment grade credit rating. We entered the first quarter of 2017 with a solid sales backlog and healthy pipeline of opportunities. These facts, along with the assumption of the continuation of a gradually improving macro environment, give us cautious optimism for our outlook. On slide 9, you will see that for the first quarter of 2017, we expect the change in adjusted net sales to be between negative 2% and positive 1% on a nominal basis. Organic sales growth is expected to be between 3% and 6%, which excludes the adverse impact of 4 percentage points from wireless LAN, as well as the adverse impact of 1 percentage point from changes in foreign currency rates. We expect organic sales growth to moderate through the balance of 2017, considering the year-over-year comparisons to our improving results through 2016. First quarter 2017 adjusted EBITDA margin is expected to be approximately 17%, which assumes flat to higher gross margin and lower operating expenses relative to the fourth quarter of 2016. Non-GAAP diluted EPS is expected to be in the range of $1.20 to $1.40. For the full-year 2017, we expect low single-digit organic sales growth. This outlook exclude the adverse impact of 3 percentage points from wireless LAN, as well as the adverse impact of 1 percentage point from changes in foreign currency rates. Full-year 2017 adjusted EBITDA margins are expected to be in the range of 18% to 19%, including an 80 basis point adverse impact from year-on-year foreign currency changes. Our full-year outlook assumes slightly higher gross margin rate compared to the prior year period due to continued productivity improvements, offset by impacts of foreign currency changes. We also expect lower operating expenses due to cost efficiencies, as we complete the integration of the company, as well as from the sale of the wireless LAN business. For 2017, we expect debt pay-down to exceed free cash flow and to be back-end loaded in the year. Our goal is to pay-down at least $300 million of debt, which is supported by higher EBITDA, lower integration expenses, lower interest cost and reduced cash balances required to operate the business. Our teams made great progress in 2016 to optimize cash conversion metrics. However, we do not expect working capital to be a source of cash this year. Please reference additional full-year 2017 modeling assumptions on slide 9. With that, I would turn the call back to Anders.
Anders Gustafsson - Zebra Technologies Corp.: Thank you, Olivier. In 2016, we successfully completed our planned integration milestones, executed in a challenging global environment, extended our market leadership, and ended the year in a position of strength. We are staying ahead of an evolving technology landscape through focused investment and close collaboration with our customers and partners. Building on this strong foundation, we are focused on several areas to further solidify our leading positions globally and to drive growth. First, we are leveraging our scale, innovation and relationships with customers and partners to extend our leadership with the most innovative portfolio of Enterprise solutions and sensing technologies in the market. Second, we are advancing our Enterprise Asset Intelligence vision by capitalizing on key technology trends and leveraging Zebra's deep knowledge of the markets we serve. Third, we are executing on the final phase of the Enterprise integration, which includes harmonizing and streamlining back-office systems and processes. And fourth, we are enhancing Zebra's financial strength by increasing profitability, improving cash flow and optimizing our capital structure. Now, turning to slide 11, connecting the physical and digital worlds to increase visibility into business operations and workflows is the essence of the Intelligent Enterprise. We are uniquely positioned to capitalize on this opportunity by leveraging our deep market expertise and key megatrends such as mobility, cloud computing and the proliferation of smart devices. According to industry experts, within three years, 30% of hospitals will be running on real-time healthcare systems that will leverage location, identification and mobility for clinicians, patients and assets; 15% of global retail sales will occur online, requiring new fulfillment solutions, such as our industry-leading wearable computing and picking solutions; more than 40% of the global manufacturing workforce will be comprised of mobile workers that need access to real-time data to run their operations; and 15% of shipments within T&L will be instant delivery, requiring new levels of visibility throughout their transportation networks. Our solutions directly address these trends and will provide a significant source of growth for us. Slide 12 highlights the key industries we serve. In 2016, we launched a number of solutions that transformed the way our customers do business to enable a more Intelligent Enterprise. Our software, services, analytics and hardware are used to connect customers' assets, systems and people, giving their entire operation a digital voice. As a result, we have increased strategic engagement with customers, which is translating into new growth opportunities for Zebra. For example, in retail and e-commerce, we are seeing transformation driven by several trends including mobility, inventory visibility and multi-channel fulfillment. These trends have the common thread of delivering on increased customer expectations. Both online and brick-and-mortar retailers realize the vital need to invest in technology that provides the improved levels of visibility and functionality necessary to thrive in an evolving environment. A recent Zebra survey highlighted the increasing demands of the retail shopper. We found that nearly two-thirds of shoppers are willing to make purchases from stores that provide better customer services and more than 40% of shoppers agree that they have a better experience in stores where sales associates use the latest technology to assist customers. This means retailers need to delight their customers and equip their associates with the tools necessary to provide better in-store experiences, including real-time inventory visibility. Our solutions are doing just that. At the National Retail Federation Trade Show in January, we launched a revolutionary new EAI solution for the retail sector called SmartSense. This solution leverages multi-technology sensors, a data analytics engine and applications to identify and track the journey and location of merchandise, as well as associates and shoppers. SmartSense enables our retail customers to increase sales, deliver a superior omni-channel experience, and reduce, shrink, theft and operational costs. Outside of retail, Zebra's recent Warehouse Vision Study found that more than 40% of respondents cited the need to reduce delivery times as a top driver of investment in their supply chain. This could include a wide variety of Zebra solutions. In healthcare, patient identification and timely treatment are critical success factors. Smart, non-invasive technology that provide hospitals real-time tracking, evaluation and feedback is crucial to enable better patient outcomes. In closing, our 2016 performance underscores our ability to extend our leadership in the market in any macroeconomic environment. The real-time visibility that Zebra solutions provide is a key competitive differentiator for us. They enable our customers to improve their operating efficiency, comply with regulations and deliver a superior level of customer service. We are well positioned to meet our objectives in 2017 and beyond. We are excited by the opportunities ahead to drive value to our customers and for our shareholders. Finally, I would like to conclude by thanking our employees for their strong commitment and many contributions to help us realize our One Zebra vision. And with that, I'll hand the call back to Mike Steele.
Michael A. Steele - Zebra Technologies Corp.: Thanks Anders. We'll now open the call to Q&A. We ask that you limit yourself to one question and one follow-up, so that we can get to as many of you as possible. Operator, please instruct our callers on how to ask a question.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Our first question comes from Jeremie Capron of CLSA. Please go ahead. Jeremie, your line is now open. Our next question comes from James Faucette of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
James E. Faucette - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thank you very much. I just had a couple of questions. First, it seems like the business is accelerating pretty nicely or at least showing good on December quarter-end and initial outlook for both the hardware and printing businesses on the back of new products and initiatives. Can you talk about how you're thinking about the evolution of that growth and prospects as we go through 2017? I'm just trying to understand what's built into your guidance and formulation of it. And then, the second question is, longer term, how are you thinking about the need  or if there is a need for you to increase your investment in the software and services to better deliver more complete solutions to your customers? Thanks.
Anders Gustafsson - Zebra Technologies Corp.: Sure, I'll start here. So, first on the outlook, we ended 2016 on a position of strength. We saw great momentum build throughout 2016. We obviously had a tough start, but momentum continued to grow and 2016 ended strongly, right. And that momentum, I think, has been continuing into the first part of 2017. All four regions did perform very well in Q4, and our products  also all our product families performed well. And I think we are well positioned to continue to drive growth here. So, I think we entered 2017 with the strongest product portfolio we've had in a very long time, and I feel very good about the competitiveness of our solutions. And we're getting very good feedback from our customers and partners on both the line-up of solutions that we have, as well as the progress on the integration, as we're working our way through that. As we entered 2017, we also had a higher backlog than we had last year. So, that gives us an extra confidence, and a robust pipeline of new opportunities. So, based on all of that, I feel that our 2017 outlook is prudent as we see things today. And as you look through the year, maybe the comps get a little tougher, but we feel that this is a prudent and good outlook. But we also see that we have a very strong foundation from which we can grow and continue to extend our leadership. And do you want to...
Joachim Heel - Zebra Technologies Corp.: Well, this is Joe Heel speaking. Your second question was around the software and services?
Anders Gustafsson - Zebra Technologies Corp.: Yeah. What I was going to say on that one was  we certainly recognize that software will become a more prominent part of our portfolio. So far, we have created a software organization and a software BU within the company. It's a smaller organization today, but we're looking to make some smart investments to both  gain some greater knowledge and put some investments behind some very compelling opportunities. We are certainly looking  if you think of our mobile computing platform around Mobility DNA as an example also, we have  we are doing a lot things around software to make sure that our devices are as smart and connected as they can be, so we can use them to both generate data to fuel other type of applications and use cases. And on the printing side, I'd say one of our biggest differentiator is Link-OS, which is our real-time operating system, which makes the printer a smart and intelligent network device or network citizen. So, we are working on developing more use cases and more applications that we can satisfy by  that are closely related to our devices.
Joachim Heel - Zebra Technologies Corp.: And perhaps to add and point out some of the things that were mentioned earlier, that our proof points of the importance of software and services as we evolve towards solutions around Enterprise Asset Intelligence, we mentioned the launch of OVS and AVS, which are services that we are now providing to give visibility to the status of our devices, which enables our customers to manage them in a much more effective way. We also mentioned the SmartSensing (34:10) solution, which was launched at NRF, which is a combination of hardware, software and services needed in order to provide retailers with visibility. And another example was the TLA solution that we're providing to logistics customers, again, one that includes hardware, software and services needed to optimize doctor (34:33) operations. So, those are some examples of how we think that software and services are central to our long-term targets for growth.
James E. Faucette - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: All right, thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Richard Eastman of Robert W. Baird. Please go ahead.
Richard Eastman - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Hi, first question just is around EMEA. Could you just kind of speak to maybe where we ended up in local currency or constant currency for the full-year in EMEA? And then just kind of maybe speak to the tone of business, tone of demand there. The macro picture seems to be continuing to improve. And I'm just curious, as you move into 2017, what your expectations might be for that region.
Anders Gustafsson - Zebra Technologies Corp.: So, I'll start first with maybe more like setting the context around EMEA, and then Olivier will follow-up with the specific numbers for you. But the underlying trends in EMEA has been very positive. We had a rich mix of wins with existing and new customers in Q4. Retail was strong. T&L was also strong. The TC51 Mobile Computer launch went very well in Europe, and we had some big wins with important customers there. So, as we look at 2017, we do expect to continue to see positive trends as we go out the year and continue to drive growth from Europe.
Olivier Leonetti - Zebra Technologies Corp.: And in terms of performance for EMEA in local currency, it would have been a decline, a slight decline, maybe in the range of zero to 1%.
Richard Eastman - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Okay. And then, when we look into 2017, I'm curious the local currency with all adjustments with the wireless LAN business, the thought is a low single-digit revenue growth for 2017 is maybe what the thought process is now. Anders, if you were to maybe identify two upsides to that, what might those be? For instance, would that be U.S. retail spending or how could we see some upside to that low single-digit kind of adjusted outlook, revenue outlook?
Anders Gustafsson - Zebra Technologies Corp.: Let me start by giving you a sense of a little bit more broadly maybe on the outlook here. So, we ended 2016 strong and we see that momentum coming in. Well, we are well positioned for growth across our regions and with our products. The business is quite diversified, and we have a number of different avenues or levers to pull to achieve growth. There are areas of the business that I consider to be somewhat under-penetrated, I would call, supplies, services and healthcare to be some of those. And I would say also our Enterprise Asset Intelligence vision, that's something that is compelling to customers and generates a lot of interest, and we have a number of new attractive offerings in that area. So, when we go back and look at our 2017 outlook, I think it is prudent based on everything we know today. There's obviously some level of upside or downside, however you look at it, that can happen. But as we see things today, we think that this is a prudent outlook.
Richard Eastman - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Okay, okay. All right, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jason Rodgers of Great Lakes Review. Please go ahead.
Jason A. Rodgers - Great Lakes Review: Yes. A question on the organic growth forecast for the first quarter. It seems like you're looking for a little bit of acceleration from the fourth quarter, and I wonder if you could talk about where you're seeing that. Is it anywhere in particular or just across the board?
Anders Gustafsson - Zebra Technologies Corp.: Our Q1 outlook is strong for all regions and I'd say all product families. So, I think the strong momentum we had in Q4 is carrying into the first quarter here also. And the strengthening on, say, a percentage year-over-year growth also has to do a little bit with we had a weaker compare in Q1 of last year.
Jason A. Rodgers - Great Lakes Review: And wonder if you can comment on your distributor inventory levels and the progress you're making with the new channel program.
Anders Gustafsson - Zebra Technologies Corp.: Yeah. So, first PartnerConnect, we launched PartnerConnect, our new channel program, in Q2 of last year. It's now been basically working for nine months or so. We're very pleased with how it's gone. I think it's been well received as a good structure, a good program. We were able to gain share of wallet with our channel partners through 2016. And like I say, I'm quite pleased with that, because going through all the complexities of our integration and be able to gain share at the same time, I think is quite an achievement. And so, yeah, so the channel program I think is working very well. The second part  I forgot the second part of the question.
Jason A. Rodgers - Great Lakes Review: The inventory levels.
Joachim Heel - Zebra Technologies Corp.: The inventory levels.
Anders Gustafsson - Zebra Technologies Corp.: Inventory levels, yeah. So, we target about 50, 55 days of inventory with our channel partners. And we've stayed close to those targets for the year, and we've entered 2017 with an appropriate inventory position with our distribution partners across the world. So, we feel that's healthy. It's good.
Jason A. Rodgers - Great Lakes Review: And then, just looking at the synergies realized, $50 million, in 2016 from ES, is $20 million still the target for 2017 and is there anything additional that you can realize in 2018?
Olivier Leonetti - Zebra Technologies Corp.: So, that's correct. $20 million, mainly in COGS, is what we believe we will realize. We have a fair amount of line of sight of that number. And in addition, as we implement our new ERP system and we'll do that in the middle of this year, we believe we will have further opportunities to increase operational leverage in the company.
Jason A. Rodgers - Great Lakes Review: And then, if I could just squeeze one more in, you mentioned during the prepared remarks about pockets of elevated promotional activity. Is that something new that you've seen from past quarters, and maybe if you could say where you're seeing that and what you're doing to address it? Thank you very much.
Anders Gustafsson - Zebra Technologies Corp.: So, our markets have always been competitive, right, so that's not new. And I think we've mentioned we've had the same concept of some pockets of elevated promotional activities in earlier calls also. And our approach continues to be one where we're trying to respond in a very disciplined way. We want to have flexibility to go after deals that we think are worth winning and that we need to win, but we do it with a strong focus on driving profitable share gains. That's our  we gained share in the past year, but our  the one metric, say, that we're trying to really maximize is to drive profitable growth and maximize the value of the Enterprise over the long-term. So, we want to make sure that we are prudent in how we pursue those things and disciplined in our approach.
Jason A. Rodgers - Great Lakes Review: Thanks very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Saliq Khan of Imperial Capital. Please go ahead.
Saliq Jamil Khan - Imperial Capital LLC: Hi. Good morning, Anders.
Anders Gustafsson - Zebra Technologies Corp.: Good morning.
Saliq Jamil Khan - Imperial Capital LLC: Anders, when you were at NRF, what gave you confidence that the retailers are willing to open up the wallets and invest in these new retail technologies over the next 12 months to 18 months?
Anders Gustafsson - Zebra Technologies Corp.: Yeah. Retail has always been a strong vertical for Zebra, and I think we're very well positioned to capitalize on the transformation that's currently going on, driven by e-commerce and omni-channel. Our traditional, say, brick-and-mortar customers are recognizing the need for them to invest more in our type of technologies to drive improvements and enable them to compete against e-commerce. So, investments to drive greater customer experiences, enable different delivery modalities such as buying online and pick up in-store, but also to drive just greater efficiencies to enable them to compete on price with others. And we also see  and we have had several, I think, large retailers in the U.S. publicly talk about their strategy of stepping up investments in technology to do just that. We also see traditional e-commerce players investing meaningfully in our type of solutions to enable them to scale efficiently and also to be able to offer new customer offerings. So, I think that bodes well for us. And our portfolio to address retail, both brick-and-mortar and e-commerce, is very strong. The TC51 Mobile Computer that we launched in Q4, that was the fastest ramping product in the history of the company. It really was a great success for us. And at NRF, we also showed a couple of other products that you might have seen, so like MP7000 (44:26), it's a flatbed scanner that's very competitive, that's coming out this year, and the SmartSense solution that Joe also referred to here. And also, I'd say we feel good about being able to add additional customers through the year. So, in 2016, we added a lot of new customer names, both traditional brick-and-mortar customers as well as e-commerce customers. And I guess this all gives us confidence that momentum will continue into 2017.
Saliq Jamil Khan - Imperial Capital LLC: And then, Anders, as you kind of walk around the booth at NRF, one of the things that you saw over the last couple of years was there are payment solution providers, asset tracking solution providers or scanners and printers solution providers that were out there. So, where do you believe the Zebra technology ranks in the purchasing priority for the retailers? And wherever you believe it ranks, how do you actually improve that ranking as well, so they're more likely  the retailers are more likely to go ahead and adopt the Zebra technology as opposed to the payment solution technology that's out there?
Anders Gustafsson - Zebra Technologies Corp.: Yeah. I think I will say that we have  we are essential for retailers. If retailers want to implement an omni-channel type of strategy, I think that getting that increased visibility into what their  the in-store visibility, being able to effectively guide people to do the pick-up and the self-checkout and so forth in the store are capabilities that are essential for them to have. And we do offer that. Now, many things that retailers do are broader projects, and we are not the only thing that's in it. So, there are certainly other solutions that goes into that too. But I do believe that we are considered to be a strategic partner to many of our largest retail customers, because they see the value and the essence of what we do. Maybe, Joe, you can add something.
Joachim Heel - Zebra Technologies Corp.: Yeah. Also, bear in mind that our go-to-market strategy inherently is one of partnering. So, you will find us, in many cases, partnering with many of those solution providers that either provide checkout solutions or payment solutions. And indeed, if you look at many of the most prominent solutions that were showcased at NRF, you'll see that there's either a Zebra inside or there's a Zebra partnership involved there. So, that's deliberately part of our strategy.
Saliq Jamil Khan - Imperial Capital LLC: Okay. And just one last question on my end. To get to the organic growth outlook of 3% to 6%, could you kind of break-down what the outlook looks like for the different geographies?
Anders Gustafsson - Zebra Technologies Corp.: No, for Q1, I think we tend to give you an outlook for the company, and we give you some color for each of the regions. I think we've gone through some of the regions here already this morning and for the products. But we don't really break it down by all its components.
Saliq Jamil Khan - Imperial Capital LLC: Great. Thank you.
Anders Gustafsson - Zebra Technologies Corp.: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Drab of William Blair. Please go ahead.
Brian P. Drab - William Blair & Co. LLC: Hi, good morning and thanks for taking my questions. Just wanted to...
Anders Gustafsson - Zebra Technologies Corp.: Good morning.
Brian P. Drab - William Blair & Co. LLC: Good morning. Just wanted to start with just a quick question on OpEx for 2017. I guess we should be modeling OpEx in terms of dollars to be down in 2017. Just wondering if you could give us a better sense for how much those dollars should be down and how it breaks down in terms of benefits from restructuring and productivity versus how much OpEx was associated with the wireless LAN business.
Olivier Leonetti - Zebra Technologies Corp.: Good morning, Brian. We gave you two numbers on purpose, one which is a gross margin number. We believe that this gross margin number will slightly increase in 2017. And we also gave you an EBITDA number of 18% to 19%. So, you can deduct what the OpEx is. And we did it this way for a reason. We want to adjust the OpEx of the Enterprise based upon the trajectory of the business. That's why we model it this way. However, the integration effort is actually well on its way. We believe that we're going to hit our various commitments. And in addition, the implementation of our new ERP system mid-year will give us the opportunity to deliver additional operational leverage.
Brian P. Drab - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay, great. Okay, that's helpful. Thanks. And then, I guess this is just sort of theoretical, I guess, at this point, but there's a lot of discussion around tax policy changes, of course. And I was wondering if you could just give us an update in terms of how much of your manufacturing is done overseas. I know the Legacy Zebra business manufacturing went to Jabil, and how much of the Motorola Enterprise business is done overseas and just the total  if you look at your total manufacturing footprint, what percent of that is overseas?
Olivier Leonetti - Zebra Technologies Corp.: Let me answer indirectly to your question, Brian. So, we don't know for sure what a new tax reform will include. So, we have spent actually a fair amount of time with our teams internally, with our business partners, with our various advisors, and we believe that we have the ability to mitigate the impact of a new tax reform. Looking at the way the supply chain is structured is one lever. That's not the only lever.
Brian P. Drab - William Blair & Co. LLC: Yeah. So, I understand it's not the only lever. I'm just wondering, could you help us at all  if we did focus on this one lever for a second, what  how much of the manufacturing is done overseas? I guess  I understand that the Legacy Zebra, most of it is done at Jabil. But do you reveal how much of the Motorola business  I'm just not as familiar with that side of the business in terms of the manufacturing footprint.
Olivier Leonetti - Zebra Technologies Corp.: So, we haven't disclosed how exactly on purpose. It's obviously competitive information. And we could restructure the supply chain in order to achieve our goals, which is to make tax reform neutral. So, there are few things we can do. We don't want to be definitive for obvious reasons. We don't know really what the tax law is going to be. But we have various scenarios, and all of them, we believe, would be  will lead to a neutral impact for the new tax reform.
Brian P. Drab - William Blair & Co. LLC: Got it.
Anders Gustafsson - Zebra Technologies Corp.: But to give you a little bit more color maybe as to  our supply chain is probably very similar, I suspect, to most electronics supply chains. So, we have a significant footprint of manufacturing and also assembly in Asia, but we also have it in Mexico. And we have all our converting and a lot of our services activities in the U.S. But that only  that gives you kind of the current footprint. There are certainly things that we can do to mitigate any impacts of any border-adjustment taxes, but we still don't know what they look like or anything. But we are working on how would we respond to various scenarios.
Brian P. Drab - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay. Thanks very much and congrats on the solid quarter.
Anders Gustafsson - Zebra Technologies Corp.: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matt Cabral of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Matthew Cabral - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Yeah, thank you. So, it sounds like the TC51 is off to a pretty good start. Can you just talk a little bit about where you've seen the biggest traction so far and if you think there was any meaningful amount of pent-up demand that you had heading into the launch of that product?
Anders Gustafsson - Zebra Technologies Corp.: Yeah. So, the TC51 is a  we think of it as a mid-range Android all-touch device. It certainly met an unmet  or satisfied an unmet need in the market, because otherwise we wouldn't have had that kind of launch or that kind of ramp, right. So, I think we got it right from a form factor, from a functionality perspective. We got kind of the latest and greatest operating system drop (53:04), chipsets and so forth in there. So, it was a very compelling product when it came out, and we're seeing  still seeing very good feedback from customers about it. We were down at the HIMSS this past week also, which is the healthcare show, and had a great interest from healthcare providers in that product. And we're coming out with a special healthcare version of the TC51. But the Q4 launch was primarily aimed at retailers, so mostly say brick-and-mortar retailers who are working on omni-channel type of solutions, and also to help them to have a more compelling customer experience by arming their sales associates with better tools to engage with their customers.
Joachim Heel - Zebra Technologies Corp.: Yeah. I would add two things in terms of the pent-up demand opportunity that I think TC51 squarely hit. On the one hand, retail and the need to compete with e-commerce that this device enables in a number of different directions. On the other hand, bear in mind this transition of operating systems, which is still ongoing. And many of our customers, whether they're in retail, healthcare or other verticals, are looking to make that transition and are waiting for or have been waiting for the compelling opportunity to do that. And TC51, I think, struck that nerve and hit that opportunity squarely, which is why it's been such a successful launch.
Anders Gustafsson - Zebra Technologies Corp.: Yeah. Maybe one more point to say also there's been a lot of conversations or concern over the years around consumer encroachment, and the TC51 certainly  I think the first customer we had was a very large consumer device user, where we were able to basically win them to switch over to our devices. So, I think we  this is a great way for us to compete against the consumer devices also.
Matthew Cabral - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Great. And then, as my follow-up, I hate to ask a question on tax rate. But I guess just given the magnitude of the difference, can you give us a little bit more detail on what drove the benefit in the fourth quarter and just the right level that we should be thinking about just on an ongoing basis as we go throughout 2017?
Olivier Leonetti - Zebra Technologies Corp.: Absolutely. So, at the end of Q3, we were planning a tax rate for the year 26%. So, that was an estimate that was based upon the forecast, assuming a mix of profit by legal entities or tax jurisdictions. So, when we closed the year, based upon the mix of the profit, based upon additional work we did as part of the year-end process, the tax rate for the year moved from 26% to 23%. And we had to book the full impact in the Q4 quarter, which was about $0.16. Now, to answer to your second question in terms of tax rate for 2017, we believe that low to mid-20s will be a good planning assumption.
Matthew Cabral - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Keith Housum of Northcoast Research. Please go ahead.
Keith Housum - Northcoast Research Partners LLC: Good morning, gentlemen. Thanks for taking my question, and congratulations on the execution during the year. Anders, can you revisit your long-term growth rate of 4% to 5%? Obviously, printers came off of an incredible stretch here in 2015, with double-digit growth for several years. But since then, it looks like the growth rate has been much lower. Do you still think the 4% to 5% long-term growth rate over the cycle is the right way to think about it?
Anders Gustafsson - Zebra Technologies Corp.: Yeah. We still think 4% to 5% growth rate or the target is an appropriate target for us over the cycle. If you look at our performance over the last two years, we have actually hit that level. It didn't kind of come exactly the way we had expected. So, we had almost 10% in constant currency growth in 2015, and we were just a tad of growth in 2016. So, our business is a bit more cyclical than we might enjoy, but it tends to drive it towards a good number over time. But again, we feel we have a good diversified business with many avenues and levers to pull in order to achieve our growth. And generating the kind of growth we did in the last two years, while we were going through a very complex integration, I think is a testament to our execution. And we still feel that that's an appropriate target for us and that's what we're going for.
Keith Housum - Northcoast Research Partners LLC: Great, thanks. And then if I can follow-up, I think you guys have addressed this a little bit in the previous question regarding TC51. But the mobile  the Microsoft operating systems now, the Internet of Things operating system's out there. You still have the legacy system, which is to be end of lifed in 2020. But obviously, you guys have a huge advantage with the Android portfolio. Are you seeing a shift now where the retailers and the other companies that were hesitant to move toward Android, are they now making the evaluation and starting to make the move or can you speak to the operating system environment for mobile computers?
Anders Gustafsson - Zebra Technologies Corp.: Yeah. I'll start and then Joe can help out here also, who talks to customers even more frequently. I'd say the momentum around the Android migration is continuing strongly or strengthening. If you remember, two years back, when we first merged our businesses, at that point, there was the largest, most-advanced customers that were doing it. I think now we see  depending on the vertical, but retail, I'd say, all large deals in retail tend to be Android today. Healthcare is very much moving in that direction. So, we're seeing greater traction in our channel with Android, but we always talked about how the largest, most-advanced customers will be leading the charge and that smaller customers won't have necessarily the resources or the know-how to switch as quickly, and that's still the case. If you go down into smaller companies, they're probably more likely to continue to buy what they already have. But we are putting together a different type of both educational material and other offers to make it as easy as possible for customers to switch. If you go back to the TC8000 device that we launched for kind of warehouse applications in the beginning of 2016, that was the first generation of Android device in that environment. That means that our customers have to rewrite and (1:00:10) some of their applications to run on that device. So, the barrier to early adoption is a bit higher. But once you start having  move your applications over, now it's much, much easier to just continue to expand and use a broader part of our portfolio in those areas.
Joachim Heel - Zebra Technologies Corp.: So, another viewpoint on the opportunity is, if you go back two years ago, we said there's about 15 million mobile computers out there that need to make the transition from legacy operating systems to either Android or an alternative. And you can do the math of what's been sold in the meantime, but our synthesis would be that the majority of that opportunity is still out there. And we think that there are at least two, but probably two critical things needed to unlock that opportunity, one of which we think we have hit with products like the TC51. You need a compelling offering and value proposition, right, that gets customers over that hurdle. And things like TC51, which is surrounded with the types of software and services that people expected from those legacy operating systems, those are now in the market and present and giving customers the confidence to move that way. The other one, though, that's important and that is the focus of, I think, our growth opportunity this year is that channel partners, which are the majority of the way that we sell, they need to embrace this solution as well and they need to either take their customers along and, in some cases, take their applications. Many of the applications that customers run come from those channel partners, and they need to move those over to Android. That is a focus for us this year, and we see a lot of growth opportunity ahead of us from that.
Keith Housum - Northcoast Research Partners LLC: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Coster of JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Paul Coster - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Yeah. Just one question, Olivier, when you are One Zebra and what will actually happen in terms of the TSAs and should there be a kind of step-function reduction in OpEx in the second half once you cross that threshold?
Olivier Leonetti - Zebra Technologies Corp.: I'm not too sure we will speak about step-function. But clearly, the implementation of one ERP will allow us now to be really focused on optimizing the P&L further. If you look at the kind of synergies we have generated to-date, they were the obvious ones, duplication in product roadmap, supply chains. But we believe as a management team that we could go to another level in the second half of the year gradually and then forward.
Paul Coster - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. And will all of the TSAs be eliminated by the second half of the year?
Olivier Leonetti - Zebra Technologies Corp.: The vast majority will be, correct, yes.
Paul Coster - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Our final question comes from Michael Morosi of Avondale Partners. Please go ahead.
Michael Morosi - Avondale Partners LLC: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking the questions. First, with respect to leverage, it looks like this year, you're targeting maybe another half-turn or so in terms of net-debt-to-EBITDA. Longer term, you've talked about being investment grade. But I wondered if you could just give a little bit more color in terms of those leverage targets. And once you're there, how does that change your cash allocation thought process?
Olivier Leonetti - Zebra Technologies Corp.: So, you're right, we believe we should be going down by half a turn between the end of 2016 and the end of 2017. Our target is to reach investment grade rating as soon possible. We believe that we will achieve that rating once we have a ratio of  debt-to-EBITDA ratio of about 3 times. Once we achieve that level, we want to look at the best options to maximize return for our shareholders, and that can take various forms, repaying more debt or allocating excess cash to shareholders in other ways. So, we want to keep options open based upon what will be best for our shareholders.
Michael Morosi - Avondale Partners LLC: Very good. And then, a little bit longer term, we're looking at the automation of supply chains and distribution centers and having an impact on head count longer term. How do you view that as both a challenge and an opportunity and how does Zebra's EAI fit into that broader automation trend? And longer term, how would that impact your mix of hardware and software analytics sales?
Anders Gustafsson - Zebra Technologies Corp.: Yeah. So, we see that as an opportunity for Zebra today in  some conversations around retail, where they've been trying to do certain things and automate certain things. And when that has happened, it's invariably led to more use of our type of technology in order to enable that kind of automation. So, we see that we are in the central part of enabling a warehouse or a factory, whatever that is, to be much more automated. Some of the things that we're working on for release later this year or in 2018 are specifically aimed at making people much more effective and efficient in how they do their jobs in those types of environments.
Michael Morosi - Avondale Partners LLC: That's very good. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Steele for any closing remarks.
Michael A. Steele - Zebra Technologies Corp.: Thank you all for participating on our call today. We look forward to speaking with you again soon.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-11-15 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Mike Steele - Vice President, Investor Relations Anders Gustafsson - Chief Executive Officer Michael Smiley - Chief Financial Officer  Joachim Heel - Senior Vice President, Global Sales
Analysts: Richard Eastman - Robert W. Baird & Co. Matthew Cabral - Goldman Sachs & Co. Jeff Kessler - Imperial Capital, LLC Brian Drab - William Blair & Company Keith Housum - Northcoast Research
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Q3 2016 Zebra Technologies earnings release conference call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After todays presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. Please also note that todays event is being recorded. At this time, Ill turn the conference call over to Mike Steele, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, please go ahead.
Mike Steele: Good morning. And thank you for joining us. Today, conference call and slide presentation will include prepared remarks from Anders Gustafsson, our Chief Executive Officer, and Michael Smiley, our Chief Financial Officer. Anders will begin by discussing our third quarter highlights and key drivers of the results. Mike will then provide more details on the financials and discuss our outlook for the remainder of the year. Anders will conclude with an update on Zebras 2016 strategic priorities and progress on our vision of Enterprise Asset Intelligence. Following the prepared remarks, Joe Heel, our Senior Vice President of Global Sales, will join us as we take your questions.  This presentation is being simulcast on our website at investors.zebra.com and will be archived there for at least one year.  Before we begin, I need to inform you that certain statements made on this call include forward-looking statements, which are subject to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements reflect the companys current expectations concerning future events and are subject to a number of factors and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. A detailed discussion of these factors and uncertainties is contained in the companys filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  During this call, we will make reference to non-GAAP financial measures as we describe business performance. You will find reconciliations of our GAAP to non-GAAP results in todays earnings press release.  Also, unless otherwise indicated, all year-over-year and sequential sales movements will be referred to on a constant currency basis.  Now, Ill turn the call over to Anders. 
Anders Gustafsson: Thank you, Mike. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. We delivered another quarter of solid results. Our teams are executing well during a period of rapid change and transformation at Zebra. Sales were in line with our expectations. We delivered higher gross margins and we managed operating expenses well. We achieved an 18.7% adjusted EBITDA, representing a 140-basis-point improvement over the prior year and adjusted EPS of $1.43, which was above the midpoint of our expectations. Stronger profitability and effective balance sheet management enabled us to pay down $90 million of debt during the quarter and we feel confident about achieving our $300 million debt paydown objective for the year. As we have been discussing this year, our results have been impacted by an uncertain macroeconomic environment combined with slower IT spending, which has affected customer purchasing behaviors. However, we are encouraged by the sequential improvement in the overall business, and particularly the strong reception to our new products and solutions. Zebras unmatched positioning with customers and partners has enabled us to further extend our market leadership this year. Although we have seen pockets of increased promotional activity in the market, we have remained disciplined, yet flexible, in our approach. We are very comfortable with our channel inventory levels, which are within our normal historical bands. Id like to touch on some of the bright spots of the quarter. We saw increased momentum in our transportation and logistics vertical, fueled by our new and innovative solutions and e-commerce expansion. Our services business has returned to growth after several years of contraction and we are continuing to see improving margins. We have experienced strong traction with PartnerConnect, our new channel program. Our partners are seeing the benefits of this program, which focuses on simplicity, cross-selling and partner profitability. We have added more than 2,000 partners since its launch and increased revenue through registered partners. Turning to our regions, North America performed in line with our expectations, with sales declining year-over-year, but increasing sequentially. During the quarter, we saw strength in retail on the back of e-commerce growth. Channel revenues for Android are gaining momentum as we had anticipated. We completed the third quarter with a solid backlog and expect further improvements through the end of this year. In the EMEA region, we reported higher sales than we did in the prior-year quarter. Pockets of softness in Southern Europe and the Middle East were offset by strength in Northern Europe. Asia-Pacific third quarter sales were down slightly compared to the prior year due to one-time concessions made to accommodate our distribution partners due to the impact of new duties imposed on printers imported into China. Mike will provide more detail about this shortly. In Latin America, revenue declines have moderated as our team has executed well in a challenging environment. We showed growth in printers, driven by targeted programs we implemented earlier this year. I'm pleased to report that, on October 28, we completed the sale of our wireless LAN business to Extreme Networks. Although it was a small part of our business, the divestiture allows for increased focus on our core business and enhances our growth profile. In fact, the wireless LAN business had a nearly 2% negative impact to total Zebra year-over-year sales growth for 2015 and a nearly 1% negative impact to 2016 sales growth for the first nine months of this year. Overall, we executed well during the quarter. While the operating environment remains challenging, our business trends have stabilized and Zebra is positioned well to further extend its leadership within Enterprise Asset Intelligence. This morning, we also announced the appointment of Olivier Leonetti, Chief Financial Officer. Olivier brings more than 25 years of experience in financial and executive leadership roles. Most recently, he served as Chief Financial Officer at Western Digital where he was responsible for all finance functions and played a critical role in the successful completion and integration of Western Digital's $16 billion acquisition of SanDisk. We are excited to welcome him to the team. At the same time, we want to thank Mike Smiley for his many contributions over the last eight years. During Mikes tenure, Zebra has grown profitably and extended our industry leadership. He has also been instrumental in our efforts to improve cash flow and strengthen the balance sheet. I hope you will join me in wishing Mike well in all of his future endeavors. With that, let me turn the call over to Mike to review our financial results in greater detail and discuss our fourth quarter outlook.
Michael Smiley : Thanks, Anders, for the kind words. Its been an honor to serve as CFO at Zebra and I'm confident the company is well positioned for long-term success with Olivier as CFO. We have a strong finance team and look forward to working with him to help ensure an orderly transition. With that, as you saw in our announcement yesterday, we completed our financial restatement for the fourth quarter and full year 2015 and the first and second quarters of 2016, which corrected the cumulative impact of fiscal 2015 errors, primarily associated with the Enterprise acquisition. We previously disclosed approximately $11 million of these errors on our first and second quarter filings, which had increased 2016 expenses. As a result of the restatements, for 2015, when combined with corrections to income tax expense, the 2015 after-tax loss increased by $21 million. For the first six months of 2016, the after-tax loss decreased by $7 million. Note that the tax rate for non-GAAP purposes for the first six months of 2016 has been recast to align with our most recent full year 2016 estimated non-GAAP tax rate of approximately 26%. We have presented the non-GAAP impacts on the schedule posted to our investor relations website. Now, turning to our results, as you can see slide five, adjusted net sales for the third quarter were $906 million, approximately flat year-over-year price. Enterprise segment sales grew 1% to $605 million. Sales increased in data capture and services, while mobile computing sales were flat and wireless LAN sales were lower than last year. Pre-transaction Zebra sales were $301 million, down approximately 3%. Sales were lower in our locations solutions business and we provided a $7 million price concession to accommodate our distribution partners to minimize the impact of duties imposed this year on printers imported into China. The ongoing impact is expected to be up to $2 million on a quarterly basis. As Anders discussed, sales in North America declined approximately 2%. EMEA increased approximately 4% from a year ago, led by strength in mobile computing. Sales for Asia-Pacific declined 1%. As mentioned, the price concessions to distributors for printers negatively impacted growth by 6 percentage points. Approximately $5 million of the concession is one time in nature. As a result, we believe the region will grow in Q4 as the go-forward impact of any concession should be modest. A bright spot in this region was continued strong double-digit growth in Japan. In Latin America, sales declined about 3%, which is the largest decline in Brazil as a result of a continued difficult macroeconomic environment. Mexico has been doing well, delivering double-digit growth. Printer sales increased in Latin America due to improvements in our go-to-market strategy. Our adjusted gross margin of 45.9% was 50 basis points higher than the prior-year period, despite the negative impact of previously mentioned price concessions. We benefited from execution on our cost reduction programs and continued improvement in service margins. We're pleased with our operating expense management in Q3. The third quarter operating expenses include a $62 million non-cash write-down of goodwill and intangible assets triggered by the sale of our wireless LAN business. Excluding this one-time expense, operating expenses decreased $13 million as compared to the year-ago period. Specifically, sales and marketing and research and development expenses declined by a total of $12 million compared to the prior-year. General and administrative expenses were $7 million higher, primarily due to increased professional fees, IT and legal expenses. Professional fees have been elevated as we work on improving our tax and accounting processes and controls.  Acquisition and integration costs related to the 2014 enterprise acquisition have been decline sequentially this year after peaking in Q4 2015. We expensed $28 million in Q3. We continue to expect a decline in spending through the completion of the integration process. We continue to make good progress with the integration and transformation of our business, which we plan to have completed midyear 2017. In the quarter, non-GAAP EPS increased to $1.43 compared to $1.39 in the third quarter of last year. The tax rate was higher than we forecasted, primarily impacted by changes related to profitability mix by legal entity as we integrate and restructure the business. Third quarter 2016 adjusted EBITDA margin was 18.7%, an increase of 140 basis points from 17.3% in the prior-year period, primarily due to higher gross margins and operating expense management. As a side note, Q3 EBITDA margins would've been approximately 3 percentage points higher using exchange rates as of the close of the Enterprise acquisition in October 2014. Turning now to the balance sheet and cash flow highlights on slide six. We ended the quarter with $163 million in cash, which includes $104 million held outside the US. At the end of Q3, we had approximately $2.8 billion of long-term debt in the balance sheet. Back in June, we successfully re-priced our $1.8 billion term loan, which is our largest tranche of debt, reducing the rate by 75 basis points. As a reminder, all of our debt is a result of financing the October 2014 Enterprise acquisition and weve been paying it down aggressively. Year-to-date Q3, we have made $235 million in total principal payments and our net debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio has decreased to approximately 4.4 times, which is down from 5.1 times as of the close of the transaction. Zebra has a strong liquidity profile. There are no near-term debt maturities and we have zero borrowings on our $250 million revolving credit facility.  We drove significant improvement in cash flow. During the first nine months of 2016, we generated $245 million of cash flow from operations, more than double the $116 million in the first nine months of 2015. Additionally, our initiatives to repatriate foreign cash balances in a tax efficient manner have helped with our debt paydown objectives. Total capital expenditures were $49 million in the first nine months of 2016, a significant reduction from $87 million in the prior-year period. With respect to foreign exchange, approximately one quarter of our total company sales are denominated in euros and the vast majority of our costs are in US dollars, which exposes us to currency transaction risk from both a sales and earnings perspective. At the beginning of the year, we hedged approximately 80% of Zebras net euro cash flow exposure for the entire year, effectively locking in a 1.09 rate in order to minimize volatility in our financial results. Earlier this year, we implemented a rolling four-quarter hedging program, hedging into 2017. The British pound has sharply devalued since the Brexit vote in late June, but has not materially impacted our profitability due to a natural hedge of local expenses in that country. Our UK business represents only a mid-single-digit percentage of Zebras overall sales and performed well in Q3. Slide seven shows our path to financial deleveraging. Our top priority for cash flow and excess cash balance is to paydown the acquisition debt to achieve an improved capital structure and drive increased shareholder value. Excluding the impact of the October sale of our wireless LAN business, we expect to paydown $200 million of debt in 2016 and $650 million of debt over the 2016 and 2017 two-year period. We have an ultimate objective of a net leverage target between two and three times net debt to adjusted EBITDA. We continue to make steady progress towards this target, with our EBITDA growth and commitment to pay down debt.  With respect to the wireless LAN transaction, we expect to net more than half of the $55 million gross sales proceeds after working capital price adjustments, severance fees, and taxes from the sale. Were on track with the trajectory of the business we've been expecting since we last spoke on the second quarter results. On slide eight, you'll see, for the fourth quarter, we expect adjusted net sales to be down between 1% and 4% on a nominal basis from the net sales of $954 million in the fourth quarter of 2015. This expectation reflects a range of flat to down 3% on a constant currency basis. This outlook includes a negative impact of approximately 3 percentage points from the October divestiture of our wireless LAN business. We believe we can achieve sales growth on an organic basis. Fourth quarter 2016 adjusted EBITDA margin is expected to be in the range of 19% to 20%. Non-GAAP EPS is expected to be in the range of $1.65 to $1.85. Our outlook also reflects a higher gross margin compared to the prior-year period and in line with the third quarter. We also expect lower operating expenses due to strong expense management and the divestiture of the wireless LAN business. From a full-year perspective, our expectations for the business are largely unchanged. Sales are tracking close to what we had been expecting. Full-year adjusted EBITDA margins are expected to exceed 17%, up from 16.6% last year despite lower sales and an expected 40 basis point negative impact to EBITDA margin based on the year-on-year foreign currency changes. Interest expense and stock-based compensation expense remain in line with our prior outlook. We now expect capital expenditures be between $65 million and $70 million, which is tracking lower than we had expected. Depreciation and amortization expense is expected to be between $305 million and $310 million, which is slightly lower than our prior forecast due to the write-down of intangible assets associated with the sale of the wireless LAN business. We now expect the full-year adjusted effective tax rate of approximately 26%, which is higher than we previously forecast due to estimate changes related to profitability mix by tax jurisdiction as we integrate and restructure the business. Cash taxes are expected to be $70 million to $75 million this year, of which we have paid $70 million through Q3. With that, I now turn the call back to Anders.
Anders Gustafsson: Thank you, Mike. We have made tremendous progress with integration to date and we have implemented several new programs focused on enhancing the combined business. As a result, I feel confident about the opportunities that lie ahead of us. As shown on slide nine, we continue to execute on our four strategic priorities to drive near and long-term growth and profitability. First, we remain focused on delivering profitable growth and extending our leadership as we capitalize on secular trends, drive sales and prudently manage our cost structure. In the last several months, we announced new offerings that better position Zebra as the leader in Enterprise Asset Intelligence. For example, we recently launched the TC51, our next generation handheld mobile computing device. As a mid-tier offering with an attractive price point, the all-new TC51 is proving to be another example of our leadership in the Android  in the transition to the TC51 operating system in our core use cases and verticals. It has a great form factor, including a large touchscreen, greater durability, better battery life, built-in enterprise grade scanning, and overall improved functionality. Zebra continues to enable Android for the enterprise environment with our software suite that simplifies device provisioning, lifecycle management, security, and operational visibility through our cloud-based platform. We are highly encouraged by the early interest we've received so far. Many customers are considering our enterprise-grade TC51 device to displace existing consumer mobile devices, which lack many of the key operational capabilities we offer. We also saw a return to growth in our services business with sales growth from increased service plan attach rates as well as gross margin expansion, stemming from our operational improvement strategies. Our services business had been underperforming since prior to the Enterprise acquisition two years ago. And new leadership in that business is driving strong execution and helping to improve our operational and financial performance. Second, we are prudently managing our overall cost structure through investment prioritization and maintaining tight controls on spending. Excluding the non-cash impairment charge we recorded during the quarter, we drove lower year-over-year operating expenses. Additionally, weve been driving savings from initiatives to reduce material, freight and overhead costs. Third, we continue to make strong progress on improving cash flow, optimizing operating cash levels and de-levering the balance sheet through working capital efficiencies, reducing integration and restructuring costs, improving margins, and reducing capital spending. Lastly, we recently celebrated the two-year anniversary of the acquisition of the Enterprise business. We're making meaningful progress on our transition to One Zebra as we complete the remaining steps of our integration plan  leverage the Zebra brand and establish the culture of the new Zebra. We've exited more than 75% of the transition service agreements with Motorola Solutions as we further integrate the Enterprise business and march towards the expected completion in the middle of 2017. As Mike mentioned, weve been making good progress and continue to ramp down integration spending. Moving to slide ten, Enterprise Asset Intelligence is giving a digital voice to our customers entire operation. Over the last six months, we have discussed Visibility that's Visionary, which enables our customers to see what is happening in their operations more clearly and make better decisions. Last quarter, we discussed how our vertical expertise, combined with our innovative solutions, is creating better opportunities for us to serve our customers across verticals. We have made excellent progress on fostering a culture of innovation that leverages our unique capabilities, which allows customers to increase their visibility throughout their operations. To that end, we recently announced the appointment of Tom Bianculli, the Chief Technology Officer of Zebra. This new role was a strategic move to align with our customers and address the increasing demand for our visibility solutions across the industries we serve. For many years, Tom has helped us successfully bring our innovative solutions to market. He is a proven leader and I'm certain his team will help ensure Zebra continues to drive the EAI category. At Zebra, we are enabling customers to make better real-time decisions to drive growth, enhance productivity, increase safety, and achieve a high level of customer service. We have a rich portfolio of sensing technologies, which puts us in an enviable position to offer our customers the optimal solution for their needs. Data is at the core of EAI value propositions. Tom and his team will help enhance our efforts to capitalize on the company-wide investments we're making in EAI to develop a common Zebra platform, data-driven applications, and advanced data science capabilities. Our Mobility DNA solution is a good example. Workforce mobility has been a megatrend at the epicenter of visibility for many of our customers. Mobility DNA transforms our devices into an enterprise-grade solution that increases productivity, simplifies management and eases integration with customer's IT systems. It is a more advanced enterprise mobility solution that enhances visibility into operations, which leverages an entire software ecosystem, formulated for our customers workforce. Sensing data, analyzing it for insights, and then mobilizing it to the right person to drive specific actions is fundamental to EAI and the core of our Sense-Analyze-Act framework. Many of our innovative solutions were borne out of relationships with our strategic customers such as our trailer load analytics solution, which increases load efficiencies in the T&L space. We are looking to replicate these unique offerings across other key verticals we serve. In retail, we partner with both brick-and-mortar retailers and e-commerce players. While we are serving brick-and-mortar retailers for their traditional technology needs, these customers are increasingly looking to Zebra for solutions that will enable them to execute on omni-channel fulfillment. This proposition is attractive for Zebra, not just at the store and warehouse, but in the last mile delivery of goods. To advance retailers capabilities, we are working with them to develop solutions to dramatically improve inventory accuracy levels, which is frequently a barrier to a successful omni-channel strategy. Zebras mobile solutions, such as the TC8000 handheld and our wearable product family are essential for our retail customers looking to implement complex omni-channel strategies. The Click & Collect process, for example, has additional layers of intricacies for retailers. While our solutions enable automation, human interaction is still critical at many points in the fulfillment chain and we are helping retailers with real-time visibility of inventory, efficient picking, staging and delivery to customers. e-commerce continues to grow at a fast pace and we are a key partner of the largest players. Our understanding of the complexities of slotting and picking items is imperative to provide the right solution to fit our customers needs. I'm more excited than ever about Zebras positioning in the market and our ability to take share and develop new and innovative solutions for our customers. In conclusion, we remain well-positioned for long-term success. As shown on slide 11, we continue to expect annualized sales growth of 4% to 5% over a cycle and to improve adjusted EBITDA margin to 18% to 20% on an annual basis by the end of 2017. As Mike mentioned, we believe we can return to organic constant currency sales growth in Q4 and gain momentum in 2017. We continue to expect gross margin improvement with the actions we've taken in 2016. Additionally, as we work through our operating plan for 2017, we will continue to ensure that our cost structure is lean and that our R&D investments yield an attractive return.  Further, our top priority is to pay down debt and we continue to make good progress towards our target net debt to adjusted EBITDA range of between two and three times. And with that, Ill hand the call back to Mike Steele.
Michael Smiley : Before we go back to Mike, just a quick point, I mentioned that our full-year EBITDA margins are expected to exceed 17% for 2016. And that is actually up from 16.2% after the restatement from last year. So, it's an 80-basis-point improvement from 2015. Mike?
Mike Steele: Thanks, Mike. And well now open the call to Q&A. We ask that you limit yourself to one question and one follow-up, so that we can get to as many of you as possible. Operator, please instruct our callers how to ask a question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question today comes from Richard Eastman from Robert W. Baird. Please go ahead with your question.
Richard Eastman: Yes. Anders, could you please expand a little bit on your commentary around the verticals. You did mention, I think, some strength in retail, but could you just kind of touch on T&L, industrial and retail?
Anders Gustafsson: Yeah. So, we saw, in Q3, particular strength in retail and T&L. Both of those were driven by e-commerce. Theres an underlying secular growth trend. T&L, we also saw great growth from some of our new solutions that we had introduced earlier this year. And both retail and T&L are very strong, Id say, globally, but particularly North America, Europe and in Asia-Pac. Manufacturing, we've seen as a more flattish or slightly down in North America vertical this quarter, but we have a lot of new initiatives to help drive growth in manufacturing. As an example, we're looking to announce a relationship with Rockwell Automation where we are designing our products into their factory automation ecosystem much more closely, which will help both of us offer better solutions.
Richard Eastman: Okay. And then healthcare probably grew, but small?
Anders Gustafsson: Healthcare grew, but smaller this year. We had strong performance in printing, but were going through some product transitions on the EVM side, which held back growth a little bit.
Richard Eastman: And then, just as a follow-up, Im just a little bit curious, Mike Smiley, you had mentioned, again, this discount on imports into China. Just a couple of things. I presume that that $7 million falls directly to the gross profit margin line. And then also, dont we produce all of our printers in China?
Michael Smiley: Yes, good questions. So, the $7 million is really a  again, the $7 million is a duty that our partners are paying as they import printers into China. And so, what were doing is giving a price concession to offset that 8% charge that they receive. Now, as we mentioned, so when you look at how that falls in the P&L, youd end up with  for whatever you sold, there would be  we sold $7 million less because of the price discount. And, obviously, that would affect our margin. We expect sort of  as you looked at the China duty, there was a one-year clawback that we had to pay. So, of that $7 million, roughly $5 million or so is related to the prior year. We really expect basically $2 million a quarter ongoing. And, again, the $5 million was a one-time in Q3. I dont know Anders if you want to add any more color.
Anders Gustafsson: Yeah. We felt it was in our best interest of our customers to make the end users be neutral to this, so we wanted to basically mitigate the impact of the duties that our distribution partners pay. We are now working on ways to minimize the impact of these duties. So, on a going-forward basis, we expect them to be up to $2 million, but, hopefully, we can get them to be a little bit lower than that and we have a number of ways of doing that, including how we structure our own manufacturing in China.
Michael Smiley: So, Rick, to your question, we do manufacture in China, but its in a duty-free free trade zone. So, as a result, its effectively as if we were manufacturing outside of China from a duty standpoint.
Richard Eastman: I see. Okay. All right, very good. Well, thank you and nice quarter.
Anders Gustafsson: Thank you.
Michael Smiley: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matt Cabral from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead with your questions.
Matthew Cabral: Yeah, thank you. Anders, I think I heard in your prepared remarks that channel momentum for Android is going well. Just curious if you could expand on that comment a little and give us an update for how Android is doing both within the channel as well as for larger deals. And I think in the past, you had given the split of how the Android business breaks down between the two. It would be helpful if you could provide that again.
Anders Gustafsson: Yeah. So, our market share, overall, for mobile computing, has increased a few percentage points this year and our market share for Android specifically is substantially higher and it's been stable at those levels. We see the majority of large deals today in mobile computing to be for Android-based devices  or Android-powered devices. What we have started to see now in the last couple of quarters is a nice improvement in what we think of as the run rate in the channel. So, these are smaller deals where our channel partners are primarily driving the  identifying those opportunities and closing those opportunities. So, the trend that we had talked about sometime back of  that, over time, Android becoming a bigger part of our channel revenue stream is starting to happen.
Matthew Cabral: Got it. And then you guys had talked earlier in the year about some deal push-outs that you were seeing, just wondering how those projects are developing. And maybe more broadly, curious how the environment was for large deals, both in the third quarter and what you see ahead in the fourth quarter.
Anders Gustafsson: I think we had a healthy pipeline of large deals. I wouldnt say there was a heavy type of environment, but it was certainly much more normal than what we saw in the first half. And as we look into Q4 and the pipeline into 2017, I think we are  the pipeline of opportunities for larger deals continues to be healthy. And maybe, Joe Heel, you want to comment also?
Joachim Heel: Yes. This is Joe Heel speaking. So, we did see some push-outs of deals as you were mentioning in the earlier quarters. In this quarter, that activity of push-outs has moderated a bit. We still see it, consistent with what we talked about earlier in terms of our expectations, but it has moderated. And it's also positive for us that the ones that have pushed out in previous quarters have all closed. So, we do see it as a delay, not a loss or decline.
Matthew Cabral: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeff Kessler from Imperial Capital. Please go ahead with your question.
Jeff Kessler: Thank you. Referring to your chart on page ten, can you tell us how far into the Enterprise Asset Intelligence  the vision that you have is relative to how far you've gone? Youve got another year to go to or, lets say, another nine months to complete the integration. How are the two measuring up, so that youre going to speak with one voice and provide multiple products and multiple services to your end user clients?
Anders Gustafsson: Yes. I would probably separate the integration from the Enterprise Asset Intelligence vision and strategy. From an integration perspective, we are working on integrating our back-office IT systems. That's really primarily what is left of our integration activities. They have very little impact on our Enterprise Asset Intelligence vision. So, when it comes to EAI, I feel we're making very good progress. I think we have developed a compelling vision for it. It certainly resonates very well with our customers. I feel very confident in our EAI strategy overall. And as I say, we are clearly the leader in that space with an unmatched portfolio of products and solutions. We continue to drive a lot of value-adding innovation that is resonating very well with our customers. We are bundling product, software and services into solutions much more now than what we had done before. And our focus is very much on how we can leverage our Sense-Analyze-Act framework to help our customers transform how they operate, transform their workflows, improve their productivity, and drive much greater levels of service. And Id say, at this stage, I don't think any other competitors can really offer that value proposition.
Joachim Heel: Id like to add one thing. From an integration perspective, you probably have noticed that we integrated the customer-facing aspects of our business very rapidly. We integrated the sales force in January of the very first year. We integrated our partner program in April of this year. So, from a selling and customer-facing perspective, we have been in front of our customers with the Enterprise Asset Intelligence strategy very visibly. The remaining pieces of the integration are, as Anders said, back-office and our IT systems, which dont impede us from realizing the strategy in the marketplace.
Jeff Kessler: Related to the integration, how are you coming along? And, I guess, this is perhaps on some of them on the services side being able to take the information that you are gaining from your customers, analyze it, providing them with more feedback on their own needs and their own operations, so that you get this virtuous circle of, if you might call it, value proposition, so you can become  get more profits out of your customers.
Anders Gustafsson: Weve done a lot of things to help get both more efficient in the execution of our services business as well as getting a more easy way of gaining insight into the data streams that we have. In Q2, we integrated the Asia-Pac services business on to one common systems, so we got off the Motorola system and we have been working there now for, I guess, about six months on a single platform. We've also more recently exited the Motorola platform for Latin America. And middle of next year, we expect to do the same for the rest of the world. So, we are now having the IT infrastructure around IT to enable us to take advantage of all the data that we have. We are looking at the number of other data streams or information in order to help be proactive in our sales activities and identify opportunities for upsell or when somebody's contract is about to expire. And Ill ask Joe Heel to add some comments also.
Joachim Heel: Yeah. I think this is an excellent example of where we use some of the assets that we have to realize the Enterprise Asset Intelligence strategy early on. We have a platform that we've been building out aggressively since the early days of the integration, which was called our Assets Visibility Platform. And this platform is cloud connected to all of our devices, at least to the extent that our customers turn that on. They do have the option of doing that. And it allows us to gather data in real-time from all of those devices and use it both for the purposes of service; it also allows us to offer to our customers visibility, instant real-time visibility to all of their assets, which, as you can imagine, is quite valuable to them and is at the core of a strategy around offering managed services both on our part as well as on the part of our partners, who are, of course, in the business of supporting the customers estates. Our vision is that this platform of asset visibility can be used beyond just the provisioning of service to our own devices. You can imagine many other uses that it could serve in a customers data management strategy. So, this is a very central part and a key differentiator that we, in fact, have in Enterprise Asset Intelligence through services.
Anders Gustafsson: Yeah, thats helpful.
Jeff Kessler: Thank you. And have you just  obviously, youve just started on this. Do you have any definitive traction in this yet?
Joachim Heel: Yes, indeed. We do. So, we offer two types of services, which customers are actively buying today. We have many contracts on these today. One is called Asset Visibility Services and the other one is called Operational Visibility Services. And the way you can imagine it is Asset Visibility Services is a relatively light cloud-based dashboard that we can make available almost instantly to a customer if they buy our devices, and that goes for printers and mobile computers, by the way, that they can instantly get visibility on a simple dashboard. Whereas OVS is a more heavy service offering, in which we then can manage certain aspects of a customer's estate. For example, give them visibility to when batteries need to be replaced or print heads on a printer require renewal. That more intensive service-driven offering is called OVS. Both are in the market, being sold today to customers.
Jeff Kessler: Okay, great. Thank you very much. Appreciate it. Thank you for taking my questions.
Anders Gustafsson: Sure.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Drab from William Blair. Please go ahead with your question.
Brian Drab: Hi, thanks. First, just going back to the Android question. I might have missed it. But did you say what percent of revenue  in the third quarter, what percent of your mobile computing sales were Android?
Anders Gustafsson: We have not broken that out historically and I think its just  we said that it's been a growing part of our portfolio and it is  I guess, directionally, you can say it's getting towards being half of our revenues. 
Brian Drab: Okay, thanks. Am I incorrect in my notes here, on the last call, we said it was about a third of revenue in the second quarter, though.
Anders Gustafsson: I think that's probably correct.
Brian Drab: Okay, thanks. And then I just wanted to see if we could get, from a high level, an update on this upgrade cycle that youve discussed extensively in the past. Going through 2020, I think, the feeling was that you have 15 million or so devices globally in the field that need to be upgraded. Is that, at this point, being pushed out a little bit or how are we progressing toward that type of a target?
Anders Gustafsson: I think the overall upgrade cycle that we talked about is progressing pretty much in line with our expectation. We started about a year-and-a-half ago to see more of the larger deals. Today, I think pretty much all our larger deals tend to be Android-based. But we also started to see now this trickle down into the run rate business that our channel is conducting. Will there be a tail that goes beyond 2020? I am sure there will be some customers that will not see the need to upgrade and they are just going to run those devices for as long as they possibly can. No upgrades to them, I think. But I would expect that that will be a very small subset. Most larger organizations, I think, will feel, they want to be on supported software platforms, so they can get both security patches and other upgrades to their environments. And so, broadly, I would say that the Android migration is progressing pretty much in line with how we expected it.
Joachim Heel: Yes. And Joe Heel speaking. I think the Android migration or operating system migration more broadly is a little bit unusual from other technology transitions because it's driven by an end-of-life of an existing predominant technology, right, Windows CE, Windows Mobile in 2020. Therefore, it doesnt only depend on customer's perception of the new technology, it depends also on their expectation for how long they can continue with the existing technologies. So, as Anders said, its led to a massive wave of early adopters that you have seen and there is a second wave of adoption, which is the broader market, the market that has served predominantly to channels that is occurring right now. And we do see that pretty much as we had expected happening, as we speak, and it will continue over the course of these next three years.
Brian Drab: Okay, got it. Thank you. And then, can I just ask, on RFID, for an update there in terms of roughly what kind of revenue that is today, how that is evolving, how the pricing has come down there and made it more economical for more applications?
Anders Gustafsson: Yeah. So, RFID continues to be a small, but healthily growing product set for us, solution set for us. Retail is the primary vertical to adopt RFID today. And the use case is primarily around in-store inventory visibility. So, retailers putting RFID inlays and chips on the merchandise. We are not really in that business much. Thats others to serve. But the price curve has been very aggressively coming down. And today, in volume, you can get a chip like that for between $0.05 and $0.07. We are focused on encoding those RFID chips with the right data as well as reading the data off those chips through either mobile or fixed infrastructure. And that's healthily growing, but its still a small part of our business.
Brian Drab: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Again, our next question comes from Keith Housum from Northcoast Research. Please go ahead with your question.
Keith Housum: Good morning, guys. And first off, Mike, good luck to you. I wish you the best of luck in your next endeavors.
Michael Smiley: Thank you.
Keith Housum: Following up on the previous question regarding Android, Im starting to see the Windows 10 mobile computers hitting the market. Whats the though in terms [indiscernible] evaluate the Android or how you think about Windows sequentially [indiscernible] with the market.
Anders Gustafsson: So, so far, I think Windows 10 has been primarily on the desktop, not so much on the mobile. Theres been some changes, I think, on the architecture that's been harder to  for customers to adopt a Windows 10 platform. But from our perspective, we want to have the right solution for our customers. So, we would also expect to have Windows 10 devices available when that makes sense, when the Windows technologies are ready. So, we see it as likely going to be one predominant, but a second technology or operating system available for enterprise customers and we want to serve both.
Keith Housum: Okay. Go ahead, Im sorry.
Joachim Heel: Well, I just wanted to mention if you look at our product lineup, you'll see that on the very high end of our mobile computing, on PC75, we now have a Windows 10 or Windows IoT, its also called, version now, and the same is expected on the tablet. So, you'll see that, in relevant parts of our portfolio, we will have Windows 10 for those customers who want it.
Keith Housum: Got it. As a follow-up, Anders, you mentioned a promotional environment. Clearly, in one of your competitors, we saw more than that  than yourselves. Can you talk about where you saw the promotional environment and what part of the business and did you see that throughout the quarter or was it stronger at the beginning of the quarter versus end?
Anders Gustafsson: I think it was more steady. I don't think we saw it being particularly strong in any point in the quarter. So, it's more of a  something that's going on in  almost in the background. Its part of the environment. And we are trying to take a very disciplined approach to how we respond to it, but we also want to be flexible to make sure that we do respond appropriately to win deals, but do it at the appropriate margins for us.
Keith Housum: Was it heavier in the enterprise business versus printing?
Anders Gustafsson: Maybe a little bit.
Keith Housum: Okay. Thank you. Appreciate it.
Operator: And, ladies and gentlemen, at this time, weve reached the end of todays question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference call back over to Mr. Steele for any closing remarks.
Mike Steele: Thank you all for joining us today. Have a great day. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, the conference has now concluded. We do thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-08-09 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Michael A. Steele - Vice President-Investor Relations Anders Gustafsson - Chief Executive Officer & Director Michael C. Smiley - Chief Financial Officer Joachim Heel - Senior Vice President-Global Sales
Analysts: Richard Eastman - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker) Paul Coster - JPMorgan Securities LLC Jason A. Rodgers - Great Lakes Review Keith Housum - Northcoast Research Partners LLC James E. Faucette - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Matthew Cabral - Goldman Sachs & Co. Jeremie Capron - CLSA Americas LLC Brian P. Drab - William Blair & Co. LLC Andrew C. Spinola - Wells Fargo Securities LLC
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Q2 2016 Zebra Technologies Earning Release Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mike Steele, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Michael A. Steele - Vice President-Investor Relations: Good morning and thank you for joining us. Today's conference call and slide presentation will include prepared remarks from Anders Gustafsson, our Chief Executive Officer; and Mike Smiley, our Chief Financial Officer. Anders will begin by discussing our second quarter highlights and key drivers of the results. Mike will then provide more detail on the financials and discuss our 2016 outlook. Anders will conclude with an update on Zebra's 2016 strategic priorities and an overview of our vertical go-to-market strategy. Following the prepared remarks, Joe Heel, our Senior Vice President of Global Sales, will join us as we take your questions. This presentation is being simulcast on our website at investors.zebra.com and will be archived there for at least one year. Before we begin, I need to inform you that certain statements made on this call include forward-looking statements, which are subject to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements reflect the company's current expectations concerning future events and are subject to a number of factors and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. A detailed discussion of these factors and uncertainties is contained in the company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. During this call, we will make reference to non-GAAP financial measures as we describe business performance. You can find reconciliations of our GAAP to non-GAAP results in today's earnings press release. Now, I'll turn the call over to Anders.
Anders Gustafsson - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you, Mike. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. We are pleased with our overall performance in the second quarter, which reflected sales in line with our expectations as well as strong gross margin expansion, lower operating expenses, and improved profitability. We achieved $144 million of adjusted EBITDA, a 10% increase over the prior year, and adjusted EPS of $1.34, which exceeded our guidance range. We continue to make solid progress on the integration of the Enterprise business. I am particularly pleased with our progress on the improvement plan for services margins and realizing meaningful product cost reductions, both of which were key contributors to our gross margin outperformance. From a sales perspective, as expected, macroeconomic uncertainty combined with a slow IT spending environment has continued to elongate the sales cycle. It is important to note, while some customers have delayed projects into future quarters we have not experienced any increase in order cancellations. Conversely, Zebra's strength, scale, and robust solutions have enabled us to further extend our market leadership during the past quarter. Of note, mobile computing and scanning were particularly strong from a sales and margin perspective. A key driver is our leading portfolio of Android-powered devices and solutions, which now represents more than one-third of our mobile computing sales volume, as customers upgrade from legacy operating systems. Turning to our regions. North America was flat on a year-over-year basis, which was an improvement in trend from the first quarter as the compares were slightly less challenging for that region. We saw lower sales in our EMEA region from the same quarter a year ago as we cycled over double-digit growth last year. Good growth in Northern Europe was offset by softer sales in Eastern and Southern Europe and the Middle East. Our Asia Pacific region generated record sales and approximately 10% growth year-over-year. China, our largest market in the region, continued to grow double digits, aided by new business from the largest online retailer in the country. Japan also recorded strong double-digit growth. In Latin America, revenue declines have moderated as we continue to navigate a challenging market. We have also begun to see the benefits of organizational improvements, as well as proactive sales generation activities we have implemented. From a vertical perspective, we experienced the strongest growth in transportation and logistics or T&L, which has benefited from our innovative visibility solutions, as well as increased parcel delivery driven by e-commerce growth. Retail, our largest vertical, declined largely due to the slower IT spending environment we discussed, and sales to manufacturers were also lower. In healthcare, we once again saw double-digit growth as we capitalized on attractive opportunities within this sector. Our vertical expertise and focus remains a key differentiator for Zebra. I will provide some more detail on how we will drive growth in each of our primary verticals a bit later on this call. Looking forward, we are reiterating our full year 2016 outlook, which assumes no material change in the current operating environment. As we look at the bigger picture, while we expect near term sales performance to be impacted by customers pausing decisions in an uncertain environment, we continue to have a healthy pipeline and believe we have a commanding position in the global marketplace. Organizations around the world are recognizing the opportunity to adopt visibility solution like Zebra's to drive growth, improve productivity, and reach higher levels of customer service. I will now turn the call over to our CFO, Mike Smiley, to review our financial results in greater detail and discuss our 2016 outlook.
Michael C. Smiley - Chief Financial Officer: Thanks, Anders. As you can see on slide 5, adjusted net sales for the second quarter were $882 million, approximately flat year-over-year on a constant currency basis. Enterprise sales were $577 million, up approximately 1% year-over-year on a constant currency basis. Sales increased in mobile computing and data capture, whereas services and wireless LAN sales were lower than last year. In Q2, we booked revenue from our first Trailer Load Analytics order, an innovative solution we discussed last quarter. Pre-transaction Zebra sales were $305 million, down approximately 3% on a constant currency basis against 17% growth in Q2 2015. Performance within our Printer business was solid and the sales decline was due to an especially large order from a retail customer last year. Supply sales increased while location services decreased versus the prior year. Sales in North America were flat, with growth in the Enterprise segment offsetting a decline in the pre-transaction Zebra business. EMEA declined approximately 4% from a year ago on a constant currency basis as we cycled strong sales performance in Q2 of last year. Sales in Asia Pacific grew 10% in constant currency, led by growth in all major product categories, as well as strong performance in China and Japan. In Latin America, sales declined about 4% as a result of a continued difficult macroeconomic environment. We drove further growth in Mexico, our largest market in the region and have positioned ourselves well for promising opportunities there. Our adjusted gross margin of 46.4% exceeded our forecast and was 190 basis points higher than in the prior period. We benefited from a strong mix, continued improvement in services margins and delivering on our cost reduction programs. Additionally, keep in mind that in second quarter of last year, we incurred product rebranding and various other costs in the Enterprise segment. Operating expenses for sales and marketing, R&D and G&A were $285 million including $3 million of stock-based compensation expense. This reflects a decrease of $10 million compared to the prior year primarily due to lower stock-based comp expense and reduced sales and marketing and R&D costs. Favorability was partially offset by increased G&A cost including tax advisory fees and $4 million of litigation expenses. Other operating expenses were $10 million lower than the prior year. This included both acquisition and integration and exit and restructuring costs of $39 million as we made progress on our IT integration and restructuring efforts related to the October 2014 Enterprise acquisition. Amortization of intangible assets were $60 million. The ERP and broader IT implementation is going well and has been on budget and on schedule through the first half of the year. Our Phase 1 Asia Pacific deployment has gone well and we continue to assess and monitor the implementation as we plan a roll out to the remainder of our global operations next year. In other areas of the integration, we invested approximately $20 million more integration expense during the first half of 2016 to meet the requirements for certain key business and function-specific activities. These included changing and integrating the Enterprise business flows into the Zebra model, legal and restructuring, and integration of the new channel partner program. The scope and cost changes were executed to ensure smooth transition and deliver the desired operating results. In Q2, we successfully launched PartnerConnect, the industry's premier channel program. And as you saw in our Q2 results, we have a consolidated operating structure that is delivering a lower tax rate than was possible utilizing the legacy Enterprise operating model. The investment for these projects is behind us now, and despite additional costs, remain on track to achieve our $300 million debt pay-down for this year. As a reminder, in late Q2, we successfully repriced our term loan, reducing the rate by 75 basis points. This action reduces our interest expense going forward, but negatively impacted interest expense in the second quarter of 2016 by nearly $2 million on a net basis due to one-time impacts of accelerated amortization and transaction fees. In the quarter, non-GAAP EPS increased to $1.34 compared to $1.03 in the second quarter of last year. A lower tax rate, impacted by cash adjustments and estimated changes to related profitability mix by jurisdiction, positively impacted the second quarter of 2016 non-GAAP EPS by approximately $0.14. Second quarter 2016 adjusted EBITDA margin was 16.3%, an increase of 170 basis points in prior-year period, primarily due to higher gross margins. There was a negligible impact to EBITDA margin on a year-over-year constant currency basis, but I think it's worth noting that Q2 EBITDA margins would have been approximately 300 basis points higher using the exchange rates as of the close of the acquisition in October 2014. Turning now to the balance sheet and cash flow highlights on slide 6. We ended the second quarter with $141 million in cash and cash equivalents, which includes $116 million held outside the U.S. At the end of Q2, we had approximately $2.9 billion of long-term debt on the balance sheet. The debt was used to finance the October 2014 Enterprise acquisition, and we've been paying it down aggressively. Year-to-date, we have made $145 million in total principal payments and our net-debt-to-adjusted EBITDA ratio has decreased to approximately 4.5 times. Zebra has a strong liquidity profile. There are no near-term debt maturities, and we have an undrawn $250 million revolving credit facility with no financial covenants unless we have more than $50 million drawn at the end of any quarter. In the first half of 2016, we generated $122 million of cash flow from operations which significantly exceeded the $20 million in the first half of 2015. Total capital expenditures were $35 million compared to $49 million in the first half of 2015. In the first half of the year, we drove improvement in cash flow primarily from initiatives from reduced working capital and expect to drive well over $100 million of benefit for the full year as compared to 2015. With respect to foreign exchange, approximately one quarter of our total company sales are denominated in euros and the vast majority of the product costs are in U.S. dollars, which exposes us to currency transaction risk from both the sales and earnings perspective. In order to minimize volatility in financial results, early this year, we hedged approximately 80% of Zebra's net euro cash flow exposure for the entire year, effectively locking in a $1.09 euro rate. Going forward, we are adopting a rolling four-quarter hedging program and therefore already begun to implement a layer of hedges for 2017. Although the British pound has sharply devalued since the Brexit vote in late June, it has not materially impacted our results. Our UK business represents only a mid-single digit percentage of Zebra's overall sales and has performed well on a year-over-year basis helped by some significant wins. Slide 7 shows our path of financial deleveraging. Our top priority for free cash flow and excess cash balance is to pay down the acquisition debt to achieve an improved capital structure. We remain committed to pay down $300 million of debt this year and $350 million in 2017. Despite this debt repayment schedule, absent a material change in the macroeconomic landscape, we are unlikely to achieve our initial net debt to adjusted EBITDA leverage target ratio of less than 3 times by the end of next year. As a result of currency pressures and a challenging global sales environment, our original goal became very aggressive within that timeframe. That said, we will continue to aggressively manage our expenses and cash flow with our ultimate objective, continuing to be net leverage target of between 2 times and 3 times adjusted EBITDA. We continue to make steady progress towards this target with our EBITDA growth and commitment to pay down debt. We continue to be on track with the outlook provided last quarter. On slide 8, you'll see that for the third quarter we expect adjusted net sales to be flat to down 3% from a comparable net sales of $919 million in the third quarter of 2015. This expectation reflects a range of a 2% decline to 1% growth on a constant currency basis. Third quarter 2016 adjust EBITDA margin is expected to be approximately 17%. Non-GAAP EPS is expected to be in the range of $1.30 to $1.50. Our outlook also reflects a higher gross margin compared to the prior year period, but sequentially lower than Q2. Also, in Q3, operating expenses are expected to be approximately flat to slightly higher than the prior year period and assume a couple million dollars of increased litigation expense. For the full year 2016, we continue to expect adjusted net sales growth to be in the range of a 3% decline to a 1% growth from the full year 2015. This reflects an expected range of a 2% decline to 2% growth in a constant currency basis and positive year-over-year sales growth by the fourth quarter. We also continue to expect adjusted EBITDA margin of approximately 17% for the full year 2016. The improvement over the prior year is expected to be driven primarily by a higher gross margin. We expect approximately flat operating expenses compared to the prior year. Note that our forecast includes the assumption of $8 million to $10 million in higher litigation expenses for the year with the majority coming in the second half. Also note that this reflects a 40-basis-point negative impact to EBITDA margin for the full year 2016 based on year-over-year foreign currency changes. For the full year 2016, other assumptions shown on the slide 8 remain largely the same as outlined during Q1. However, we expect interest expense to be $5 million lower than our previous outlook, which reflects the benefit of a lower interest rate partially offset by fees and other costs related to the June repricing. Also, the full year adjusted effective tax rate has been adjusted lower to approximately 20%. I will now turn the call back to Anders.
Anders Gustafsson - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you, Mike. As shown on slide 9, we continue to execute on our four strategic priorities to drive near and long-term growth and profitability. First, we are focused on delivering profitable growth and extending our leadership. As we capitalize on secular trends, drive sales, and prudently manage our cost structure. Although 2016 has been a challenging year from a sales growth perspective, we believe these pressures are temporary. We continue to launch innovative solutions and we are working closely with our customers to meet their demands, to be more productive and provide better service for their customers. Also, our margins continue to improve as we execute on our integration and improvement of the Enterprise business. Second, we are tightly managing our overall cost structure through investment prioritization and maintaining stringent controls on spending. We continue to expect to realize approximately $50 million of additional cost synergies in 2016. Our ongoing efforts around this initiative were a key contributor to our gross margin outperformance during the second quarter. Third, the top priority for Zebra is to improve free cash flow, optimize operating cash levels, and delever the balance sheet through working capital efficiencies, declining integration and restructuring costs, margin improvement, and lower capital spending. Lastly, we will continue to make meaningful progress on our transition to One Zebra as we complete the remaining steps of our integration plan, leverage the Zebra brand, and enhance the culture of the new Zebra. I would like to update you on several key integration milestones. As I mentioned last quarter, we launched our new channel partner program, PartnerConnect, in early Q2, which was the most comprehensive change to our channel strategy in company history. The goals of this new program are centered on three key elements: simplicity, cross-selling and partner profitability. Some of the most partner-requested enhancements within this new framework include expanded deal registration across our entire portfolio to encourage partners to invest in the development of business opportunities, a comprehensive integration and simplification of our pricing categories, making it much easier to configure, price and quote our solutions, a clear differentiation in financial incentives among partners based on performance and commitment in the program, and additional incentives for certification and specialized capabilities. We believe PartnerConnect is the best channel partner program in the market and will be a differentiator for Zebra and its partners. Early feedback has been very positive from our existing base of partners, and it has attracted many new partners. We are also pleased that the first phase of our ERP integration, which went live in May in our Asia Pacific region, is doing well. This adds to our list of successful implementations, which include our unified CRM system, various engineering systems and tools, IT infrastructure build-out and global rebranding. As I discussed last quarter, we launched a new brand campaign, Visibility That's Visionary, which highlights our smart, innovative products, software and services that help businesses gather insight into every aspect of their enterprise so they can make better decisions. Enterprise Asset Intelligence, or EAI, provides enhanced operational visibility, which empowers customers to analyze and act upon real-time data to optimize their performance. This new campaign showcases our leadership position in the EAI category and our ability to further enhance our strategic relationships with customers by leveraging our deep vertical expertise. Our proven solutions are more relevant than ever due to the convergence of some key digital trends, including the Internet of Things, cloud computing, and mobility. On slide 11, we lay out the four key verticals in our go-to-market strategy: T&L, retail, healthcare and manufacturing. Our specialized resources and strategic relationships with industry partners enhances our credibility with customers and helps us engage as a strategic advisor higher up within their organizations. In T&L, we are providing visibility into truck capacity and delivery optimization that translates into fuel savings and other productivity benefits for our customers. This real-time data provides enterprises a vantage point into every area of transport operations, including the ability to maintain and monitor fleets and track drivers and shipments instantaneously. An exciting and new innovative offering in T&L is the recently launched Trailer Load Analytics solution Mike referenced, of which a leading global transportation company is our first customer. The solution utilizes Zebra's sensors and analytics to aggregate data across thousands of dock doors and indicates the next best action in loading operations in real time. We also recently launched an innovative line of Total Wearable Solutions, which is the world's only dedicated suite of enterprise wearable devices built on the Android operating system. These lighter and more durable wearables free up warehouse workers' hands and eyes, allowing Zebra's solution to improve productivity and accuracy. With regard to our retail vertical, our solutions do more than connect every aspect of an enterprise. They also connect an enterprise to its customers. This type of visibility helps to develop consistent messaging, pricing and service across in-store, online and mobile touch points, resulting in a seamless customer-centric experience. For example, one of our high-end department store customers needed to display thousands of shoe styles and colors to appeal to its customers. The wide variety of shoes meant a complete inventory assessment could only be performed weekly, which translated into lost sales and missing display samples. To ensure real-time display accuracy, the customer selected a Zebra RFID solution that captures full information on each shoe style. As a result, this customer achieved quicker fulfillment, reduced out-of-stocks, improved customer service and increased revenues. Our end-to-end healthcare intelligence solutions enhance operational efficiency, staff productivity and patient safety. Zebra provides the kind of visibility that lets healthcare facilities see into every aspect of the patient journey, from admittance to discharge. A University Medical Center in the Netherlands recently teamed with Zebra to create a system which provides time tracking, evaluation and feedback when treating heart attacks, the world's number one cause of death. This solution measures the crucial time between when the patient enters the hospital and when the appropriate procedure is initiated. It wirelessly transmits real-time information from a Bluetooth-enabled patient ID band, providing immediate visibility into the time it takes to restore blood flow in each patient, ultimately improving patient outcomes. In this Enterprise Asset Intelligence offering, we have connected smarter supplies, patient identification, and location-enabled wristbands with our Zatar cloud platform to aggregate and analyze collected data. This is the first step in enabling our printer supplies to become more intelligent. As we unlock further value with Enterprise Asset Intelligence, we are identifying additional opportunities to make our supplies and media more connected and intelligent. In our fourth key vertical, manufacturing, seeing the big picture means having visibility into every moving part of the customer's operation. With increased visibility, manufacturers can streamline processes, exceed production targets, and deliver flawless fulfillment. For the largest processor of dairy ingredients in the world, the limited scanning range of its solution was making it difficult to capture barcodes on its shipping containers and pallet stacks from varying distances. This customer upgraded to Zebra's recently released rugged extended range scanner that can read 1D and 2D barcodes from up close to up to 70 feet away. Zebra scanners were an ideal fit to streamline processes and increase reliability, particularly within the demands of a tough industrial environment. In another case, a global provider of water, hygiene, and energy services found it increasingly difficult to meet its service level agreements for tracking its customers' processes around the clock. By partnering with Zebra, they were able to aggregate data from multiple sensors, which can be analyzed and promptly make improvements and keep their processes operating efficiently. The Zebra solution has also enabled more accurate reporting and reduced inventory levels. These are just a few examples of how our unique solutions are increasing visibility, improving processes, and ultimately generating significant efficiencies across enterprises in the T&L, retail, healthcare, and manufacturing sectors. In conclusion, we remain confident in our long-term growth and profitability outlook for the company. Over time, we expect our focus on smart investments for growth coupled with our disciplined cost structure to unlock meaningful value for Zebra's key stakeholders. As shown on slide 12, we continue to expect annualized sales growth of 4% to 5% over a cycle and adjusted EBITDA margins of 18% to 20% by the end of 2017. Further, our commitment to pay down $300 million in debt in 2016 and $350 million in 2017 drives us closer towards our target net debt to adjusted EBITDA range between of 2 times and 3 times. In closing, we have an opportunity to transform how organizations operate and we have a dedicated, engaged and global One Zebra team that is motivated and excited to make it happen. With that, I'll hand the call back to Mike Steele.
Michael A. Steele - Vice President-Investor Relations: Thanks, Anders. We've reserved the balance of the hour for Q&A. And we ask that you limit yourself to one question and one follow-up, so that we can get to as many of you as possible. Operator, please instruct our callers how to ask a question.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instruction] Our first question comes from Richard Eastman of Robert W. Baird. Please go ahead.
Richard Eastman - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Yes. Good morning.
Anders Gustafsson - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning.
Richard Eastman - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Could you speak for a minute or two just to, how the channel looks versus how your direct sales look? If I look at maybe the sales upside in the quarter, at least to our expectations, it came out of Enterprise, and I'm curious if that upside at Enterprise came from direct sales on the mobile computing side or maybe health of the channel, sell in, sell out, that type of color.
Anders Gustafsson - Chief Executive Officer & Director: I would say the  I'll start and I'll ask Joe Heel to help out here also. I'd say our revenues were very balanced between channel and direct high-touch business. We had a large  a healthy number of larger deals, but we also had a very strong performance in our channel across the world, and we were particularly pleased with that as obviously introducing a new channel program with as much change as to one we did, and not see a hiccup in any of the performances was a great performance. So, we think that's a great win for us. Joe?
Joachim Heel - Senior Vice President-Global Sales: Yeah. I would add, the channel constitutes 83% of our revenue. And such, the introduction of the new channel program was particularly important for us, and as Anders said, we're very pleased that we saw strength in the channel revenues while we were introducing that new program. So really, the channel very nicely complemented the strength of the large deals that we did see in Q2.
Richard Eastman - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Was that strength kind of back end quarter loaded? I mean...
Anders Gustafsson - Chief Executive Officer & Director: No. I think we would say the business in the quarter was pretty evenly spread. We had good momentum as we entered Q2 and it continued to just be I think, from our perspective, a solid quarter.
Richard Eastman - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Okay. And this is just a follow-up question for Mike Smiley. In the $50 million of cost saved that we had forecasted for the year, I think $30 million of that was in  was targeted for the COGS line. When we look at the gross margin on the quarter, was that $30 million largely achieved on a run rate basis in the quarter?
Michael C. Smiley - Chief Financial Officer: I would say over the first half of the year a lot of it was achieved. There's still some to be realized in the second half.
Richard Eastman - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Coster of JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Paul Coster - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Yeah. Thanks for taking my questions. First of all, Anders, you've  you obviously look to return to growth as soon as this fourth quarter but also over the long haul. There's many dimensions to growth. Is this from first-time adoption of a new generation of applications? Is it from market share gain? Is it from increasing the software content and raising the ASPs? If you could kind of give us some flavor of what you think the main vectors of growth are over the long haul; that would be helpful. Thank you.
Anders Gustafsson - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. We see a lot of, I guess, first, strong secular growth trends that we're trying to capitalize on, starting from a vertical perspective, in healthcare. Healthcare has been a strong growth vertical for us for several years, and really, the catalyst has been the electronic health records, and we expect that there's still plenty of untapped potential within that vertical, particularly in the U.S. in the short term. But over time, we expect that to become more global. Transportation logistics has been a good vertical for us also over time. I think e-commerce continues to be a good driver, and we are for T&L also developing a lot of new and exciting solutions that are uniquely suited for T&L and to help drive more value for them. On the retail side, there's a  every retailer that we talk to has a big program around how to drive omni-channel or enable omni-channel. And in our view, omni-channel will be at least a neutral driver for us over time. But it might be a little more choppy in the short term as some retailers have more opportunities to invest than others. But we're seeing a lot of good opportunities or a lot of growth already from retailers that are adopting omni-channel type of strategies. So, if you think of, if you do Click & Collect or something like that in a store, it drives a totally different level of technology intensity around our products. And...
Paul Coster - JPMorgan Securities LLC: I'm sorry.
Anders Gustafsson - Chief Executive Officer & Director: And I'd say, maybe from a geographic perspective, Asia Pac continues to do very well for us. We think it's a, we have good opportunities to continue to do well there. We believe we're very well-positioned in Europe and the U.S. also, and we are programmed to reinvigorate growth in Latin America. It feels like it's also starting to pay off. And as a backdrop, I'd say, we are very excited about the new types of solutions we are developing around Enterprise Asset Intelligence to really help our customers get greater visibility into their operations to drive productivity improvements and enhancements to their service levels.
Joachim Heel - Senior Vice President-Global Sales: This is Joe Heel. I'd like to add one more dimension to the sources of growth, and that is that we continue to be in the middle of and, in fact, driving technology transitions in three major areas. The first one is the transition in mobile computing from legacy operating systems that requires migration of operating systems. There's over 50 (35:32) million mobile computers that need to migrate off Windows CE and Windows Mobile platforms by the end of 2020. And as you know, we're leading that transition, we had a very strong market share position in that transition in the first half and even in the last year. The second is in scanning, where the transition from 1D to 2D scanning is one that we are now leading, and the third is in printing where the transition from  where the expansion into mobile printing is providing lots of new growth opportunities for us.
Paul Coster - JPMorgan Securities LLC: I got more than I anticipated it. Separately, the  Anders, you talked to that, projects being delayed rather than being cancelled. In which verticals are they being delayed? And how are the customers  but why are they being delayed and how are the customers justifying it? I mean, assuming that they've got a three-year to five-year payback on these investments, delaying doesn't seem to make an awful lot of sense, but explain it to us, please?
Anders Gustafsson - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. I think, it's a few different reasons for that. I'd say, Q1, it was a lot to do with budgets hadn't been fully allocated out to the business units. So, they weren't necessarily in a position to go forward with some of those projects. In Q2, I'd say, it was more that many of our customers were saying there were a lot of things going on and they needed to pull back and be more focused. So, they didn't want to take on more projects than they felt they could realistically execute on. So, they were being more, I guess, diligent about which ones they picked and focused on. And, I said, that was probably more from a retail perspective where there's a lot of things going on within retail around omni-channel activities. So, those would be the  probably the top priority thoughts around that.
Joachim Heel - Senior Vice President-Global Sales: If I could correlate it with you. If you looked at the holiday season, which is of course, the key season for retailers, last year, it really was a very mixed season with some clear winners and some clear losers as you can say retailers that struggled to keep up. And as a result, as they entered into Q1, some of these retailers then went into introspection and reconsidered their plans for the coming year. That's not unusual, but because the Christmas season was so split in performance, I think it led to the reconsideration of some of the spending plans in Q1 in particular. Some of it spilling over into Q2 and the rest of the year.
Paul Coster - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jason Rodgers of Great Lakes Review. Please go ahead.
Jason A. Rodgers - Great Lakes Review: Yes. Just a follow-up on the retail discussion. Would you say that the environment overall for spending in retail improved in 2Q versus Q1 or did it pretty much remain about the same?
Anders Gustafsson - Chief Executive Officer & Director: No. It was definitely stronger. We saw good improvements, sequential improvement particularly in North America and it was both around traditional brick and mortar retailers, as well as e-commerce. And we certainly see e-commerce as a category to become more and more prominent within our overall retail category.
Jason A. Rodgers - Great Lakes Review: And, can you give us an update on what was saved thus far with the ES integration and the expected savings for the second half of the year?
Michael C. Smiley - Chief Financial Officer: Yeah. So, the full integration is expected to be completed in the middle of next year. I would say that we talked about the fact at the beginning of the year we saw $50 million of synergies coming through, of which $30 million was going to be cost of goods sold and $20 million was operating expense. Operating expense is primarily a full year impact of the things that were done last year. The cost of goods sold, as we said, a good chunk of it was realized in the first half, and we'll still realize some in the last half.
Jason A. Rodgers - Great Lakes Review: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Keith Housum of Northcoast Research. Please go ahead.
Keith Housum - Northcoast Research Partners LLC: Good morning, guys. Thanks for the question. Hey, Mike. What was the gross margin split between enterprise businesses and printing businesses this year  this quarter, I'm sorry?
Michael C. Smiley - Chief Financial Officer: Obviously, our gross margin in our printing business is always  has been traditionally higher than it has been in the enterprise business. If you look at it, what we do is we do  you will see the Q, the operating income will come in that area going forward. I think one thing we want to make sure you realize is that we're very pleased with the gross margins in those trends. We're realizing the benefits of the cost reduction initiatives, associated procurement, design to value, service margin improvements, more favorable sales mix. We also have  gross margins within mobile computing were particularly strong. These are a result of, obviously, multiple quarter efforts. And we expect the trend to trend positively. I will say that we did see sequential improvement in the gross margin on the enterprise business, which I think was favorable.
Keith Housum - Northcoast Research Partners LLC: Okay. We saw that the tax rate is changing for the year. Is there any change to your long-term guidance for that tax rate? I think you were previously between 22% and 24%.
Michael C. Smiley - Chief Financial Officer: Yeah. I think it's going to be probably closer to 25%-ish long term, but it's not changed dramatically.
Keith Housum - Northcoast Research Partners LLC: 20% this year and any thoughts to how it  I guess you scale up to 25% over the long term?
Michael C. Smiley - Chief Financial Officer: Yeah.
Keith Housum - Northcoast Research Partners LLC: I'm sorry. You got 20% this year, long term 25%. Is it going to go up sequentially every year for several years? How do you think we get to that 25%?
Michael C. Smiley - Chief Financial Officer: Yeah, it'll go up sequentially every year.
Keith Housum - Northcoast Research Partners LLC: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from James Faucette of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
James E. Faucette - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thank you very much. Just a couple of questions for me. First, I think you've talked about cost improvement being an important driver of gross margin. But I just want to make sure that  we were a little surprised with printing being weak that gross margins came in above target. Was that all related to the cost reduction efforts, or were there other mix or other items that really benefited that we should be aware of?
Anders Gustafsson - Chief Executive Officer & Director: The  yes. Printing was slightly weaker from revenue year-over-year but it was due to a really tough comp last year. There was one particular deal that we couldn't replicate. If we had been able to replicate that we would have seen growth. But the margin profile across the business, though, is quite steady, and the improvements we see there is really, goes back to all the efforts we put into driving improvements in gross margin or reductions in cost of goods sold. So, we've had a very deliberate initiative around procurement and design to value also for printing, but also for our enterprise product since we closed on the transaction. And we're now starting to see those programs or initiatives starting to bear fruit. Service is another area that we put a lot of emphasis on improving margins, which is also nice to see that that's now coming through.
James E. Faucette - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Got it. And then when you look at  one of the key objectives, going back to the Motorola Enterprise acquisition, was looking for opportunities to sell multiple product lines into customers. Can you give us an updated idea of how successful you've been thus far and what your customer base looks like, that may be buying products, multiple product lines now that weren't before?
Anders Gustafsson - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. I'll start and I'll ask Joe to help out also here. I'd say we have seen lots of good opportunities for our better-together story resonating. You can go  from a high level I look at healthcare. That has been a focused area for Zebra for a long time but not so much for Motorola. We have made healthcare a focused vertical for the entire business and we're seeing great growth for both mobile computing and scanning in there. And I'd say similar in retail, we are seeing new wins for printing in retail where we didn't have before. So, that's how  the strength we have on  from one part of the company across other verticals are helping to pull through business. I'd say also the examples that I went through in my prepared remarks, each of those examples are utilizing a number of different products, and all including both Enterprise and the pre-transaction Zebra printer products.
Joachim Heel - Senior Vice President-Global Sales: Joe Heel speaking. I would add, we put a lot of emphasis early on in cross-training the sales force in order to be able to sell the entire portfolio and to implement initiatives and incentives that would indeed incentivize the cross-selling. I think it's fair to report that we are seeing good traction on that, not only in the examples that Anders included in the prepared remarks, but throughout our business, we regularly see deals where both printing and our Enterprise products are included. We are moving, in fact, I would say beyond that now to where we have  to where we are implementing solutions in our customers where we integrate those combinations of products into more of a solution. Indeed, some of the things that Anders described are examples of that. One other thought on the cross-selling, of course, I mentioned earlier that 83% of our sales goes through partners. So, in order for us to be successful with the cross-selling, it isn't enough that our own sales force does this, but also that our partners do this. And the new PartnerConnect program is in fact helping us to do this. If you look at the elements of the program, it provides incentives for cross-selling. It provides certifications for partners to acquire capabilities across our entire portfolio. And of course, we only launched it in April, but we're quite confident that it will help us in that ability to cross-sell.
Anders Gustafsson - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. We're doing a lot of things to integrate the product families to work better together. So, initially, you can say there was almost like two separate products that were sold together as a bundle. But now, we've done things around how to make it easier to pair products. But also, we're now integrating our printer products into the OVS, our cloud-based services platform, to make sure that we can manage all products, irrespective of kind of the history of them, from one platform.
James E. Faucette - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Got it. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matt Cabral of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Matthew Cabral - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thank you. In your prepared remarks, Anders, you mentioned how Android is over a third of the mobile computing portfolio now. Can you just give us a sense for how customer interest has evolved around the transition, both with your larger customers, as well as the more run rate business? And when do you think we'll get to the tipping point where Android is more than 50% of that mobile computing portfolio? And then, also, just thinking about it from a gross margin perspective, any sense of how Android stacks up versus the wider enterprise average would be helpful as well.
Anders Gustafsson - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. So, the  we're very pleased with the progress on expanding our Android business. We have the industry's most comprehensive lineup of products for that and we are getting a lot of recognition for that  for product superiority in that area also. I'd say, the largest most sophisticated customers are the ones that are leading the charge. They have their own IT department to understand what is going on with Android and Microsoft and other operating systems and can make their own decisions about what's really in their best interest over the longer term. And so, we see  I'd say, we almost exclusively see larger tenders be for Android devices. Further down, if you look into kind of more the smaller deals run rate type of business. There I think it's a bit more inertia that people know the products they have. They have written applications around those that they don't necessarily have the resources in-house to migrate those off a legacy operating system to an Android, say. So, we expect there to be a lag before that happens. But we do  we are seeing Androids having more and more traction deeper down in the pyramid, say. So, it is working and we are having a number of plans for how to engage with both directly with end-users, as well as with  through our distribution and reseller partners to educate and train both resellers and end-users on these things. And then lastly on the margins, if you look at  if you compare a large deal, say, for Android versus a large deal for a legacy operating system, the margins tend to be very similar. If you compare a run rate type of deal for Android versus a legacy operating system, they again would be very similar. So, the difference we've seen in margin profile between Android and legacy operating system has been much more driven by the proponent (50:31) or the portion of the total revenue that comes from large deals versus run-rate.
Matthew Cabral - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thank you. And then I wanted to follow up on the earlier question about deal push out. Could you just give us a sense for how many of the push out deals that you talked about last quarter's call were actually closed in the second quarter versus the percentage that are still outstanding. And is your sense of either just timing around some volatility with your customers' businesses or are these push outs more a function of a wider re-scoping of projects where they're going back to the drawing board a little bit, and then maybe a couple or a few quarters before those actually convert into deals for you?
Joachim Heel - Senior Vice President-Global Sales: So, this is Joe Heel. I'll answer that one. We were very pleased with the fact that the deals that pushed out from Q1, we were able to close a majority of those. I don't have an exact percentage for you, but we were able to close a large number of those deals. That said, we do continue to see the caution that Anders mentioned, in particular in the retail sector and we've talked about it in some of the earlier questions. We do see some of that caution persisting. So, some deals in Q2, we saw push out to Q3. And so, we see some of that caution continuing. But we're quite confident, to your point, that it is a matter of timing and that it isn't that people are fundamentally reconsidering their architecture and their approach. I think they're weighing the projects in the context of an altered economic environment for themselves and an altered budgeting cycle that they perhaps find themselves in.
Matthew Cabral - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeremie Capron of CLSA. Please go ahead.
Jeremie Capron - CLSA Americas LLC: Thanks. And good morning, everyone.
Michael C. Smiley - Chief Financial Officer: Good morning.
Anders Gustafsson - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Hi, Jeremie.
Jeremie Capron - CLSA Americas LLC: Question on the integration of the Enterprise business. Clearly, some good progress being made here between the new partner program and the cost synergies that are flowing through here. But I couldn't help but notice that you removed your guidance for one time integration charges in 2016, 2017. I think you had $130 million to $150 million planned. Is that still the case? And correct me if I'm wrong, but I think I heard you say that you spent more than initially anticipated during the quarter. So, some color around the trajectory of one time integration charges over the next couple of years would be welcome. Thanks.
Michael C. Smiley - Chief Financial Officer: Yeah. This is Mike. A couple things to your point. We've achieved a number of significant milestones thus far. Again, the Asia Pac go-live went successfully as well as the PartnerConnect. Keep in mind that as we went through those within the region, we had a 10% growth. So, I think that speaks to the fact we had good execution. We've also rolled out aspects of our services program. So, all of those have been executed well. We look at sort of the integration spend in two buckets. One is IT-related, which is hooking up the systems to run the business. The other is non-IT or integration costs. The IT piece is on track and on budget at this point, and the non-IT expense was running about $20 million higher than the first half of 2016. We wanted to make sure that there was smooth execution. I think we've demonstrated that in the results that we have. Want to make sure that these things include the operating model by which we run the company, the legal entity structures. Again, this was a carve-out, very, very complex, structuring the PartnerConnect program to accomplish the things that are important for both us and our partners. We also had corporate rebranding as we move from a Motorola name to a Zebra name consolidated. Those types of things. I think it's important to note these additional costs that are non-IT are behind us. The integration expenses have peaked. We expect a step-down going forward, and we remain committed to a debt pay-down goals of $300 million in 2016 and $350 million in 2017.
Jeremie Capron - CLSA Americas LLC: Great. Thanks for that. And in terms of the new Chinese e-commerce customer that you mentioned and there's, it sounds like it's an interesting win that you scored here. Can you comment around the opportunity for Zebra in China? How much runway do you see for growth and how much of that could be imminent given what's happening in that e-commerce sector in China? Thanks.
Anders Gustafsson - Chief Executive Officer & Director: So, China has been a fast-growing market for us for a long time, and we have a very strong team I think in China. So, we're putting a lot of emphasis, a lot of effort into making sure that we have the right strategies for the long-term including making sure we have the products to support the Chinese customers. So, we are very excited about what China can do for us and how we can continue to grow in China. We've definitely seen our footprint expand over time, so when we first entered China, it was very much based on really Western manufacturing companies but over time we moved into a lot of the local manufacturing. But over the last few years we have seen a lot more retail particularly e-commerce as well as T&L, of course all those e-commerce packages need to be delivered somewhere. We've also seen actually quite strong healthcare growth. So, the portfolio of products we sell in China is now much broader, it starts to be much more similar to what we see in the U.S. and Europe as examples. Maybe...
Joachim Heel - Senior Vice President-Global Sales: Yeah. I'd add two other opportunities for growth that we're pursuing and have been pursuing in China. It's been really a growth story that's extended over many quarters for us now. The two others are  is cross-selling. We talked about that a bit earlier. We have strength in different sectors between the pre-transaction Zebra and the Enterprise business. Enterprise, as Anders was saying, having charged into the retail segments, the e-commerce segments, fast-growing areas where the printing was very strong traditionally in manufacturing. We now have the ability and are in fact cross-selling between those two. So, that's one very nice source of growth. And then the other one is, we have the opportunity to expand geographically within China, right? So, you have multiple tiers of cities, we're quite present already in the larger cities like Shanghai and Guangzhou and Beijing. But the second and third tier cities are ones we are in the process of penetrating and staffing. And so, we have lots of growth in that dimension as well.
Jeremie Capron - CLSA Americas LLC: Thanks very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Drab of William Blair. Please go ahead.
Brian P. Drab - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay. Thanks for letting me sneak in the question here. On Android, one-third of your mobile computing sales is a really impressive result going from essentially zero a couple of years ago. Given you've introduced these new products so recently, I'm wondering if there's an opportunity to improve your margins on those products going forward, just given the nature of when a new product is introduced, there's typically design work than can be done to take costs out of the product and improve your margins there. So, any comments on that opportunity?
Anders Gustafsson - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. Absolutely. This goes into the broader initiative we have around gross margin improvements. So, both  we're working on both regular procurement activities. So, working very closely with our contract manufacturers or JDM Partners to make sure that we get the lowest product cost we can from that perspective. But we also, having a number of this, what we call, design to value initiatives going on. This is where we take an existing product and look at ways to how we can redesign it, to design cost out of the product to reduce the product cost and improve margins. Both of these initiatives were meaningful drivers for the gross margin over performance that we had in Q2 here, and that included also on Android devices. So, we see clearly working very hard to make sure that we are very thoughtful and focused on improving margins in our Android portfolio.
Brian P. Drab - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay. Thanks. And then for Mike Smiley maybe, the selling and marketing expense has averaged $121 million over the previous five quarters. You're at $112 million in the second quarter. Where should we model going forward, closer to the $112 million or the $121 million?
Michael C. Smiley - Chief Financial Officer: Yeah. I think that as you look at that, we tend to look at  we obviously have a bottoms-up detail and we'll end up with  for example, adjustments to stock-based comp and stuff like that it sort of goes up and goes down. So, we tend to look at the  as we look for reasonableness, we tend to look at it for a total OpEx trend. I think in Q3, we're seeing things that are driving our total OpEx going up a little bit is we have some duplicative IT costs that are going through G&A, where, for example, you have two systems that have to work at the same time until you get off the old one. We have higher litigation expense, we also have some higher healthcare costs. Absent these costs, our total OpEx would be lower year-over-year. I don't know that sort of giving you definition of OpEx for sales and marketing and all those other things would necessarily be helpful at this point.
Brian P. Drab - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay. That litigation expense is ongoing?
Michael C. Smiley - Chief Financial Officer: Probably through this year.
Brian P. Drab - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay. All right. I'll follow up more later. Thanks.
Operator: And our last question will be from Andrew Spinola of Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Andrew C. Spinola - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Mike, can you just tell us what that litigation expense is associated with and how big it is in the second half?
Michael C. Smiley - Chief Financial Officer: It's just related to some of the litigation associated with the acquisition of  as we did the acquisition, we ended up with  assuming some of the responsibilities for some of those items. And it's just  it's not huge, but it's several million dollars quarterly.
Andrew C. Spinola - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Got it. And then just back on the question of the integration spend, the guidance would imply a pretty material step-down in the second half here. Can we still expect that?
Michael C. Smiley - Chief Financial Officer: Yeah. Again, we had said I think around $130 million to $150 million for the full year. Our integration expenses have peaked. We said that our expenses for the year are about $20 million associated with the non-IT related spend. Again, to your point, we expect a big step-down going forward, and we certainly remain committed to the $300 million debt pay-down 2016.
Andrew C. Spinola - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: And this concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Steel for any closing remarks.
Michael A. Steele - Vice President-Investor Relations: Thank you, all, for participating. Have a great day.
Operator: The conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-05-10 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Mike Steele - Vice President, Investor Relations Anders Gustafsson - Chief Executive Officer & Director Michael C. Smiley - Chief Financial Officer Joachim Heel - Senior Vice President-Global Sales
Analysts: Paul Coster - JPMorgan Securities LLC Brian P. Drab - William Blair & Co. LLC Keith Housum - Northcoast Research Partners LLC James E. Faucette - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Richard Eastman - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker) Jeffrey Ted Kessler - Imperial Capital LLC Andrew C. Spinola - Wells Fargo Securities LLC
Operator: Good morning, everyone and welcome to the Q1 2016 Zebra Technologies Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode. After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. Please also note that today's event is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference call over to Mike Steele, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Mike Steele - Vice President, Investor Relations: Good morning and thank you for joining us. Today's conference call and slide presentation will include prepared remarks from Anders Gustafsson, our Chief Executive Officer; and Mike Smiley, our Chief Financial Officer. Anders will begin by discussing our first quarter highlights and key drivers of the results. Mike will then provide more detail on the financials and discuss our 2016 outlook. Anders will conclude with an overview of our strategic priorities in 2016 and a brief update on our integration of the Enterprise business. Following the prepared remarks, Joe Heel, our Senior Vice President of Global Sales will join us as we take your questions. This presentation is being simulcast on our website at investors.zebra.com and will be archived there for at least one year. Before we begin, I need to inform you that certain statements made on this call include forward-looking statements which are subject to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements reflect the company's current expectations concerning future events and are subject to a number of factors and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. A detailed discussion of these factors and uncertainties is contained in the company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. During this call, we will make reference to non-GAAP financial measures, as we describe business performance. You can find reconciliations of our GAAP to non-GAAP results in today's earnings press release. Now, I'll turn the call over to Anders.
Anders Gustafsson - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you, Mike. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. It was clearly a challenging quarter as the softening demand we began to see in late 2015, particularly in North America, unexpectedly persisted through the end of the first quarter. As a result, adjusted sales declined 3% year-on-year on a constant currency basis, short of our expectation for approximately flat sales. In addition, given the flow-through impact of lower sales, non-GAAP earnings per share were $1.01 also below our expectations and lower than the prior year. Typically, our quarterly sales volume is backend loaded, particularly in the first quarter, through February we had been encouraged by a healthy pipeline of direct business, as well as the expectation for a pickup in growth across our reseller network. However, as we progressed through March, continued economic uncertainty combined with the slow IT purchasing environment led customers to push out decisions and commitments. This impacted our late quarter close rates and resulted in lower than expected sales. Also, our distribution partners reduced inventories as they navigated through softer than expected end-user demand. As a reminder, we faced a challenging comparison to exceptionally strong first quarter sales growth last year of 13% in North America, and 11% in constant currency for the total company. Turning to our regions, while we anticipated a decline in North America. The decrease was more pronounced than expected, driven largely by the macroeconomic uncertainty I discussed earlier. In EMEA, we saw a modest constant currency growth driven by strength in the UK, Germany and Eastern Europe. We saw some weakness in Southern Europe and the Middle East and the run-rate business was softer. Our Latin America region continued to see sharp sales declines through the first quarter after a weak 2015. That said, we had limited growth in Mexico, our largest contributor to sales volume in the region. This was overshadowed by ongoing weakness in Brazil where we have yet to see stabilization in the political and economic environment. There were some bright spots in the first quarter. First mobile computing sales were up slightly on a constant currency basis, including solid growth in Android. Second, on a constant currency basis, we achieved double-digit growth in Asia-Pacific, led by strong performance in China, and our supplies business returned to growth after a brief pause in the fourth quarter. In the U.S. and Europe, sales-out of our distribution partners outpaced sales-in, which indicates stronger end-user demand than our results indicate. Looking at our verticals, we saw the strongest growth in transportation and logistics, which benefits from parcel delivery and e-commerce growth. Healthcare continued to gain momentum and remains a strong vertical for us. However, retail, our largest vertical, declined due to slower purchasing decisions and fewer large transactions. While a number of environmental factors put pressure on our first quarter sales results, our team executed well within the areas of the business we were able to control. For example, despite lower than expected sales, we delivered Q1 gross margin at the high end of our expectations, as the result of our efforts to capture synergies and execute on our improvement plan for services margins. Given the lower than expected first quarter results and the continued headwinds, we are introducing a tempered outlook for the second quarter and have lowered our full year sales forecast. I'll now turn the call over to our CFO Mike Smiley, to review our financial results in greater detail and discuss our 2016 outlook. Afterwards, I will return to discuss our progress on strategic priorities, as well as key areas we are focused on to position the business for improved performance.
Michael C. Smiley - Chief Financial Officer: Thanks Anders. As you can see on slide five, adjusted net sales for the first quarter were $850 million, a 3% decline year-over-year on a constant currency basis. Enterprise adjusted sales were $537 million, down 4% year-over-year on a constant currency basis. Data capture and services declined while mobile computing sales increased slightly. We saw the steepest decline in data capture due to a difficult comparison, as we realized especially strong demand in Q1 2015. Wireless LAN sales, which represents approximately 3% of total Zebra, also were lower than last year. Legacy Zebra sales were $313 million, down 3% on a constant currency basis, against 19% growth in Q1 2015. This is largely driven by a decline in location solution sales related to last year's NFL contract. Our supplies business resumed growth in Q1 while printer sales declined slightly. As Anders mentioned, sales in North America declined 7%, with the sharpest decline in data capture offset by modest growth in mobile computing. EMEA generated modest growth, up 1% from a year ago on a constant currency basis. Slight growth in mobile computing, data capture and supplies were partially offset by lower printer sales. Sales in Asia-Pacific grew 10% in constant currency, led by strong performance in China. We saw growth in all major product categories. The growing middle class is creating healthy momentum in e-commerce and healthcare and driving growth in China and India. In Latin America, sales declined 15% as the result of a continued difficult macroeconomic environment, particularly in Brazil. Sales grew slightly in Mexico, where we are seeing signs of stabilization and have an improving pipeline of opportunities. Adjusted gross margin was 46.2%, at the high-end of our expectations and in line with the prior period. The benefits from integration synergies, including lower service costs, were partially offset by the flow-through impact from lower sales volumes, as well as the impact from unfavorable foreign exchange movements of approximately 60 basis points. Operating expenses for sales and marketing, R&D and G&A were $288 million, including $9 million of stock-based compensation expense. This reflects an increase of $4 million compared to the prior year, due to increased litigation expenses and the settlement of a legal matter. In the first quarter, we recorded expense associated with an under-accrual of 2015 commissions. This is mostly offset by lower year-on-year expenses related to the company's short-term incentive compensation plan. Other operating expenses included acquisition and integration and exit and restructuring cost of $43 million, which was $6 million higher than the prior year, and amortization of intangible assets of $59 million, which declined by $9 million compared to the prior year. In the quarter, non-GAAP EPS was $1.01, compared to $1.41 in the first quarter of last year. First quarter 2016 adjusted EBITDA margin was 15.5%, a decline of 140 basis points to the prior period, primarily due to the flow-through impact from lower sales, and an estimated 100 basis point unfavorable impact from foreign currency. As a side note, Q1 EBITDA margins would have been approximately 400 basis points higher using the exchange rate as of the close of the acquisition in October 2014. Turning now to the balance sheet and cash flow highlights on slide six. We ended the first quarter with $194 million in cash, which includes $143 million held outside the United States. We are at a seasonally high level of cash at the end of Q1 prior to a semi-annual interest payment on our senior notes in the second quarter. At the end of Q1, we had approximately $2.9 billion of long term debt on the balance sheet, consisting of $1 billion of senior notes due in 2022 and a $1.9 billion term loan maturing in 2021. The debt was used to finance the October 2014 Enterprise acquisition and we've been paying it down aggressively. With $80 million in total principal payments in the first quarter of 2016, net debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio is approximately 4.8 times. Our liquidity levels are solid. We have no near term debt maturities and an untapped $250 million revolving credit facilities with no financial covenants unless we have more than $50 million drawn at the end of any quarter. In the first quarter of 2016, we generated $95 million of cash flow from operations, which compared to $36 million in the first quarter of 2015. Capital expenditures were $19 million compared to $26 million in the first quarter of 2015. Our goal is to reduce debt by $300 million this year. In 2016, we expect improvement in cash flow as compared to the prior year driven by EBITDA margin expansion, approximately $90 million to $100 million less integration restructuring costs, and approximately $30 million lower non-integration related capital expenditures. We're also targeting greater than $30 million (sic) [$100 million] from various working capital initiatives, which we have already seen good progress in accounts payable and receivables management through the first quarter. Additionally, we also expect to reduce our minimum target operating cash level by approximately $50 million from the end of last year. Roughly one quarter of our total company sales are denominated in euros, and the vast majority of our cost in the eurozone are in U.S. dollars. In order to minimize volatility in our financial results, earlier this year we hedged approximately 80% of Zebra's net euro cash flow exposure for the entire year, effectively locking in $1.09 euro rate. This hedge rate is below current rates as the euro has recovered in recent months. Slide seven shows our path to financial deleveraging, our top priority for free cash flow over the next couple of years is to pay down the acquisition debt to achieve a more optimal capital structure. We are still committed to achieving net leverage ratio of less than three times by the end of 2017. Given the current headwinds we are facing, the potential impact on conversion rates and timing within our sales pipeline, we've moderated our growth expectations for the second quarter and full year. On slide eight, you'll see that for the second quarter, we expect adjusted net sales to be flat to down 3% from the comparable net sales of $894 million in the second quarter of 2015. This expectation reflects a range of a 2% decline to 1% growth on a constant currency basis. Second quarter 2016 adjusted EBITDA margin is expected to be in the range of 15% to 16%. Non-GAAP EPS are expected to be in the range of the $1.0 to $1.20. Our outlook also reflects a higher gross margin compared to the prior period, but lower than Q1 due to seasonal factors. Also in Q2 operating expenses are expected to be slightly lower than prior year period as we tightly control costs. For the full year, adjusted net sales growth is expected to be in the range of a 3% decline to 1% growth from the comparable net sales of $3.7 billion for the full year 2015. This reflects an expected range of a 2% decline to a 2% growth on a constant currency basis. We expect sequential growth in quarterly sales volumes throughout 2016 and also expect positive year-over-year sales growth by the fourth quarter. Due to the downward revision of our sales guidance, our adjusted EBITDA margin is now expected to be approximately 17% for the full year 2016, which is at the low-end of our previous expected range. The improvement over the prior year is driven primarily by higher gross margin. We expect slightly lower operating expenses than the prior year. Also note that we are assuming a 50 basis point drag to EBITDA margin year-on-year, based on foreign currency changes. For the full year, we have the following assumptions shown on slide eight. We expect capital expenditures of $70 million to $75 million, including $15 million to $20 million related to acquisition integration. Depreciation and amortization expense of $310 million to $315 million. Interest expense of $195 million to $200 million, including amortization of debt issuance costs of $18 million to $20 million. Share based compensation expense of $27 million to $29 million, a non-GAAP tax rate of approximately 22% to 24% and cash taxes of approximately $50 million to $60 million. As previously stated, relative to 2015, we expect to realize an incremental $50 million in acquisition cost synergies, during the full year 2016, approximately $30 million of which will improve our gross profit and roughly $20 million to reduce operating expenses. Consistent with our prior outlook, the rationalization and modernization of Zebra's IT platform and ecosystem will result in $130 million to $150 million of integration related costs over 2016 and 2017, of which approximately 20% will be in the form of capital expenditures. Also we expect the vast majority or roughly 80% of this cost to be incurred in 2016. The expense portion of these costs are one-time in nature and will be  and are excluded from our non-GAAP P&L results. These efforts are expected to drive additional operating expense efficiencies and reduce our ongoing capital expenditures once completed. I will now turn the call back to Anders.
Anders Gustafsson - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you, Mike. As shown on slide nine, we are executing within the framework of our four strategic priorities to address our near-term challenges and to meet our financial objectives. First, we are focused on delivering profitable growth as we capitalize on secular trends, prudently manage our cost structure and take immediate actions to improve sales. These include refining our go-to-market sales strategies, more frequent and intensive reviews of the opportunities in our sales pipeline, targeted programs to drive increased lead generation activity for our direct sales teams and distribution channel partners, and the rollout of new products and solutions. Additionally, in early April, we launched our PartnerConnect program, which better aligns partners' incentive with our own to drive growth. We believe PartnerConnect will also help us recruit more partners to expand our global network. Second, we continue to expect to realize $50 million of incremental cost synergies in 2016. In addition, we are tightly managing our overall cost structure, through investment prioritization and stringent controls on discretionary spending. Third, a top priority for Zebra is to improve free cash flow and de-lever their balance sheet through margin improvement, declining integration costs, lower capital spending and working capital efficiencies. Lastly, we will continue to make meaningful progress on our transition to One Zebra as we execute the remaining steps of our integration and leverage the Zebra brand. As I mentioned earlier, the recent key milestone in our transition to One Zebra was the launch of PartnerConnect, our new channel partner program. We've incorporated the strengths of the two prior programs and we have added a number of new design features. The launch is the result of an intense year of planning and engaging with channel partners to develop a best-in-class program. As part of the rollout, we got off to a great start last month with four regional summits held around the globe. We received very positive feedback on the new program and on our vision for Enterprise Asset Intelligence. Slide 10 provides some perspective on our progress in integrating the October 2014 enterprise acquisition. From the beginning, we've had a very structured process to ensure a successful integration. We established an internal Business Transformation Office or BTO to oversee the execution of the integration. The BTO has executive management and board oversight, as well as external resources to ensure that we implement best practices. The tremendous amount of advanced planning was done starting immediately after the transaction was announced. This included laying the foundation for our global integrated ERP. The first phase of our ERP successfully went live this month in our Asia-Pacific region and the remainder of our global operations will be transitioned over the next year. Other selected key initiatives shown on the slide have either been completed or are in advanced stages of completion. Despite near term challenges, I remain optimistic about the business, our value proposition to customers and our growth potential. We have made tremendous progress with integration and we remain highly focused on extending our leadership position in Enterprise Asset Intelligence. Our robust solutions extend our relevance well beyond hardware products into services and software. Later this month, we are launching our new brand campaign named Visibility That's Visionary, which highlights our smart innovative products, software and services, that help businesses gather insight into every aspect of their enterprise. Our Enterprise Asset Intelligence solutions enable our customers to sense, analyze, and act. With sensing, we enable real-time operational visibility into people and things, such as packages moving through the supply chain, luggage on an airport tarmac, and work flows in a medical facility. We can provide instantaneous connectivity between our customers' physical and digital worlds. We can then analyze this operational data, which can include status, condition, and location to provide actionable insights for our customers. Zebra's deep expertise has enabled us to be a strategic and trusted advisor to leading enterprise customers and partners throughout the world. Through Enterprise Asset Intelligence, we help enterprises improve productivity and deliver better experiences for their customers. Let me provide a few examples of emerging areas, where we have developed Enterprise Asset Intelligence solutions for our customers. First, we are working with a global transportation company on what we call Zebra Trailer Load Analytics, which collects real-time data on key load metrics, analysis the information and displays the results on a dashboard. The industry average load efficiency is about 70%, just 1% improvement in trailer space utilization, can represent millions of dollars in savings to transport carrier. This patented solution provides the visibility to quickly survey the status of the loads and make real-time adjustments to optimize capacity utilization. The result is improved margins through productivity gains and a reduced carbon footprint. Second, a solution piloted in Danish hospital allows staff to identify and track beds, wheelchairs, medical equipment and other assets on their mobile device. In general, more than one-third of nurses spend at least an hour locating equipment during an average hospital shift. By leveraging this Zebra RFID technology, users are able to optimize workflows, increase accuracy and asset utilization and improve patient care. And third, we are currently working with Bosch to create visibility across the food supply chain. The Food Safety Modernization Act requires greater transparency through the entire supply chain and requires electronic records of temperature to be kept from farm to fork. This regulation is driving increased interest in solutions that can sense and monitor temperature and other environmental conditions as goods are transported through the supply chain. Using Zebra's easy to deploy cloud-based temperature monitoring solution that uses wireless sensors, mesh networking, mobile computers and our cloud service. Providers are able to meet increasingly stringent regulatory demands, while offering consumers enhanced protection. All of these solutions demonstrate how our two legacy organizations are better together. We have a healthy pipeline of other innovative products and solutions to differentiate ourselves from our competition and drive leadership in Enterprise Asset Intelligence. One example of a recently launched product line is our 3600 Series scanners, which are 23% more durable than any other scanner in its class. These scanners are ideal for use in demanding industrial environments, such as warehouses, distribution centers, manufacturing shop floors and do-it-yourself retail stores. They also provide another proof point of Zebra's innovation in the core markets that we serve. We continue to be very well positioned. Our enterprise customers value our innovative products and solutions more than ever to meet their demands to increase productivity and improve customer service. Zebra facilitates retail commerce through all its channels. We benefit from the continued growth of e-commerce as those e-tailers expand their business. For traditional brick-and-mortar retailers, we are a key strategic partner as they work to improve their omni-channel capabilities and customer service levels, which require a more advanced level of inventory tracking technology than they have historically been able to deploy. For these reasons, independent research forecasts that retail will be our fastest growing opportunity in mobile computing in coming years. In our other key verticals, particularly transportation and logistics, healthcare and manufacturing, customers turn to our technology to gain a competitive advantage, reduce costs and increase efficiency in a wide array of applications, including workforce mobility and workflow and patient safety. Momentum behind secular trends including mobility, cloud computing and the Internet of Things continues to build with the proliferation of connected devices and mobile applications. Furthermore, the ongoing Windows operating system migration in mobile computing and the transition from 1D scanning to 2D imaging in data capture point to the depth and breadth of the growth opportunities ahead for Zebra. For these reasons, we firmly believe in the outlook for the company and are reiterating our long term financial goals, as shown on slide 12. We plan to continue to balance investments for growth with prudent expense control while realizing acquisition cost synergies. With this continued focus, we are confident in our ability to grow the business, further expand margins and reduce leverage. And with that, I'll hand the call back to Mike Steele.
Mike Steele - Vice President, Investor Relations: Thanks, Anders. We've reserved the balance of the hour for Q&A. We ask that you limit yourself to one question and one follow-up so that we can get to as many of you as possible. Jamie, please let our callers know how to ask a question.
Operator: 
Michael C. Smiley - Chief Financial Officer: Before we start, just real quick, I wanted to clarify something that I  in my prepared remarks, I mentioned that in our  achieving our goal of $300 million of debt repayment, I said that our working capital would provide $30 million of cash. Well, that number should be $100 million. I just want to make sure that's correct for everyone. Thank you.
Operator: And our first question comes from Paul Coster from JPMorgan. Please go ahead with your question.
Paul Coster - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Yeah. Thanks. Two questions. The first one really is to do with sales-out versus sales-in, in the United States. Can you just sort of clarify which products we are talking about? And what is this telling us about the sort of confidence of the distributors versus the end customers? And then I have a follow up.
Anders Gustafsson - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. We saw the same trend in North America, Europe and Latin America, where the end markets were a little weaker than what the distribution partners had expected at the beginning of the period. So, when their expectations are tempered a little bit, tempered down a bit, they tend to reduce their inventory positions, in order to maintain the same level of days on hand. But for us that means that basically sales-out continues at a reasonable clip, but they can then satisfy that with inventory in hand for some time. So for us, our revenue recorded becomes less, while the sales-out, which is a better indication of the health of the end markets, continues at the better pace.
Paul Coster - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. And then the follow-up question Anders is that, I think people will be forgiving if this is an air pocket that's cyclical in nature. I think the concern is that there is competition, there's commoditization, substitution by smartphones of some of the MSI business, and that some of the secular growth isn't as strong as perhaps depicted. So, can you just sort of give us some sense of whether there's an  what your view of the competitive landscape and the commoditization risk currently is and whether that's also impacting you in addition to the cyclical slowdown here?
Anders Gustafsson - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. Our industry is clearly competitive. We always said it's a competitive industry, but it is also fairly fragmented. Zebra is the clear market leader, and if you go back to 2015, we gained share across all our main product lines globally, and early indications are that we held or gained share in the first quarter here also. So, I think the cost for the difficulty we're seeing is much more macro in nature. I think we certainly feel that we are very well positioned to continue to expand our leadership position in the industry. And our customers view us now much more as being strategic to them, our solutions are well respected and needed by our customers and I think we're very well aligned  our solution is very well aligned with our customers priorities.
Paul Coster - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Drab from William Blair. Please go ahead with your question.
Brian P. Drab - William Blair & Co. LLC: Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. First one is just on OpEx is up slightly year-over-year and the expectation was for it to be flat to slightly down. Mike you mentioned the litigation expense, I guess that's related to the lawsuit around the NFL technology, I'm just wondering if you could comment further on why OpEx was up slightly year-over-year versus your expectation for flat to down? And are those litigation costs something that  is that a headwind we should be expecting to be around through the balance of 2016, do you have any idea?
Michael C. Smiley - Chief Financial Officer: Yeah. The majority of that increase is related to a settlement, so fortunately settlements don't incur additional costs, so that shouldn't be ongoing. It's related to an IP matter, and it's not the  it's not related to the NFL. I think that one thing we would want people to take away is that, we have been aggressively managing our cost. And I think as we put out our forecast for Q2, we're seeing slightly lower year-over-year OpEx as we go into the second quarter, so OpEx is getting a lot of focus from management at this point.
Brian P. Drab - William Blair & Co. LLC: Is that settlement  does that settlement account for the discrepancy between what you are expecting for OpEx versus the actual result?
Michael C. Smiley - Chief Financial Officer: Most of it. There's a little bit also of healthcare. Healthcare is a difficult item to forecast. And so, depending upon the actual employee health issues it goes up and goes down. So the biggest  the biggest one is the litigation related to the IP. I'd say the next one is healthcare.
Brian P. Drab - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay. Thanks. And then can I just ask too, is there any way you could quantify what we were talking about in the last caller's question related to the sell-through for the channel. Anders you mentioned that the channel is seeing growth, what sort of growth are they seeing, how big is the discrepancy between your sales versus what the channel is seeing?
Anders Gustafsson - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. I don't think we can quantify it in real dollar terms, but the channel sales were slightly negative for us in North America, but they were on the sales-in basis, but they are positive on the sales-out basis. So there was a difference, but I wouldn't say that that would be  that's not the sole reason for why we missed our numbers.
Brian P. Drab - William Blair & Co. LLC: Understood. Do you have any sense for the inventory level going into the second quarter in the channel?
Anders Gustafsson - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. We believe that the inventory level going into the channel is appropriate. And we are forecasting basically a neutral sales in and sales out for the second quarter.
Brian P. Drab - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay. Thanks very much.
Anders Gustafsson - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah.
Operator: Our next question comes from Keith Housum from Northcoast Research. Please go ahead with your question.
Keith Housum - Northcoast Research Partners LLC: Good morning, gentlemen.
Anders Gustafsson - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning.
Keith Housum - Northcoast Research Partners LLC: Good morning, guys. If I could just follow-up on the performance of the legacy Zebra business during the quarter, I just want to clarify, how the business performed excluding the Location Solutions Group?
Michael C. Smiley - Chief Financial Officer: Effectively, it was fairly flat except for Location Solutions. Location Solutions was the major change from year-to-year.
Keith Housum - Northcoast Research Partners LLC: Okay, great. And as we look at the first quarter guidance and the second quarter guidance, obviously, compared to full year, you guys are expecting significant growth, I think even in second half of the year, what gives you guys the confidence in that? Is it the larger deals, is it your pipeline as you guys are exiting the quarter?
Anders Gustafsson - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. So, we have confidence in our 2016 outlook as we've outlined here now. We certainly had persistent macro headwinds in the first quarter. It's a big drive. And when we look at the markets going forward, we don't believe that they are getting worse. If anything that feels like Q2 is getting a bit better, but we want to have a cautious tone I guess to this, and we've also taken a more cautious assessment of some of the assumptions that we used to build up our forecast. So, I think on the last call, we talked about our close rates for the deals we have in the pipeline, they ended up being lower than what we had expected, lower than what we had seen in the last five years, based on both the budgets being pushed out, but also more C-level people changes where they kind of came in and put a freeze on some projects until they could figure out what the new IT strategy and IT projects priorities should be. And we're also assuming some longer sales cycle based on what we've seen here in the quarter. But we do expect stabilization in the second quarter, and we would expect to have sequential growth, but we're forecasting basically sequential growth in line with historical trends when we look at what the business has done quarter-over-quarter over the last five years. It gives us a sense of what's normal, so we don't want to  we're not pushing beyond that particularly. And as I said earlier, sales-out versus sales-in we're forecasting to be neutral. Our partner community they were very bullish beginning of the year at the end of last year, beginning of this year, and they continue to remain very optimistic. So that gives us some confidence. We launched our new partner program, PartnerConnect in April, that we believe will help us drive some enthusiasm around our brand and recruit some more partners and win more business, and we have a good pipeline, we do have a very strong pipeline for the business.
Keith Housum - Northcoast Research Partners LLC: Great. So you said that they are  they are just being pushed out and not being cancelled, but deals are in the pipeline? Correct.
Anders Gustafsson - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. The vast-vast majority of them are just being pushed out some to Q2, some further out. We don't expect that trend will totally stop. I suspect that we will see some continued push out from Q2 to Q3, but it will diminish as the year goes by. And our  we have not lost anymore deals than we would normally do, so this is not about we losing deals. This is deals getting pushed out.
Keith Housum - Northcoast Research Partners LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from James Faucette from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead with your question.
James E. Faucette - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thanks very much. I guess I have two questions. First, gross margins seems to have rebounded in the first quarter. And I'm wondering kind of, if you can give a little color what drove that, was that mix or were there build material changes, et cetera? And then I have kind of a longer-term question or specifically related to 2017, is that if we look, you're continuing to talk about getting below three times debt-to-EBITDA type ratios, but  and it seems like they're indicating that part of that will come through the commitment to pay down the $350 million in debt, but at the same time I think at least what we're seeing today is that, the earnings outlook for 2017 probably looks a little dimmer today. And then also it seems like you're also reducing a little bit your synergies benefits expectations, so I'm just wondering if you can help us bridge a little more directly what you think you may have to do or how you can get those ratios? ?Thank you.
Michael C. Smiley - Chief Financial Officer: Yeah. This is Mike. And so, there is a couple of questions in there and I'll start with the gross margin. I think, first of all, we were very pleased with the results in the first quarter from a gross margin standpoint. One of the nice things that we saw there was our services margin improved meaningfully in the first quarter, which helped, obviously the synergy work we've been doing on the procurement side has helped us. We see as the year goes on that we'll continue to benefit from further work that's been done on the procurement side. Volume will also improve. So, from what I think was a very solid first quarter, we see that continuing to improve through the end of the year. So, when you look at the cash flow available for re-payment of our debt, part of it's going to come from the stronger margins to offset some of the top-line dampening that we've been sharing. As far as the ability to reach our three times net debt to EBITDA, there is a couple of things that I want to highlight is that when we set the $350 million for 2017, we weren't assuming that all of our cash for 2017 would be necessary to get down to that three times debt to EBITDA, so there is  so as a result, if we achieve what our expectations are in 2017 even with what we had prior to our current change, we could have done more than $350 million and we still see an easy path getting to the $350 million. As far as the $300 million for this year, again just to reiterate, we said that we expect our EBITDA margin to improve from last year. And as I tried to clarify earlier, working capital improvements should be $100 million better than last year. I think if you look at our cash flow, you can see we had $96 million of operating cash flow, a lot of that came from working capital. So, it was a huge improvement from the prior year. We also have $90 million to $100 million lower integration spend year-over-year. CapEx will be lowered by $30 million, a big chunk that relates to the savings for the spending we had last year to get everybody in the same place. And then, we also see the ability to  this doesn't necessarily go to three times as far as paying down our debt. We see the ability to repatriate $50 million in the year from foreign locations that will help us reduce our debt.
Anders Gustafsson - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Maybe just to add a couple of things. You mentioned also, you thought our synergy target had gone down and it hasn't. We have not changed our synergy target, that's the same as it was before. And in 2017, our integration cost will further come down and actually go away altogether, so it could generate a lot of additional free cash flow.
James E. Faucette - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: That's great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Richard Eastman from Robert W. Baird. Please go ahead with your question.
Richard Eastman - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Yes. Thank you. Anders, could you just speak a little bit. I just want to dig down into this dynamic around the push-out of the deals. We continue to pick up, obviously the omni-channel spend is still pretty healthy. We do have this Android/Microsoft operating language conversion on the mobile computing side. I'm just curious, what is the genesis of the push-outs? I mean, the spending in the omni-channel, and you commented earlier that your retail business was down. But that spending in the omni-channel seems to be somewhat independent of the health of the retailers, given that they're supporting their online spending infrastructure, or their online shipment infrastructure. So maybe you could just help us understand the context of these push-outs and maybe the timing of that?
Anders Gustafsson - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. I'll start a little broad, a little high, and then I'll kind of narrow myself down to more the omni-channel activities, but first I'd say the corrections we saw in the stock market in late 2015, early 2016, that happened as people were starting to put together their 2016 operating budgets. So I think that caused people to wonder, should I lean into 2016 or should I lean out of it. So, I think people took a little longer to finalize their budgets, they took a little longer to hand down those budgets to their operating units. So it took longer for basically the businesses to get back to business again. And also in retail specifically I think the Christmas season was kind of uneven between the different retailers. And the omni-channel activities for retailers, it's a big strategic shift for retail generally. You have traditional brick and mortar retailers and then you've had more the pure play e-commerce guys fulfilling through a distribution center. So, there has been more change I guess in the executive suite to be able to deal with this and when you have a new, say an IT team come in, they tend to want to pause a little bit of what they're doing, assess what they're doing, figure out what the new priorities, new strategies should be, but then, in order for them to execute on their omni-channel strategy. Now, we are very well positioned to help them with their omni-channel strategy. We are an essential part of helping them drive greater visibility into all the merchandise they have in store, which is essential to having an effective omni-channel strategy. But I'd also like to, again, maybe point to, there are more new use cases that drives demand for our products in retail and in, say the online e-commerce piece. So if you just go back and think about how historically a retailer would get a pallet of goods delivered at the back of the store, you would take the boxes out and scan them in, put them in the back of the store, then you would put them in the front of the store and the consumer will pick it up and take it to the point of sale, where they will be scanned. So the touch points for our products was there, but not as dense as it is today. If you now look at, for a brick-and-mortar retailer, say, you have click-and-collect. So you order from home, you have somebody in the store pick up all the merchandise for you and check you out; that requires a lot more mobile computing, scanning, printing. You have mobile point-of-sale as part of that. You have pick up at the curb. You have to identify the consumer. We use lockers to do this. And if you go into a fulfillment center, you see lots and lots of touch points where you have to scan every item in, it's not just pallets, you are scanning every item that comes, and equally you have to scan it out. And it drives lots of printing, lots of mobile computing, and eventually also you get the benefit of transportation logistics, that each package has to deliver to somebody's home. So the backdrop for us in retail, we see as being very positive as these new modalities of how consumers want to interact with the retailers tends to be very favorable and require more of our product.
Richard Eastman - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Let me just ask one follow-up question; in terms of rolling out the PartnerConnect program, do you feel that  I mean it's fairly well telegraphed. And I don't exactly know how commission structures have changed or any of that, but at the same time, was there any impact from the second quarter roll out of the PartnerConnect program on your sell-in to the distributors?
Anders Gustafsson - Chief Executive Officer & Director: I think if there was, we believe it is very small. We don't believe that that had a big impact on the first quarter. We purposefully were not sharing too much about the new program until we got into the first days of Q2 to specifically ensure that we didn't distort Q1 or Q2.
Richard Eastman - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Okay. All right. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeff Kessler from Imperial Capital. Please go ahead with your question.
Jeffrey Ted Kessler - Imperial Capital LLC: I'd like to drill down on the  sorry, on your pipeline a little bit. Could you describe the nature of what's in the pipeline from a  let's just say from a functional or perhaps from a vertical market point of view, and what gives you that confidence that that pipeline is going to have a good gross margin in it?
Anders Gustafsson - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. So, I'll start and then I'll hand over to Joe Heel here also. But we've driven a lot of discipline around how we manage our pipelines, making sure all the deals get put into the pipeline. So, we have as good a visibility into all the opportunities that we work on to make a quarter. We categorize all the opportunities based on, if it's something that's high likelihood, medium likelihood or less likelihood and then we have our run rate business too in there. So, there's a number of different components that we look at historical, statistical conversation rates to add up to our forecast, and that's worked very well for us for many years. The conversion rates were lower in Q1 than they've been before and that we had not anticipated that. We think that's because of the uncertainty in the economy and budgets getting pushed out later and so forth, not something that is systematic. Thinking more episodic. I think Joe can probably give you a little bit more color around exactly how we use the pipelines?
Joachim Heel - Senior Vice President-Global Sales: Yeah. So, what we're seeing in the pipelines is very much a product of what Anders described happened in the first quarter in terms of some of the deals in particular in retail pushing out. Those deals are in our pipeline going forward and the ones that we see there are the more significant investment decisions in particular things related to for example the operating system migrations. Those are big decisions that the retailers need to make and they were affected by this hesitation that they perhaps sensed in the first quarter. But we see those in our pipeline where the customers are planning to do those operating system migrations. The other things that we see in the pipeline are the new products. We've released a significant number of new products as you've seen over the last one to two quarters and those are beginning to take hold in our pipeline as are some of the new technologies that we have developed in some cases with customers. So that's a good summary of what we're seeing.
Jeffrey Ted Kessler - Imperial Capital LLC: Okay. Also, on the incremental $30 million that you have  or $50 million, assuming that you expect to save in synergies this year. You mentioned that a portion of that is going to go to, I believe, $30 million or $20 million will go to gross margin and the rest is going to go into operating expense. Is this a  is this in effect an incremental improvement over improving the margin than you saw in the first round of expense  of synergies?
Michael C. Smiley - Chief Financial Officer: Yeah, this is Mike. So yes it's $50 million, $30 million of it is cost to goods sold, $20 million is OpEx. Again this is improvements from 2015 and for the OpEx, a portion of it is just actions that happened in last year will have a full year effect in 2016. The cost of goods sold is primarily procurement related items where you have to sort of burn through old inventory at higher prices before you can process through your P&L, the lower cost items that you negotiated previously.
Jeffrey Ted Kessler - Imperial Capital LLC: Okay. So interpreting that last sense, you are saying that essentially by doing that. The margin on cost of goods should continue to be helped by what you're doing right there on that $30 million?
Michael C. Smiley - Chief Financial Officer: Yeah, so we talked about the gross margin. As we go through the year, we see  obviously we're affected year-over-year by FX headwinds, right. So that is a negative impact for us on our gross margins. We saw actually in the first quarter of 60 basis points. That's offset by the synergy benefits that we saw, services improvements in margins that we talked about in the first quarter, we expect it continues through the full year. And then as we forecast it, our revenue is going to increase, our volume is going to increase as the year progresses, and that will also help us. So as we've talked about gross margins, though we've done  considering the headwinds of FX, we had very strong Q1 and we expect that to continue through the end of the year.
Jeffrey Ted Kessler - Imperial Capital LLC: Okay, great. Thank you very much.
Michael C. Smiley - Chief Financial Officer: Yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Spinola from Wells Fargo. Please go ahead with your question.
Andrew C. Spinola - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Anders, I wanted to ask you about the long-term EBITDA guidance of 18% to 20%. When you've talked about that in the past, you've sort of referred to it as not just a range that you hope to be in just for a moment and then back below it, but a range you hope to operate in on a consistent basis. As you can imagine after this quarter and the lower guidance, it's starting to look fairly far out into the future, and even the low end of that range is looking more difficult to achieve. So it would seem to me there's going to need to be an inflection here in the expenses or the gross margin to reach that range by the end of 2017. So I'm wondering two things. One, do you still feel like that range is the range you will be in as opposed to just a peak range? And at what point in 2016 and 2017 will we start to see this inflection that you can get to that?
Anders Gustafsson - Chief Executive Officer & Director: So, first, we are confident that that's still a very appropriate range for us and we expect to be within that range more consistently. I think the original target was for that to happen as a run rate as we exit 2017. So, I think that what we saw here in the first quarter is much more driven by short-term economic issues that seems like many other companies have been hit by too, not a structural issue to us or our industry. We feel we have good growth opportunities. We have good opportunity to expand our gross margin, expand our EBITDA margin as well. So, I feel that's a very appropriate and doable target for us.
Michael C. Smiley - Chief Financial Officer: Yeah. Just to follow-on Andrew, just not to belabor the point, but if we had  the exchange rate  the goals that you talked about were set and we did the acquisition. And at that point, the exchange rate for the euro was a about a $1.33. So, if we were still in that environment today, our EBITDA margin would be 19.8% for the first quarter. So, I think from a management standpoint, as Anders is saying for us to still hold onto this 18% to 20% EBITDA margin. I'm hoping people will realize that we are managing in a very, very challenging environment. That said, as I mentioned on the previous question, we still see in the year, we had very strong Q1 gross margin. We see that improving through the year. We have  we're managing our OpEx carefully and I would say that within our current OpEx, there are certain integration, or two-system dis-synergies, which is in the middle of 2017 should reduce pretty dramatically  meaningfully I don't want to say all of a sudden OpEx falls off the table, but that will help us further drive towards the EBITDA margin that we're still holding on to and are confident we'll achieve.
Anders Gustafsson - Chief Executive Officer & Director: It's a very important goal for us. We have set a lot of internal targets around that also to align the entire organization towards these things. So, we clearly see this as one of our absolute top priorities, and one that we feel very good about our ability to meet.
Andrew C. Spinola - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thanks. And I also wanted to ask you about this recent sort of interesting product introduction by Cognex. Just wondering if you have any thoughts on that product instruction in terms of sort of philosophically does it change your view at all on the effectiveness of smartphone products for some in this space, or make you think anything differently about how to approach the market for some of these products?
Anders Gustafsson - Chief Executive Officer & Director: No. As I said earlier, we have a competitive market. It's a very fragmented market. There's lots of competitors coming in and out of our market. We are the clear market leader and we gain share in 2015, we certainly expect to continue to gain share in 2016. So, we're not focused on anyone particular competitor. We're looking at how do we make sure that we can execute our plans. There're obviously a number of players with different sleds out there. So it's not something radically new for the industry, so I feel comfortable with our competitive position and our ability to continue to grow and expand our market share.
Andrew C. Spinola - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thanks, Anders.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, at this time we've reached the end of today's question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the conference call back over to Mike Steele for any closing remarks.
Mike Steele - Vice President, Investor Relations: We appreciate all your questions today and have a great rest of your day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today's conference call. We do thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2015 Q4  (2016-02-25 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Mike Steele - Vice President, Investor Relations Anders Gustafsson - Chief Executive Officer & Director Michael C. Smiley - Chief Financial Officer Joachim Heel - Senior Vice President-Global Sales
Analysts: Richard Eastman - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker) Saliq Jamil Khan - Imperial Capital LLC Jason A. Rodgers - Great Lakes Review James E. Faucette - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Keith Housum - Northcoast Research Partners LLC Josh Berman - William Blair & Co. LLC Paul J. Chung - JPMorgan Securities LLC
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Zebra Technologies Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2015 Results Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mike Steele, VP, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Mike Steele - Vice President, Investor Relations: Good morning and thank you for joining us. Today's conference call and slide presentation will include prepared remarks from Anders Gustafsson, our Chief Executive Officer; and Mike Smiley, our Chief Financial Officer. Anders will begin by discussing our 2015 accomplishments. Mike will then provide more detail on the financials and introduced our 2016 outlook. Anders will conclude with an overview of our strategic priorities in 2016 and elaborate on our outlook. Following the prepared remarks, Joe Heel, our Senior Vice President of Global Sales will join us as we take your questions. This presentation is being simulcast on our website at investors.zebra.com and will be archived there for at least one year. Before we begin, I need to inform you that certain statements made on this call include forward-looking statements which are subject to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements reflect the company's current expectations concerning future events and are subject to a number of factors and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. A detailed discussion of these factors and uncertainties is contained in the company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. During this call, we will make reference to non-GAAP financial measures, as we describe business performance. You can find reconciliations of our GAAP to non-GAAP results in today's earnings press release. In addition, year-over-year sales growth references for Enterprise, which was acquired in October 2014 and for total Zebra, will be on an estimated historical basis. Now, I'll turn over the call to Anders.
Anders Gustafsson - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you, Mike, and we're excited to have you on the team. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. I am pleased to report fourth quarter sales and non-GAAP EPS in line with our guidance. For the quarter, we reported sales of $956 million adjusted for purchase accounting, reflecting 4% year-over-year constant currency growth, and non-GAAP EPS of $1.51. After completing our first full year with the acquired Enterprise business, we delivered 2015 sales growth of 8% on a constant currency basis and adjusted EBITDA margin of 16.6%. This transformative combination has positioned Zebra as the global leader in Enterprise Asset Intelligence. This means delivering visibility solutions to help companies improve productivity and deliver better experiences for their customers. Our solutions enable our customers to sense, analyze and act. With sensing, we enable real-time operational visibility into people and things, such as: packages moving through the supply chain; merchandise in a store; workflows in a medical facility; analyzing this operational data, which can include status, condition, and location, results in actionable insights. This gives our customers the ability to make smarter decisions and act on those insights anytime and anywhere. Zebra's deep expertise and portfolio of innovative solutions have enabled us to be a strategic and trusted advisor to leading Enterprise customers and partners. Our breadth and depth of products, services and technologies is unmatched in the industry. In short, as One Zebra we are well positioned for success. On slide five, you will see the solid progress we made last year against our four strategic priorities. We have delivered profitable growth, our first strategic priority, by capitalizing on secular growth trends through innovative solutions, solid execution, and cross-selling opportunities. As I mentioned, we finished a very successful year with total company sales growing 8% on a comparable constant currency basis. This includes 13% legacy Zebra growth and 5% growth for Enterprise. Sales of mobile computers, printers and scanners were particularly strong as we extended our global market leadership in these product categories. With Enterprise now part of Zebra, 2015 was the first year in which organic Enterprise sales have grown since 2011. In services and wireless LAN, sales were lower than a year ago. We are focused on improving execution, launching new products, and developing our sales pipelines. In our overall business, solid growth in North America, EMEA and Asia-Pacific, more than offset weakness in Latin America, especially Brazil. From a vertical markets perspective, we saw strong sales growth in retail, transportation and logistics, and healthcare. Our customers continue to invest in technology to improve efficiencies and in turn profitability, a trend that benefits Zebra in both good times and bad. For example, we improved our win rate against consumer mobile devices in 2015 as customers realized the inherent advantages of our devices that can be tailored to specific work environments. We saw 150% growth in Android-powered devices as our broad offering resonated with customers' needs. We have also made great progress on our second strategic priority of realizing cost synergies. We realized approximately $130 million in the full-year 2015 and remain on track to achieve $200 million of annualized cost synergies from the Enterprise acquisition by the end of 2016. We saw most of this benefit in operating expenses as we integrated and rationalized our sales, marketing and engineering teams. Our third strategic priority has been to delever our balance sheet. We are pleased to report the pay down of $165 million of debt associated with the acquisition in 2015. We are on track to decrease our financial leverage to less than three times net debt to adjusted EBITDA by the end of 2017. And finally, our fourth priority has been to operate effectively as One Zebra. Today, our customers consider us a more strategic partner. Our ability to provide solutions to meet our customers' long-term business objectives will further enable us to deliver the full value of the combined business. As an example, we won the business of a leading national food and beverage company through our Better Together value proposition, displacing a major competitor. We were able to leverage the strength of our printer solutions to subsequently secure their mobile computing business with our TC70 Android device and provide services to help them transition their legacy applications. Regarding our integration work, we are pleased with the progress we have made. However, we still have more work to do. To-date, we have unified our organizational structure and have begun to establish a strong common Zebra culture. We have migrated and consolidated engineering systems, implemented sales tools, rebranded the company and reduced a number of real estate sites. Turning now to the fourth quarter highlights on slide six. As I mentioned, sales of $956 million for the quarter translated to 4% growth in constant currency; continued strength in North America and Asia Pacific more than offset softness in EMEA and a decline in Latin America. The underperformance of EMEA was primarily driven by macro factors, with particular weakness in Russia, Turkey, France and the Middle East. However, we saw solid demand in Germany and the UK. Asia Pacific growth continued to be propelled by the business in China. From a product perspective, sales were higher in mobile computing. Larger companies continued to be early adopters of Android. This is laying the foundation for our run rate business, as smaller customers who have traditionally been served by our channel partners determine how they will transition to next-generation operating systems. Both data capture and printing performed well in the fourth quarter. The strength within our data capture business was broad-based and continued to be bolstered by 2D imaging. The printing business continued to be a strong performer in all product categories with notable growth in mobile printing and the Link-OS software platform for device management. We had a strong fourth quarter adjusted EBITDA margin of 17.3%. We continue to balance investments for growth with prudent expense control, while realizing acquisition cost synergies. With this continued focus, we are confident in our ability to further expand margins over time. With that, I'll turn the call over to our CFO, Mike Smiley to review our financial results in more detail, our integration progress, and to introduce our 2016 outlook.
Michael C. Smiley - Chief Financial Officer: Thanks, Anders. Before I discuss fourth quarter results shown on slide seven, I would like to remind you that we completed our acquisition of Motorola's Enterprise business on October 27, 2014. As a result with the exception of certain sales growth references, 2014 information reflects the financial results for the Enterprise business for the last two months of the year. Total GAAP sales for the fourth quarter were $953 million. Excluding the impact of purchase accounting, total sales for the fourth quarter were $956 million. Enterprise sales excluding purchase accounting adjustments were $636 million, up 2% year-over-year on a constant currency basis, inclusive of estimated 2014 Enterprise sales. Data capture and mobile computing sales grew and sales of wireless LAN and services declined. Pre-transaction Zebra sales were $321 million, up 7% in constant currency. Demand remains strongest in retail and transportation logistics verticals. Momentum in healthcare also continues to grow. Top growth drivers again include e-commerce, mobility, share gains associated with the OS migration in mobile computing, the transition from scanning to 2D imaging in data capture and the continuing refresh cycle in printing. From a regional perspective, on a comparable basis, sales in North America grew 7%. We experienced the strongest growth in the data capture business. Mobile computing continued to be driven by strong growth in our Android portfolio. Printing, tabletop and mobile computers were out performers. EMEA continued to experience softness and was up 1% from a year ago on a constant currency basis. Scanning and printing sales grew, offset by lower mobile computing sales. Sales in Asia-Pacific grew 9%. The region continued to be led by strong performance in China. Growth in mobile computers were driven by retail and transportation logistics both supported by trends in e-commerce. The printing business also performed well with mobile printers posting very strong growth. In Latin America, sales declined 12% as a result of a difficult macroeconomic environment. The region experienced growth in printing but currency devaluations continued to drive local currency prices higher, adversely impacting the overall demand environment. The region is stabilizing and we remain focused on pursuing selective opportunities and improving demand generation. GAAP gross margin for the quarter was 44.9%. Excluding the impact of purchase accounting, gross margin was 45.1%, consistent with our guidance. Normalized for currency, gross margin was comparable to third quarter 2015 gross margin of 45.5%. Enterprise gross margin of 42.3% was down slightly compared to the third quarter. Improved services margin resulting from operational efficiencies was offset by the impact of a large mobile computing deal and currency changes. Pre-transaction Zebra gross margin was 50.7% compared to 49.7% in the fourth quarter of 2014. The impact of currency has been offset by lower product sales in hardware and supplies, the price increase in Europe and the benefits of our hedging program. Operating expenses for sales and marketing, R&D and G&A, were $291 million, including $6 million of stock-based compensation expense. Operating expenses were favorable to our prior outlook, due to good expense control and lower stock-based compensation expense. Other operating expenses include acquisition and integration and exit and restructuring costs of $54 million and amortization of intangible assets of $61 million. In the quarter, the net loss per share on a GAAP basis was $0.13. Non-GAAP earnings per diluted share were $1.51 compared to $1.22 in the fourth quarter of 2014. Adjusted EBITDA increased 14% year-over-year to $165 million, or 17.3% of sales. Turning now to the balance sheet and cash flow highlights on slide eight. We ended the year with $192 million in cash, which includes $166 million held outside the United States. In the full year 2015, cash was negatively impacted by significant integration costs associated with the Enterprise acquisition. This includes $51 million of working capital settlement payments to Motorola Solutions associated with the acquisition and $34 million of real estate capital expenditures primarily related to the build out of a leased facility to accommodate our Illinois-based employees. As of year-end, we had $3 billion of long-term debt consisting of $1 billion of senior notes due in 2022 and a$2 billion term loan maturing in 2021. The debt was used to finance the October 2014 Enterprise acquisition and we've been paying it down aggressively. With $165 million in total principal payments in 2015, yearend net debt-to-adjusted EBITDA ratio was approximately 4.7 times. Subsequent to the end of the year, we made an additional $80 million in debt payments. For the full-year 2015, we generated $103 million of cash flow from operations and made capital expenditures of $114 million. In 2016, we expect a significant improvement in free cash flow primarily driven by sales growth and EBITDA expansion, approximately $90 million to $100 million less integration and restructuring costs, at least $75 million improvement in working capital as well as approximately $30 million lower non-integration-related capital expenditures. We also expect to reduce our minimum target operating cash level by approximately $50 million. As a result, we are confident in our ability to reduce debt by at least $300 million this year. Roughly one-quarter of our total company sales are denominated in euros. Given continuing elevated levels of currency fluctuations, we have been evaluating the options to cost effectively mitigate earnings and cash flow volatility associated with foreign exchange rates. As a result of that review in January, we implemented a hedge of approximately 80% of Zebra's net euro cash flow exposure for the entire year effectively locking in $1.09 euro rate. Finally, in light of the external focus over uncertainties on the macroeconomic environment, I'd like to point out that our liquidity levels are solid. We have no near-term debt maturities and an untapped $250 million revolving credit facility with no financial covenants triggered on our long-term debt unless we draw down more than $50 million. Before moving on to our guidance, I want to review our acquisition synergy program on slide nine. As we discussed last quarter, we have a stated goal to achieve $200 million of cost synergies on a run rate basis by the end of 2016. In 2015, we recognized significant synergy benefits and improved our operating leverage from a combination of organizational realignment, real estate consolidations, and other cost reductions. We realized approximately $130 million in cost synergies in 2015. We expect our P&L to benefit from realizing an incremental $50 million in cost synergies during 2016, $30 million of which will improve our gross margin and $20 million to reduce operating expenses. Finally, for 2017, we anticipate realizing an incremental $20 million of gross margin synergy benefits after reaching full run rate benefit as of the end of 2016. We are very pleased with the integration efforts thus far. As we said in the past, given the size and scope of the transaction, the integration of the IT systems is very complex. Modernizing, simplifying and integrating these systems into Zebra's IT network will increase efficiency and meet the demands of our growing business. It will also enable us to conclude our transition service agreements with Motorola Solutions. Consistent with our prior outlook, the rationalization and modernization of Zebra's IT platform and ecosystem will result in a remaining $130 million to $150 million of integration-related costs over the next two years, of which approximately 20% will be in the form of capital expenditures. We expect the vast majority, or roughly 80% of the remaining, total integration cost to be incurred this year. The expense portion of these costs are one-time in nature and will be excluded from our non-GAAP P&L results. These efforts are expected to drive additional operating expense efficiencies and reduce our ongoing capital expenditures once completed. I will now review our 2016 outlook, and in a few minutes, Anders will provide further perspective. Given the quarter to quarter volatility of our business, in addition to the quarterly outlook, we are providing an annual outlook to provide a longer-term view of our business. On slide 11, you will see that for the first quarter we expect net sales excluding purchase accounting adjustments to be flat to down 3% from the comparable net sales of $899 million in the first quarter of 2015. This expectation reflects a range of a negative 1% decline to positive 2% growth on a constant currency basis. First quarter 2016 adjusted EBITDA margin, expect to be in the range of 16% to 17%. Non-GAAP earnings are expected to be in the range of $1.19 to $1.34 per share. Compared to the first quarter 2015, this outlook reflects growth in Asia Pacific and EMEA, offset by a decline in North America. While North America remained strong in the fourth quarter, we did experience some softening in December, as a typical benefit we receive from the year-end budget flush was not as significant as in past years. This softening was driven by a cautious tone around capital spending, resulting in a lower backlog as we entered the first quarter. In addition, we had an exceptionally strong first quarter of last year with North America sales growth of 13% year-over-year, resulting in a challenging comparison for the first quarter of 2016. Our outlook also reflects a lower gross margin as compared to the first quarter of 2015 primarily due to a negative FX impact and changes in product mix. However, the gross margin should be higher than the fourth quarter. Operating expenses are expected to be flat to slightly lower than the prior year period. For the full-year, the company expects net sales excluding purchase accounting adjustments to grow 1% to 4% from the comparable net sales of $3.7 billion for the full-year 2015. This reflects an expectation of year-over-year growth of 2% to 5% on a constant currency basis. Adjusted EBITDA margin is expected to be in the range of 17% to 18% for the full-year 2016 driven primarily by a higher gross margin and improved operating expense leverage compared to 2015. For the full-year 2016, we have also assumed the following shown on slide 12 (sic) [slide 11]. We expect capital expenditures of $70 million to $75 million including $15 million to $20 million related to acquisition and integration; depreciation and amortization expense of $310 million to $315 million; interest expense of $195 million to $200 million including amortization of debt issuance cost of $18 million to $20 million; share-based compensation expense of $33 million to $35 million, and non-GAAP tax rate of approximately 22% to 24%, and cash taxes of approximately $50 million to $60 million. I'll now turn the call back to Anders.
Anders Gustafsson - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you, Mike. As we kick off 2016, we remain focused on extending our leadership within Enterprise Asset Intelligence by executing on our four strategic priorities shown here on slide 12. I am confident that we can continue to deliver profitable growth for the full-year 2016, as we capitalize on secular growth trends and prudently manage our cost structure. This confidence is supported by customers in all verticals, recognizing the importance of technology in achieving their long-term strategic goals. We believe this focus will continue to be critical for customers, whether they are investing for growth or looking to streamline their operations and improve efficiencies. As we drive solutions-based selling, you can leverage our expertise and expand our share in key verticals such as healthcare as investments by customers within this vertical continue to accelerate. The dynamics of the retail industry, our largest vertical historically, are evolving as e-commerce and omni-channel are now top priorities. These initiatives require retailers to meet shoppers' growing expectations and provide product when, where, and how customers want it. This in turn requires further investments in technology to receive accurate and timely data on inventory availability. As e-commerce plays an increasingly more vital role in their businesses, Zebra is a trusted partner helping them with the tools to drive productivity and efficiencies. As a related benefit to the evolution of retail, we are in a position to benefit from the extension of this trend in T&L, as the increased number of packages from retailers to consumers drives the need for additional investments in technology by package delivery companies. We feel very optimistic about the opportunities today and in the future within retail and T&L. We are excited about our healthy pipeline of innovative products and solutions. For example, we launched our new mobile computer, the TC8000, which enables users to be 14% more productive through improved ergonomics and versatile capabilities. In addition, our new cartridge-based tabletop printer, the ZD420, has an ultra-compact design and provides Zebra an annuity revenue stream of aftermarket supplies. These high-margin high-volume products demonstrate our ability to build on well-established staples within our portfolio and reinvent them to meet the changing needs of our customers. Both products contributed to very strong customer engagement and heavy booth traffic at the National Retail Federation tradeshow last month. In 2016, we are also investing in Windows 10 solutions, as legacy Windows Mobile operating systems are expected to go end-of-life by 2020. In our services business, we strengthened the leadership team and made changes that will make us more competitive and support meaningful improvements in 2016. For example, we are starting to benefit from increased attached and renewal rates on our product support plans. As we move forward and maintain our focus on increasing efficiencies, cost reductions and pricing, we expect to drive margin expansion in services. While we continue to invest in R&D to further extend our leadership position, we will also maintain prudent management of our cost structure, as we further improve operating expense leverage. As Mike discussed in detail earlier, we expect to realize $50 million of incremental cost synergies in 2016, the majority of which will positively impact gross margin. Another top priority for us is to improve free cash flow in 2016 and 2017 and delever the balance sheet. Lastly, we will continue to make meaningful progress on our transition to One Zebra as we execute the remaining steps of our integration and leverage the Zebra brand. Our teams are performing extensive IT systems integration work including the start of our ERP system transition next quarter. We have the appropriate expertise and resources to execute well through the 2017 integration timeline. In addition, a key customer facing initiative is the implementation of our new channel partner program. This program is scheduled for a second quarter launch, which will simplify program administration for our partners, align our goals with theirs and ultimately enable growth for Zebra and our partners. And now, I would like to offer an additional perspective on our 2016 sales and EBITDA outlook. For the full year 2016, we are expecting sales growth of 2% to 5% on a constant currency basis. While our annual guidance does assume some continued headwinds from a macro perspective, we are not anticipating a meaningful change in the environment. As we have indicated for the first quarter, we are expecting approximately flat sales year-over-year on a constant currency basis due to lower sales in North America. However, we had a healthy global pipeline in our core markets and consistent expectation of growth from across our reseller network. In North America, we expect growth beginning in the second quarter and through the end of 2016. We expect the strongest growth this year in Asia-Pacific, driven by ongoing momentum in China and India, particularly in retail and T&L. In EMEA, we expect continued solid growth in Germany and the UK, while Russia, Turkey and the Middle East will likely remain soft. Latin America is stabilizing and we could see some modest growth in the region. As a result for the full year, we feel confident in our expectation to continue to grow the business. With expanding margins, managing our overall cost structure and increasing working capital efficiencies, we will generate increased free cash flow and reduce leverage. In conclusion, our business is performing well. We are positioned for long-term success and are reiterating our long-term financial goals as shown on slide 13. We continue to see sales growth of at least 4% to 5% over a cycle, which is faster than the market rate of growth. We also expect to achieve adjusted EBITDA margin of 18% to 20% by the end of 2017 driven by growth, gross margin expansion, and operating margin leverage. This also assumes no material change to this recent global currency exchange environment. Finally, we expect to achieve net debt to adjusted EBITDA of less than three times by the end of 2017. This will be driven by a total of at least $650 million of debt pay-down over 2016 and 2017. And with that, I'll hand the call back to Mike Steele.
Mike Steele - Vice President, Investor Relations: Thanks, Anders. We've reserved the balance of the call for Q&A. We ask that you limit yourself to one question and one follow-up so that we can get to as many of you as possible. Operator, please let our callers know how to ask a question.
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session. At this time, we will pause momentarily to assemble our roster. The first question comes from Richard Eastman of Robert W. Baird. Please go ahead.
Richard Eastman - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Anders, as we look out to 2016 against your constant currency growth forecast of, what, 2% to 5%. Could you just speak to the product lines and where you'd expect that continued growth to come from, from mobile computing, printer, just kind of line them up relative to that LC growth rate? And then I have one follow-up.
Anders Gustafsson - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yes. First, we feel confident about the full year growth expectations that we have. We had a very strong 2015, and we built a lot of momentum across the business there. Our portfolio did very well in 2015. We gained share in most of our product lines globally. Three of our four regions had solid growth. We launched some new products in the beginning of 2016 that we are very excited about. The TC8000 is a great example of new  one of our highest running products that we reinvented in a new fashion. We got great feedback on that product at the NRF and since. We also launched a new tabletop printer. That's the highest volume of our printer portfolio, which has also a cartridge-based model, so you can make it very easy for customers to load ribbons and that drives an annuity-based revenue stream for us. And as the year goes on, we have a number of other attractive new product releases. But our pipeline is very healthy. We have a very detailed approach to build up the pipeline. It's both based on individual customer accounts but also looking at product and so far we feel that we have a very solid outlook for the year.
Richard Eastman - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Okay. And then just one last question as a follow-up. There has been a number of additions here to the marketing team, to the global marketing team. And all of which are right in front of the channel program adjustments that you are going to put in place in the second quarter. Could you just, kind of, walk through the structure there? And maybe what the additions are intended to accomplish?
Anders Gustafsson - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yes. We announced, I think it was early this week, right, that Jeff Schmitz would become our new Senior Vice President and Chief Marketing Officer. So he will lead the overall marketing organization. So he joined us on Monday officially. He also visited with us at one of our sales kickoff meetings to get a good view of what the entire business looks like. We are very excited to have Jeff on board. We think he will be a great addition to our team. Under Jeff he has a number of different functions. One of those is a channel operations team. So that channel operations team is the one that really own, developing the channel program and make sure we work with the regions to launch it effectively into each of the regions. So Jeff has the team that owns the development and implementation of the new channel program, but clearly they also work very closely with the regional sales teams to make sure that the region is ready to engage with the partners and be off to a good start.
Richard Eastman - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Okay. Thank you very much.
Anders Gustafsson - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yes.
Operator: The next question comes from Saliq Khan of Imperial Capital. Please go ahead.
Saliq Jamil Khan - Imperial Capital LLC: Thank you, all. Hi, Anders. Hi, Mike.
Anders Gustafsson - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Hey.
Michael C. Smiley - Chief Financial Officer: Hey.
Saliq Jamil Khan - Imperial Capital LLC: Hi, guys. As I take a look at the overall product portfolio and the changes that you've made to it, you certainly brought a lot of sleekness and changed the ergonomics to altogether bring about a lot more ease to the end customer. However, if I take a look at what your competitors are doing and I take a look at your product portfolio, are you merely trying to keep up with them or are you trying to find a way to go ahead and become a lot more competitive, take customers away from them and increase theoretically your market share?
Anders Gustafsson - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, so if you look at our performance in 2015, we gained market share in most of our large product lines. We believe that we have a more competitive product lineup. We take great pride of the strength of our products and the innovation of our products. As we look into 2016, there is a lot of new, very attractive, you can say, extensions of existing products, but also some new product concepts that we are very excited about. So we are very dependent on having a vibrant product portfolio in order to demonstrate value to our customers and we feel that the portfolio we have should enable us to continue to gain market share and extend our leadership position in the industry.
Saliq Jamil Khan - Imperial Capital LLC: As my follow-up, what you just noted is including with the fact that the business operations, the integration and the rebranding initiatives that you've been working on throughout 2015 and it was very evident at the NRF conference as well, how does this improve your overall sales cycle and how does it help you go ahead and have a more deeper and more of an integrated conversation with your end customer?
Anders Gustafsson - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yes, I'll start and then I'll let Joe Heel also add to this. So I'd say when we talk to our customers, we hear two themes quite regularly: one, they feel that the combined business, the combined Zebra and Enterprise business is more strategic to our customers. They see that the lineup we have now, the capability and competencies we have now and the vision we have make us a more strategic partner to them and they tend to invite us in to be part of their more long-ranging plans to make sure that we can develop the right solutions for their needs. The other thing they have been saying goes more to your point about rebranding that from their perspective the integration has been quite seamless. They haven't seen a lot of challenges from the integrational missteps in the integration. They feel that we have actually been handling this quite well. So both of those things, I think, are making us a much stronger partner with our customers and have access to more of their longer-term thinking. And, maybe, Joe, you have some more thoughts.
Joachim Heel - Senior Vice President-Global Sales: Yes. From a sales perspective, we see the benefits in many areas, but three that I would perhaps call out: the first is the confidence that the new brand and the new presence gives our customers is really essential to driving changes like our largest single opportunity around operating system migration. That's what customers need. They need that confidence to interact with us and we're projecting that now and we're seeing that with our customers. They have that confidence, as Anders was saying, to elect us to be a strategic partner for them. The second is that the customers are feeling the Better Together that we're bringing to them. The fact that we can bring the full portfolio of our capabilities to them, Anders was mentioning one of our large package goods customers that elected to go with us for precisely that reason and we're seeing more-and-more of those opportunities. And the third one, and I am particularly excited about this, is our ability to bring solutions to the market, and customers are really believing that and seeing that now in some of the things that we're doing where we're solving their business problems and they have confidence that we can do that.
Saliq Jamil Khan - Imperial Capital LLC: Thank you, guys. I look forward to speaking with you later on.
Anders Gustafsson - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Jason Rodgers of Great Lakes Review. Please go ahead.
Jason A. Rodgers - Great Lakes Review: Good morning.
Anders Gustafsson - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning.
Michael C. Smiley - Chief Financial Officer: Good morning.
Jason A. Rodgers - Great Lakes Review: Wondered if you could talk a little bit more about the ERP consolidation, if that's going as anticipated and if you expect to remain on track as far as ?
Anders Gustafsson - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yes. The ERP integration is going as per plan. We feel it is going well. We have a strong team of people who've been working on this for quite some time now and we have a robust product plan or project plan with lots and lots of detail behind it. So we track it on kind of hourly basis or daily basis as far as what progress and what deliverables we have. We are looking to implement the first phase of the ERP conversion in Q2 in Asia and then go live with the full global entity middle of 2017, so we get a chance to road test it and then add some additional functionality for the full-year roll out. So we get great benefits from this. We get a much more rationalized modern IT platform. What we've had so far has been a lot of disparate IT systems, which drives a lot of inefficiencies. So if you have to enter data on two systems or sometimes three systems and they don't transfer data between them very well, so this provides a much more robust and streamlined IT platform for us and that will drive also great cost benefits as we go into the future.
Jason A. Rodgers - Great Lakes Review: And the follow-up, did any large mobile computing deals have an impact on the fourth quarter and what is the expectation for Q1?
Anders Gustafsson - Chief Executive Officer & Director: So every quarter we have large deals. It would be bad if we didn't have large deals every quarter. So we had large deals in fourth quarter. I wouldn't say that they were different from any other quarter particularly.
Michael C. Smiley - Chief Financial Officer: Yes, this is Mike Smiley. I think one thing is actually our fourth quarter results are very comparable to the third quarter, excluding FX. So it was really in line with our guidance. The euro was basically Q3 about $1.11 versus $1.09 in the fourth quarter. Our service business had margin improvements offset by some of the large deals that Anders talked about and our legacy Zebra printing margins were flat sequentially. So, generally, the fourth quarter margins were really what we expected.
Jason A. Rodgers - Great Lakes Review: Okay.
Operator: Mr. Rodgers, do you have anything else?
Jason A. Rodgers - Great Lakes Review: No. I'm just following up with that. So Q1 there is no major mobile deals out there that are larger than normal that might impact margins?
Anders Gustafsson - Chief Executive Officer & Director: No. I think the outlook for Q1 is also for normal rate or normal volume of larger projects. There is nothing that sticks out that's particularly bigger than normal. But we have a good pipeline for large deals for the full year.
Jason A. Rodgers - Great Lakes Review: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from James Faucette of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
James E. Faucette - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thank you very much. Just a couple of questions for me. First, the strength in Motorola, I think, you've kind of mentioned this, but I wanted to make sure, is that from new products and are we expected to gain steam as we head into 2016? And then talking about specific geographies, obviously, we had a big pickup in results this quarter with a bit of a downtick in North America. And you kind of spoke to some of the dynamics there, but I'm wondering how much of that may be attributable to a couple of big customers or is there something I guess more broad-based and widespread? Thanks.
Anders Gustafsson - Chief Executive Officer & Director: So the first question was around the strength of the Enterprise business and the second about the softness at the end of Q4. Is that right?
James E. Faucette - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Yes. That's right. Yes.
Anders Gustafsson - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yes. So the strength of the Enterprise business, I think, is it's multifaceted. We have worked hard on making sure we have a very competitive product lineup. Android has been a strong growth driver for us so far. We have by far the broadest portfolio of Android products of anybody in the industry and our win rate in Android is very high, higher than the overall win rate, say, it is for us across all operating systems. But I'd say it is more than product. I think the integration, the combination of our two companies have helped both sides. I think the Better Together story is very much resonating with customers. We have seen many examples where we mentioned one in the script here where printing led the way and got into new account first, but then we were able to pull in mobile computing afterwards. But we have many examples of where we've done the other way. So part of the growth is the Better Together and I'd say also we have executed well. We have improved on our services performance, which was a bit of a drag before and I would say the culture of the combined company is good. I don't hear much talk about say us versus them and things like that. It's very much we're all in this to try to make the company as successful as we can. I'll let Joe expand a little bit also.
Joachim Heel - Senior Vice President-Global Sales: Well, I might support what Anders is saying in terms of the strength of the Enterprise business with two specific points: one, I already touched earlier on the subject of the OS migration, which is really where we have a leadership position and where we've been successful in 2015 and we see that continuing here in the first quarter as we are driving that migration from legacy Windows operating systems to Android and to a certain extent also on to Windows; and the second one, as we saw really a broad strength in our scanning business as well. Our scanning business as you probably know is undergoing a transition in technology from 1D to 2D, and we've assumed a leadership position in that transition as well. And what's fundamental about that is that the Android transition is largely driven by large deals, whereas the scanning transition is also broad-based in the channel. So we're really seeing that strength on the Enterprise business in two dimensions.
Anders Gustafsson - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yes, maybe just to expand one more point on this. I think most of these comments were kind of North America centric, but if you look at the Enterprise business performance in 2015, the international markets were very strong. Asia was particularly strong and we had several large wins for mobile computing in Europe. So this is very much a diversified business like Zebra's legacy business where we have a broad portfolio of products, selling to a diversified set of vertical markets and geographically also very diversified.
Joachim Heel - Senior Vice President-Global Sales: That scanning growth I was talking about.
Anders Gustafsson - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yes.
Joachim Heel - Senior Vice President-Global Sales: Our biggest contribution came from China, for example.
Anders Gustafsson - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yes.
Joachim Heel - Senior Vice President-Global Sales: So it is broad-based.
Anders Gustafsson - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Broad-based, yes.
James E. Faucette - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: And then as far as looking at North America and any weakness there, was that related to specific customers or was that more broad-based?
Anders Gustafsson - Chief Executive Officer & Director: It was more broad-based. We talk about, say, budget flush that tends to be from many customers. Yes, there was more of, I think, a general cautiousness among our customers and they were I suspect looking at what was going on with their share prices and wondering what that was meaning for 2016 and being a little bit more cautious on capital spend. But it wasn't anything specific to any one customer or any large customer.
James E. Faucette - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: And have you seen that persist early in the year?
Anders Gustafsson - Chief Executive Officer & Director: I think the start of January is always a bit weak, and I think it was commensurate with normal seasonality. As we look at the guidance we gave for the full year also, we expect basically normal seasonal increases quarter-over-quarter for the year. So we aren't assuming that there will be some form of heroic recovery. This is just based on looking at the last five to seven years of how much of our revenues come in Q1 versus Q2, Q3, Q4 and looking at how that should play out.
James E. Faucette - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thanks.
Operator: The next question comes from Keith Housum of Northcoast Research. Please go ahead.
Keith Housum - Northcoast Research Partners LLC: Good morning, gentlemen. Guys, I was hoping to spend a little bit of time talking about the supplies and services. As I look at, perhaps, what we're expecting what you guys have done in quarters past, it looks like both of those have lagged a little bit here in the fourth quarter. What's your expectations for, I guess, your thoughts going into FY 2016?
Anders Gustafsson - Chief Executive Officer & Director: So services is an area that we have spent a lot of effort to strengthen. We believe services should be a good growth driver for the business. We brought in some extra leadership, some new leadership in the business to augment the team we had and so we could have more focus on both driving the sales side but also driving the operational side. We made I think great improvements in our execution. The customer-facing performance of break, fix, repair, return statistics are much better than they were when we first assumed the business. We've reduced the cost basis for most of these services and we've seen an increase in attach rates for new services. So we feel quite good about where we are and we feel confident that we should see good growth in 2016 from services. And I'd like Joe to add on that too.
Joachim Heel - Senior Vice President-Global Sales: Yeah. From a sales perspective, of course you know that services is one of those that benefits from bookings that then deliver revenues over a longer period of time. And so what we've been very focused on and I think successful with in 2015 is on the support side increasing our attach and renewal rates, those will deliver increasing revenues this year. On the managed and professional services, increasing our bookings and we actually had an exceptional year in terms of increasing our bookings last year in managed and professional services, that continues here in Q1. And we've also been focused on migrating our managed and professional services to more higher value types of managed and professional services, ones where we have some unusual IP or unusual value added and that's been the focus of that, which will help us with the margins that we can deliver from those services in addition to the cost reductions that we're taking. I also wanted to make sure I heard you talk about services and supplies. Did I hear that correctly?
Keith Housum - Northcoast Research Partners LLC: Yeah, absolutely. Supplies were down 8% in the quarter year-over-year?
Anders Gustafsson - Chief Executive Officer & Director: So I think supplies now, for the year supplies was up, I think it was 8% in constant currency. In Q4, I don't know, I don't have that data off the top of my head here, but constant currency was a lot better, so supplies is more  has a higher proportion of supplies in Europe than we have for our normal products. So Europe is a very large part of our overall supplies business. Let me see if I can find the number here.
Keith Housum - Northcoast Research Partners LLC: I can follow-up that offline.
Anders Gustafsson - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yes, we can follow-up offline.
Joachim Heel - Senior Vice President-Global Sales: Yes, I didn't want to lump that in with services.
Anders Gustafsson - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yes.
Keith Housum - Northcoast Research Partners LLC: Yeah.
Anders Gustafsson - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, supplies....
Keith Housum - Northcoast Research Partners LLC: Yeah, I'll follow-up offline, that's fine.
Michael C. Smiley - Chief Financial Officer: Supplies for the full-year by the way was up 1.2%...
Joachim Heel - Senior Vice President-Global Sales: In nominal.
Michael C. Smiley - Chief Financial Officer: ....nominal currency. Now by the way I would also argue that in  we have been seeing very strong growth in supplies. I think that in 2015 we recognize the benefit of wristband products that I think makes the 2015 to 2014 comp a little bit more difficult.
Anders Gustafsson - Chief Executive Officer & Director: And profitability of supplies has gone up because we have in-sourced some more of our wristband manufacturing, so that we have seen a great improvement in margins.
Keith Housum - Northcoast Research Partners LLC: Thank you. If I can just follow-up, I guess, on the previous question regarding some of the cautious commentary as you exited fourth quarter. As you look at the demand going into FY 2016, your expectations, I guess, that you're hearing from the customers regarding your large project, is there a hesitancy of people moving forward, or are anybody talking about deferring projects out in response to the macro demand?
Anders Gustafsson - Chief Executive Officer & Director: So, at the high level, I'd say, we aren't expecting any material changes to the macro environment, to how our customers kind of behave. We get very good feedback, very encouraging feedback from our reseller communities. They certainly believe that 2016 should be a good year with good growth. I think the issues we saw in the end of Q4, beginning of Q1 were more isolated and we believe temporary in that it was more, I think, driven by people looking at the stock market and getting cautious about what that meant for the business and didn't want to lean in to the same extent, so budgets gets pushed out a bit. It takes a little longer for companies to hand out the operating budgets to  but once that happens, things go back to more normal we believe. And we have seen from end of last year some deals got pushed from Q4 into all of 2016. And some customers may have looked at some larger deals and instead of giving us one PO, they gave us one PO for P1 (sic) [Q1] and Q2 and so forth. But you should remember also that our value proposition is one that really works in good times and bad times. In good times, our customers are working with us to expand into new retail stores, new factories. In tougher times, they use our equipments to trade OpEx for CapEx. We have very short and well defined return on investment calculations. So, normally, our products are proven to have an ROI of less than, let's say, one year to upwards of maybe two years. And even in tougher times, companies tend to be comfortable with those types of paybacks.
Joachim Heel - Senior Vice President-Global Sales: And one other thing that  or maybe two other things that give us a perspective on this cautiousness that we may have seen at the end of Q4 is number one, our pipelines for Q2 and the rest of the year are very strong. So that gives us a lot of good confidence. And also as we speak with our reseller partners, they reflect a lot of confidence to us in terms of the growth prospects that they see for the year. So that puts in perspective I think what we have seen.
Keith Housum - Northcoast Research Partners LLC: Great. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Josh Berman of William Blair. Please go ahead.
Josh Berman - William Blair & Co. LLC: Hi. Good morning.
Joachim Heel - Senior Vice President-Global Sales: Good morning.
Anders Gustafsson - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning.
Josh Berman - William Blair & Co. LLC: Just two quick ones, one, I know you gave some of the components that go into free cash flow, but I was wondering if there's a certain dollar amount you're targeting for 2016?
Michael C. Smiley - Chief Financial Officer: You know, I think what we  again our goal is to pay down $300 million of debt. We're confident in our ability to do that. Again, we expect some improvement from our EBITDA margin expansion and just regular business growth. We also know that we have improvements in our working capital, which should drive at least $75 million of additional cash flow from what we had last year. We will have $90 million to $100 million less integration spend from 2015. We also have our CapEx that's not related to integration down by about $30 million. I think Anders mentioned the fact that we had some Illinois  some spending in Illinois to bring the facilities together for the two companies. We also expect to reduce our cash levels by about $50 million. So when you put it all together, we're very confident in reducing our debt by $300 million in 2016 and $350 million in 2017, again, to get our leverage below 3 times debt-to-EBITDA.
Josh Berman - William Blair & Co. LLC: All right. And then switching topics, I was wondering if you could dive a little bit more into the Windows 10 opportunity? Maybe how big is that, especially relative to the Android transition?
Anders Gustafsson - Chief Executive Officer & Director: So, first, there are no Windows 10 mobile products on the market at the moment. But I'll put it in context, maybe of what's more going on from an OS migration perspective. So, today, let's say, virtually all our customers, certainly most our customers are well aware of the need to migrate to newer, more modern operating systems. Android has been the primary beneficiary of this so far. And we were early investing in Android and so that is a great opportunity for us. Microsoft is planning on coming out with Windows 10 later on this year, and there will be some customers who believe  that are very loyal to Microsoft and would like us to have Microsoft 10. We have some Microsoft 8 products today, but which we will upgrade to 10 and then come up with some more products later on in the year, and we want to be basically operating system agnostic when we talk to our customers. We don't want them to feel that we are only supporting one operating system. We want to be able to go in and have a conversation with them about their unique situations and be able to offer the right type of solutions for them. Maybe, Joe, you have some?
Joachim Heel - Senior Vice President-Global Sales: Well, what I would say is, first, we should recognize that still the majority of our revenues today come from Windows-based operating systems. And the transition to Android is happening very fast as Windows 10 Mobile, right, the mobile version of Windows 10 haven't been released for a very long time. With that now happening, we do see some customers, and it's very specific to the needs of individual customers. Logistics is a vertical where we see a bit more of it than others express the need and a desire in fact to be on a Windows 10 Mobile platform. And as such, we're developing those devices, and we'll see that they'll occupy a significant portion of the market.
Josh Berman - William Blair & Co. LLC: Great. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Paul Coster of JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Anders Gustafsson - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Hey, Paul.
Paul J. Chung - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi. This is Paul Chung on for Paul Coster. Thanks for taking my question. So a question on the core printing business. It's grown nicely really ever since 4Q 2013. You mentioned upgrade cycles have been a strong contributor. How much of that growth has been from existing customers, how much from market share gains from new business? And, finally, can you confirm how cross-selling initiatives with the Enterprise business have been going? Has it been a material contributor? Thanks.
Anders Gustafsson - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. I think the strength of the printing business is really driven, I think, by a number of different factors. Ultimately, I'd say, bring us back to  I think we've just executed well on our overall printing strategy over many years. So we've gained a lot of shares. So there's upgrades or refresh cycles, but we also gained a lot of share. I think according to VDC, we've gained about 1% of market share per year for the last several years. And I would attribute that to us having a very compelling and competitive product lineup. Some of the new things we talked about like Link-OS is one that unifies the look and feel and the user interfaces and how you interact with the printer across our entire portfolio. Something that's very difficult to replicate for smaller suppliers. I think the way we engage with the channel also gives us some benefits with the scale that we have there and how we can provide very compelling value propositions to our channels and our end users. So I'd say it's not really one thing that's driving the strength in the printing business. It's really a number of different things. Joe might have some more comments?
Joachim Heel - Senior Vice President-Global Sales: Yeah. I'd say, we have seen a market share expansion in the printing business and I would attribute at least a part of that, a significant part of that to the Better Together, to the ability to operate and cross-sell between them. I'll give you a generic example of that. The strongest vertical for the Enterprise business was and is retail, right, in which we have mobile computers and scanners, which we deploy and there are applications such as when you change the pricing at the retail level where you would like to not only scan and understand the pricing on a item in the store as it is, but change the label immediately. This plays right into our technology of mobile printing which goes very well with that scanning capability that we already have on the retail floor. So we've seen an expansion of solutions like this where we're able to put the two technologies together to a solution to solve a problem like price markdowns and changes.
Paul J. Chung - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great. Thanks.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Mike Steele for closing remarks.
Mike Steele - Vice President, Investor Relations: Thank you all for your questions. Have a great day.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-11-10 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Dean Lindroth - VP-Finance & Investor Relations Contact Anders Gustafsson - Chief Executive Officer & Director Michael C. Smiley - Chief Financial Officer Joachim Heel - Senior Vice President-Global Sales
Analysts: Keith M. Housum - Northcoast Research Partners LLC Holden Lewis - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. (Broker) Andrew C. Spinola - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Brian P. Drab - William Blair & Co. LLC James E. Faucette - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Paul J. Chung - JPMorgan Securities LLC Matthew Gall - Barrington Research Associates, Inc. Jason A. Rodgers - Great Lakes Review
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to Zebra Technologies Third Quarter 2015 Earnings Release Conference Call. Joining us from Zebra Technologies are, Anders Gustafsson, Chief Executive Officer; Mike Smiley, Chief Financial Officer; Joe Heel, Senior Vice President, Global Sales; and Dean Lindroth, Vice President, Finance. All lines will be in a listen-only mode until after today's presentation. Instructions will be given at that time in order to ask a question. At the request of Zebra Technologies, this conference call is being recorded. Should anyone have any objections, please disconnect at this time. At this time, I would like to introduce Mr. Dean Lindroth of Zebra Technologies. Sir, you may begin.
Dean Lindroth - VP-Finance & Investor Relations Contact: Thank you, and good morning, for joining us today. Today's call will include prepared remarks from Anders Gustafsson and Mike Smiley. Joe Heel will join us for the Q&A portion of the call. A replay of this call will be available on our website approximately two hours after the conclusion of the call. Certain statements made on this call will relate to future events or circumstances and therefore, will be forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as expect, believe, anticipate and outlook are a few examples of words identifying a forward-looking statement. Forward-looking information is subject to various risks and uncertainties, which could significantly affect expected results. Information about risk factors that could impact our results is noted in the press release we issued this morning and is also described in Zebra's latest 10-K, which is on file with the SEC. Finally, we will make references today to both GAAP and non-GAAP measures. You can find reconciliations of our GAAP to non-GAAP results in today's press release. In addition, year-over-year sales growth references for Enterprise and total Zebra will be on an estimated historical basis. Now, I'll turn over the call to Anders.
Anders Gustafsson - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you, Dean, and good morning, everyone. We recently celebrated the one year anniversary of Zebra's acquisition of Motorola Solutions' Enterprise business. I have long believed that these two businesses would be better together and today, I'm more convinced than ever. Before I discuss our results for the third quarter, I would like to review the strategic priorities that we set last year and our progress to date. These priorities are the foundation for Zebra's transformation and delivery of our value proposition. Our priorities include; first, growing the business particularly in Enterprise through renewed focus, leveraging complementary strength, capitalizing on cross-selling opportunities and increasing our strategic importance to customers; second, expanding our market opportunity by creating solutions to enable Enterprise Asset Intelligence; third, improving execution, particularly in the channel, service delivery and customer experiences; fourth, realizing cost synergies; and finally, differentiating ourselves with our leadership in technology, channel relationships, partner ecosystem and brand. Executing on these priorities will enable us to capitalize on the opportunities being created by the secular trends in mobility, the cloud, and the Internet of Things. The proliferation of the connected devices, the explosion in mobile apps and e-commerce as well as the expanding mobile workforce are all generating exciting growth opportunities for Zebra and our partners. Other key growth drivers are technology advances including the operating system migration in mobile computing and the data capture transition from 1D scanning to 2D imaging. One year into the merger, I'm very pleased with our progress. We have returned to Enterprise to growth with sales through September, up 6% year-over-year in constant currency. Part of this achievement is the result of increasing our win rate against consumer devices in retail to nearly 80%, compared to 50% last year. Win rates in transportation and logistics and manufacturing are also higher. This was accomplished with an expanded portfolio of differentiated enterprise grade devices that deliver a superior value proposition in our target market segments and use cases. We have improved Enterprise execution in the channel, particularly in China where we have begun to regain ground and have increased sales year-to-date by 60%, compared to last year. With an early investment in Android, we have demonstrated a high level of success in the operating system of migration in mobile computing by growing Android sales through September by 170%, compared to last year. In the original Zebra business, we have grown sales year-to-date by 12% in constant currency, with double-digit increases in printing, supplies and location solutions. Finally, our growth is also attributable to a stronger, more recognizable Zebra brand, and an unrivalled partner network. With these achievements, we have delivered a nine-month adjusted EBITDA margin of 16.3%. On a constant currency basis, this is nearly 20%, compared to a 2013 pre-merger estimate of 15.6%. We have more work to do in areas that include launching our new channel program, growing services, expanding gross margin and cross-selling. That said, our results underscore the potential of the strategies we are pursuing and the value of bringing together Zebra and the Enterprise business. They also demonstrate that we have accelerated Zebra's transformation into a globally diversified industry leader that is well positioned for the opportunities ahead and to achieve our long-term financial targets. And now turning to our results for the third quarter. Sales were $919 million, excluding purchase accounting adjustments. In constant currency, this represents 6% year-over-year growth, including Enterprise growth of 5% and pre-transaction Zebra growth of 8%. Non-GAAP earnings per share were $1.39, up 71% from a year ago. From a sales perspective, we continue to grow in our three largest regions. Year-over-year growth in the quarter was 8% in North America, 3% in constant currency in EMEA, and 23% in Asia-Pacific. Demand remains strongest in retail and transportation and logistics. Momentum in healthcare also continues to grow. Top growth drivers, again, included e-commerce, mobility, the OS transition and the continuing refresh cycle in printing. In North America, mobile computing sales reflected strong demand for our Android product line, particularly in retail. From a new order perspective, wins in retail and manufacturing included several mid-to-small sized accounts, which came through the channel. In data capture, growth was particularly strong in our OEM vertical, and we continue to see increasing momentum in the transition to 2D imaging. Printing growth was led by increases in sales of tabletop and desktop product lines. In EMEA, as we anticipated, growth in constant currency moderated from first half levels. This included a more typical summer slowdown in Europe in contrast to the unusually strong summer last year. Momentum in mobile computing remained solid in Europe, particularly in the UK and Germany, where orders included new wins in manufacturing, retail, and government. Sales in Africa and the Middle East slowed due to the low price of oil impacting industrial customers. Sales in Russia and Turkey declined due to current geopolitical challenges. With respect to the April price increase in  on euro-priced products, demand does not appear to have been negatively impacted. In the third quarter, the price increase gained traction, particularly in printing. Compared to the third quarter, we expect a sequentially higher benefit in the fourth quarter resulting in an annualized benefit of $25 million to $30 million. In Asia-Pacific, we continued to see solid growth across the region, particularly China, India, and Southeast Asia. While manufacturing remains challenged, retail upgrades and e-commerce are driving strong growth in both mobile computing and scanning. Solid printer growth, particularly in desktop continued in transportation and logistics and healthcare. Aftermarket sales were also up significantly as a result of our ongoing effort to address an underserved market. Sales in Latin America  in the Latin America region declined 16% as a result of a difficult macroeconomic environment. Currency devaluations and the decline in purchasing power have led to postponement or cancellation of opportunities across the region. To position ourselves for a return to growth when the regional economies improve, we are using this opportunity to strengthen our go-to-market strategies. One of the contributors to our sales growth this year is the operating system migration in mobile computing. We believe that there are approximately 15 million units in the field with legacy operating systems. We expect that the majority will be replaced by the end of 2020 with devices featuring a modern operating system. Typically, with technology transitions, the largest customers lead the way, winning this early adopters is critical to establishing a beachhead and paving the path for future growth and profitability. These large accounts are strategic, profitable and drive significant levels of business. Some due to their scale yield a lower than average initial gross margin. Over time, margins in these accounts improve as we reduce product cost and cross-sell other higher-margin products and services. Most importantly, these accounts provide key reference points in the marketplace, which are necessary for broad-based technology acceptance. This in turn, expands partner support and fosters adoption by mid-sized and run rate channel customers, which generally yield a higher than average margin. In our mature Windows device business, for example, our highest margins come from mid-sized deals and run rate business, which represents over 80% of Windows-based sales. Currently in Android, large customers are leading the OS transition. Sales from mid-sized customers and run rate business represents only 40% of Android sales. As we grow our Android business and shift the sales mix toward the Windows sales mix we expect the gross margin across our Android portfolio to improve. Other margin improvement plans include product redesign and supplier cost reductions. In addition, our synergy program will have a more meaningful impact on product costs next year, including further reductions in material, freight, and overhead costs. I'm pleased with our results in the quarter and year-to-date. We are executing on our strategies and capitalizing on the opportunities in the marketplace. We remain confident that we will achieve further success through consistent execution and satisfying our partners and customers with technology to enable this smart connected enterprise. I will now turn the call over to Mike to provide more details on our financial results, and the outlook for the fourth quarter.
Michael C. Smiley - Chief Financial Officer: Thank you, Anders. Total GAAP sales for the company were $916 million, Enterprise sales, which exclude the impact of purchase accounting, were $605 million, up 5% on a constant currency basis, primarily due to strong growth in mobile computing and data capture products. Sales of wireless LAN and services declined from a year ago. Pre-transaction Zebra sales were up $314 million, up 8% in constant currency with solid growth in printing, supplies, and location solutions. GAAP margins for the quarter were 45.2%. Excluding the impact of purchase accounting, gross margin was 45.5%, up slightly from our adjusted second quarter gross margin of 45.3%, and consistent with our guidance. Enterprise gross margin was 42.5% compared to the second quarter adjusted margin of 42.8%. Sequentially, margins reflected product costs, and warranty expense reductions, some of which were one-time in nature, and our European price increase. This was offset by increased excess and obsolescence reserves on various product and service parts inventory, primarily also one-time in nature. Pre-transaction Zebra gross margin was 51.2%, compared to 50% in the third quarter of last year. Compared to a year ago, the impact of currency has been offset by lower product costs in hardware and supplies, the price increase in Europe, and the benefits of our hedging program. Margins were also up sequentially due to higher pricing in Europe and lower product costs. Operating expenses for sales and marketing, R&D and G&A were $288 million, including approximately $8 million of stock-based compensation expense. Expenses declined from the second quarter due to the timing of expenses from market development programs, and non-integration-related IT projects. G&A costs declined due to lower than anticipated employee-related benefits costs. Other operating expenses included acquisition and integration, and exit, restructuring costs of $43 million, and amortization of intangible assets of $58 million. In the quarter, the net loss per share on a GAAP basis was $0.57. Non-GAAP earnings per share were $1.39 compared to $0.81 in the third quarter of last year. Adjusted EBITDA was $159 million, or 17.3% of sales, up from 14.7% in the second quarter. Turning now to cash. Free cash flow in the quarter was $58 million and we ended the quarter with $258 million in cash. This includes $170 million outside the U.S. Subsequent to the end of the quarter, we made $65 million in scheduled interest payments and a $20 million principal payment in our term loan. This brings the total principal payments this year to $150 million. Our current net-debt-to-adjusted EBITDA ratio is 4.8 times. Through nine months, cash flow has been impacted by significant expenditures associated with the Enterprise transaction. This includes non-recurring expenditures of $51 million in working capital settlement payments to Motorola Solutions, and $32 million in real estate expenditures, primarily related to the building out of a leased facility to accommodate our Illinois-based employees. With these expenditures behind us, growth in the business and working capital management, we expect a significant increase in cash flow generation next year. With this improvement, we anticipate additional debt reduction next year of $300 million or more. Before moving onto guidance, I want to provide an update on our synergy program and overall cost structure. We targeted a synergy opportunity of $150 million associated with the integration of the two businesses with the ultimate objective of achieving an adjusted EBITDA margin of 18% to 20% by the end of 2017. We have pursued this synergy opportunity while we restructure and staff the organization and grow the business. Compared to the pre-merger 2013 baseline we established, we'll realize this year approximately, $120 million of operating expense synergy benefit from actions implemented in 2014 and 2015 and costs not transferred from Motorola Solutions. This includes $60 million in sales and marketing and $25 million in engineering, primarily a result of staff reduction. We'll also incur this year, approximately $30 million of incremental operating expenses, associated with the transaction. These include resource and efficiencies of operating in two separate IT systems, filling critical positions not transferred from MSI that are necessary to support the business and support and advisory costs, particularly in finance. Finally, the business continues to grow, requiring the appropriate level of reinvestment as well as compensation related cost increases such as merit and incentive pay totaling $60 million, compared to the baseline in 2013. In aggregate, we expect an absolute reduction operating expenses this year of approximately $30 million or 3%, compared to 2013 levels. Constant currency sales growth over the same period is approximately 10%. Measured as a percent of sales operating expenses will decline this year to 32%, compared to a currency-adjusted 36% in our baseline year, a 400 basis point improvement in our cost structure. Finally, on a run rate basis, the operating expense synergies I've mentioned combined with $50 million of targeted cost of goods sold reductions, resulted in approximately $200 million of total gross run rate synergy benefits by the end of next year, compared to our goal of $150 million. Looking ahead with some potential or further operating cost savings prior to completing our IT integration, balanced with investment to grow the business we plan to tightly manage net growth in our operating expenses. This is expected to result in further operating expense leverage in the range of 200 basis points to 250 basis points over the next two years. With respect to our fourth quarter outlook, our guidance reflects the recent further reduction in the U.S. dollar against the euro. We expect continued growth in the business resulting in sales of $945 million to $975 million. This represents year-over-year growth of 3.6% to 6.9% on a constant currency basis. Non-GAAP earnings per share are expected to be in the range of $1.38 to $1.63 and adjusted EBITDA in the range of $155 million to $170 million. We expect gross margin in the range of 44.5% to 45.5%  44.5%. On a sequential basis, we anticipate increased benefits from European price increase and cost reduction offset by the impact of a large mobile computing deal. Operating expenses for sales, marketing, R&D and G&A are expected to be in the range of $293 million to $298 million including stock-based compensation expense of $8 million. The increase in the third quarter is primarily related to typically higher fourth-quarter expenses from marketing programs, sales commissions, and employee benefit costs. IT cost will also be higher as we begin to implement and support parallel business applications in preparation for certain TSA exits. We expect interest expense of $48 million to $50 million, and a non-GAAP tax rate in the range of 22% to 24%. Compared to the third quarter currency environment, the impact of the recent strengthening of the U.S. dollar against the euro has reduced the high and low end of these ranges by approximately $6 million on sales and $5 million on adjusted EBITDA, 30 basis points on gross margin percentage and $0.05 per share on non-GAAP EPS. I will now turn the time back to Anders.
Anders Gustafsson - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you, Mike. In addition to satisfying customers, introducing new products, and pursuing new opportunities, we have been hard at work integrating the company. Since the closing in October of last year, the integration program has progressed well with accomplishments in organizational design, and culture development, real estate consolidation, implementation of tools for our sales team, engineering system migrations, and a global brand to transition. This works includes the elimination of over 250 Enterprise IT applications, closure of over 200 Motorola transition service agreement items and exits of over 20 real-estate sites. The team has accomplished a lot in the past year, but we have more to do. Future integration efforts will primarily focus on implementing  on the implementation of the IT infrastructure and business systems and enable us to conclude all remaining support services from Motorola Solutions. In doing so, we will modernize and right-size our business processes and ecosystem by transitioning Enterprise on to new or upgraded Zebra systems. The result will be a more efficient and cost effective IT architecture and ecosystem of applications, lower operating costs, and lower ongoing capital expenditure requirements. Further progress in our efforts will be marked by several milestones next year. In the first quarter, we will complete several additional engineering system consolidations, the phased implementation of the systems for our services business, and our integrated ERP will start in the second quarter. Systems supporting our new channel program, will also begin to rollout in the second quarter. In the third quarter, we will launch our distribution center consolidation initiative with the outsourcing of our North America printing operation to a third party logistics provider. We expect to complete the systems migration and be entirely off Motorola supported IT systems before the end of 2017. The remaining costs to complete the overall integration program, including capital expenditures are expected to be approximately $180 million to $200 million through 2017. Looking ahead, our strategies remain anchored in capturing growth, improving execution, and differentiating ourselves. Our top-line results demonstrate that customers are increasingly turning to our technology to gain a competitive advantage, reduce costs, and improve productivity in an expanding array of applications, including e-commerce, omni-channel, workforce mobility, and workflow, and delivery of real-time actionable data. Solid execution is improving customer experiences, and performance in the channel. We are differentiating ourselves with innovative products, deep-channel relationships, and a global ecosystem of more than 10,000 partners, and a highly trusted brand. Our progress this year, along with secular growth drivers and Zebra's differentiators, underpin our confidence in achieving long-term sales growth of at least 4% to 5% over a cycle. With the strength of our mobile computing portfolio, we believe that we can exceed that range if the pace of the operating system migration in mobile computing accelerates. As we grow the business, we continue to expect adjusted EBITDA margin expansion to 18% to 20% by the end of 2017, assuming a currency environment consistent with the third quarter. Over the next two years, we expect to achieve our adjusted EBITDA margin target with gross margin improvement in the range of 50 basis points to 100 basis points as we introduce more innovative products, reduce product costs, and services cost, and grow our Android mobile computing sales, particularly through the channel. In addition, we expect further cash operating expense leverage in the range of 200 basis points to 250 basis points as we manage our cost structure, and realize the efficiency benefits of our IT migration. The increased cash flow generation from margin expansion and other actions will enable us to further reduce debt by at least $650 million and reach net-debt-to-adjusted EBITDA ratio of less than 3 times by the end of 2017. In closing, Zebra has a history of consistent execution and we intend to extend that track record by capitalizing on the opportunities ahead and delivering on the targets that we have set. Thank you for your continued support of Zebra. Now, I would like to turn the call back to Dean for Q&A.
Dean Lindroth - VP-Finance & Investor Relations Contact: Thank you, Anders. Before we open the call to your questions, let me ask that you limit yourself to one question and one follow-up. Operator, can you provide our callers with instructions on how to ask a question?
Operator: Thank you. And our first question comes from Keith Housum from Northcoast Research, please go ahead.
Keith M. Housum - Northcoast Research Partners LLC: Good morning, gentlemen. Thanks for taking my question. A question for you guys on the gross margins, if I can just hone in on the Enterprise margins. If I understood that correctly, the Enterprise margins were 42.5% versus 42.8% last quarter. I guess, Anders and Mike, how does that compare to, I guess, historical averages for Enterprise margins? And then if you could just drill down more on the one-time items, like the obsolescence write-off that you guys took, and how that may have impacted it this quarter?
Michael C. Smiley - Chief Financial Officer: Yeah, Keith, this is Mike. So, I think a couple of things on the one-time items. I think, first of all, the excess and obsolescence was  the higher level of that  a lot of that was related to services, wasn't so much on mobile computing. We had within the mobile computing a number of sort of beneficial things  one-time things going both ways, so net-net it really didn't have a big impact on our gross margin. So, some of the E&O was related to enterprise mobile computers offset by  as we've talked about before working with our suppliers and vendors to reduce some of our product costs one-off. So, when you look at it there wasn't a big net-net benefit or change in our gross margin for the enterprise mobile computers.
Keith M. Housum - Northcoast Research Partners LLC: And how does this compare to, like, historical cycle that you guys are in, when you guys are launching new products, is it historically average, or is it a little below average?
Michael C. Smiley - Chief Financial Officer: Actually, as you look at this, I think the  obviously, the Android is the new product area you're focused on. And as we look at the large deals that we're getting for Android products that are very similar to the large deals we'd win in Windows, so we're really encouraged that to build that market share, we're doing it at very consistent margins that we had had before. However, as the business grows in the Android, as Anders mentioned, we will expect to see more channel run rate business, which will come at a higher margin going forward. Also encouraging is the fact that as we continue to develop those products with  at a lower cost point, we would expect margins to be  continue to be favorable.
Keith M. Housum - Northcoast Research Partners LLC: So the 42.5% that you guys compare to like historically, three years or four years or five years ago, is that historically average, or how does that compare to historical numbers?
Anders Gustafsson - Chief Executive Officer & Director: I think we'd  if you normalize that for FX, we would expect that to be very similar to what we've seen before.
Keith M. Housum - Northcoast Research Partners LLC: Okay.
Anders Gustafsson - Chief Executive Officer & Director: And maybe, if I was to reiterate at one point Mike said, which I think may have been misunderstood by the markets maybe is that if you look at the margins we get on our large Windows based deals, it is very consistent with the margins we get on our large Android deals. So there is no difference really in the price points and margins on large deals either Android or Microsoft.
Michael C. Smiley - Chief Financial Officer: Yeah, the other thing, just to go back to FX, I mean if you look at our EBITDA margin, we would have been, FX adjusted, we would have been 20% EBITDA margin for the quarter. So FX has a very meaningful impact on our profitability.
Keith M. Housum - Northcoast Research Partners LLC: Okay. I appreciate that. If I may ask one more, Mike, you went through the synergies really quick. But I guess in a nutshell, should we think of synergies, you guys had actually increased your guidance from operating synergies from $150 million to $200 million?
Michael C. Smiley - Chief Financial Officer: Over a three-year period, yes. And I think a couple of things that happens, sources of that are, as we talked about some of the dis-synergies associated with the transaction that we're incurring we expect that to moderate substantially, we expect the IT systems to allow us to be more efficient as we go forward. So there's a number of things that we would expect over a three-year period to help us to go from $120 million we've already realized eventually to $200 million over the next several years.
Dean Lindroth - VP-Finance & Investor Relations Contact: So take our next question, please.
Operator: And our next question comes from Holden Lewis from Oppenheimer. Please go ahead.
Holden Lewis - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. (Broker): Great. Thank you. Good afternoon  or good morning. On that synergy question, I guess, the $120 million that you're talking about, I mean, what are you expecting to actually sort of realize in 2015? And what's sort of the incremental that you expect to realize in 2016? How does this sort of the incremental realized dollars playing out at this point going forward?
Michael C. Smiley - Chief Financial Officer: So I think one of the neat things about our business is the topline is growing. So effectively on a constant currency basis, our revenue is grown by 10% from the last since 2013, yet our operating expenses net have gone down by 3%. So basically that's 13%, what I would call operating leverage. When you try to determine or as far as how that net-net happens, we have $120 million of realized synergy in our P&L in 2015 for the full year, which is big buckets again are R&D and sales and marketing. And then we have cost increases of roughly $30 million, which is associated with, again the inefficiencies of putting the two businesses together, ERP that related stuff, offset by what you would expect is normal OpEx growth as the business grows by 10% on a constant currency basis. So net-net we're $30 million lower in OpEx 2015 to 2013. So again, with the plans we have going forward, we still expect to hit the 18% to 20% EBITDA margin reflecting exchange rates we saw in the third quarter.
Holden Lewis - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. (Broker): Okay. And then with respect to  it looks like the core Zebra business is somewhat slower. I know that your revenues were in line sort of with the guide. So the first time or couple quarters that you didn't come in at the high end. I guess, but does that reflect a little bit of weakening in the market? And if it does, can you talk about what triggers you may have to pull related to the acquisition and integration, where if the macro does slow you could perhaps mitigate it with some specific initiatives that could offset? How do I think about your ability to perform at the top line, in maybe a weakening macro environment?
Anders Gustafsson - Chief Executive Officer & Director: First, we had, I think, signaled all along that the very strong growth rates we had on the printing side in the first half would start to moderate a bit based on kind of lapping ourselves, having very strong growth rates in the second half of 2014. So I think the growth rates are actually very solid I thought in Q3. The only one that kind of stood out in that case quarter-over-quarter would be the European one. But Europe tends to have, historically has had, a slight decline in Q3 as good chunk of Europe goes on vacation. Last year we did not see that. We actually had a very strong quarter; we had growth in that piece. So we feel good about where we are, we have been able to gain quite a lot of market share over the last couple of years and with our portfolio, with our sales team and the support of our channel partners, we do believe that we should be able to continue to gain share and grow faster in the market. And I'll let Joe Heel, he'll also make some comments.
Joachim Heel - Senior Vice President-Global Sales: This is Joe. I'll add specifically to your question about initiatives and levers that we have to continue to drive growth. On top of what Anders said, I would point specifically to the operating systems migration. This is an area where we do have targeted initiatives underway. The installed base is an area that we are very actively and very systematically pursuing. And the second one is the transition from 1D to 2D in scanning also an area where we are very actively taking the opportunity to systematically go through installed base and take share.
Holden Lewis - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. (Broker): Okay. Thank you.
Dean Lindroth - VP-Finance & Investor Relations Contact: Next question, please.
Operator: And our next question comes from Andrew Spinola from Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Andrew C. Spinola - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Just looking at your operating expense commentary, off the base of 2015 instead of 2013, did I hear it correctly that, Mike, you think that expenses will grow, but at a slower pace essentially than revenue in 2016 and 2017? Is that the right way to think about it?
Michael C. Smiley - Chief Financial Officer: Absolutely. What we're looking to do is manage our operating leverage. We expect to see some nice improvement as our top-line grows and our OpEx will grow substantially lower. And so, when you net it out, we see a 200 basis point to 250 basis point improvement between now and end of 2017 to get us to the 18% to 20% EBITDA margin.
Andrew C. Spinola - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Understood. And just a clarification. I think, Anders, you made the comment, that there's another $180 million to $200 million of integration and acquisition spend between now and 2017, did I catch that correctly?
Anders Gustafsson - Chief Executive Officer & Director: That's correct. That includes then, all the IT spend, including CapEx also. And we also said that that would help yield substantial efficiencies past the 2017 date. So as we get into 2018 and so we expect to drive further operating leverage based on those investments.
Andrew C. Spinola - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Understood. Just stepping back from my perspective, it does seem like  I'm a little surprised the acquisition and integration spend was the highest this year in the third quarter. I guess, I would have thought it would be stepping down. And then, the fact that there's another $180 million to $200 million sounds like a good bit more than I was looking for. And so, I'm just wondering, did it turn out that there's more opportunities for things that you could optimize? Or maybe on the flip side, it turned out that Motorola needed more investment than was initially expected?
Anders Gustafsson - Chief Executive Officer & Director: But first we're very pleased with the efforts to date on integration. We feel that the integration has gone very, very well for us. If you look at the things like the  how we designed and integrated a new sales organization, I think that was done very, very well. There we had a basically a blank sheet of paper that we started with and we didn't really merge the organizations, but that was pretty stressful as we went through it, but looking back, I think we very quickly got the right team, knowing their roles and be out focusing on selling. We've done a lot of work around culture, we feel that culture is one thing that can derail an acquisition like this, so we've had 250 of our most senior people come together in various workshops to work on how to create a common culture across the entire organizations, and I'd say, the organization has responded really, really well to all of those things. But on the negative side, I'd say the complexity of the IT systems has been greater than we had expected, Motorola had a bit of a patchwork of systems. A lot of customization, they didn't necessarily all talk to each other. So as we pull this together, we're looking to see how we can create the platform that's across all of Zebra to drive the right level of efficiencies to then continue to generate great operating leverage benefits after we done with it.
Michael C. Smiley - Chief Financial Officer: And as far as the third quarter, up until the third quarter, a lot of the energy on the IT integration stuff was really on planning. And so, we're starting to put a lot more resources and actually executing on those plans, so that's I think a little bit of impact on the timing of the cash flows for that work.
Andrew C. Spinola - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: All right. All makes sense. I was just curious. Thank you very much.
Anders Gustafsson - Chief Executive Officer & Director: You're welcome.
Dean Lindroth - VP-Finance & Investor Relations Contact: Next question, please.
Operator: And our next question comes from Brian Drab from William Blair. Please go ahead.
Brian P. Drab - William Blair & Co. LLC: Hi. Good morning. Congratulations on the solid results.
Anders Gustafsson - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
Brian P. Drab - William Blair & Co. LLC: First question, I just want to make sure that I have this clear. Is the expected restructuring savings amount now $200 million by the end of 2018?
Anders Gustafsson - Chief Executive Officer & Director: 2017? Just yeah.
Brian P. Drab - William Blair & Co. LLC: By the end of 2017?
Anders Gustafsson - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. So, the run rate, as we exit 2017, will be that. So, you should realize it in 2018.
Brian P. Drab - William Blair & Co. LLC: Got it. Okay. Thanks. And then the $30 million in expenses, the incremental expenses, that's an offset to that $200 million? Or is that $200 million number a net figure?
Michael C. Smiley - Chief Financial Officer: (40:17  40:27).
Brian P. Drab - William Blair & Co. LLC: I don't know if it's just me, but it's very hard to hear, Mike, if that's Mike.
Michael C. Smiley - Chief Financial Officer: Sorry about that. So, the $30 million is in relation to 2013 versus 2015. So, again, we've had $120 million, we realized in 2015 in our P&L. We've had a $30 million in 2015, with cost increases associated with the transaction and additional normal expense growth of $60 million. That $30 million we would expect to decline over the next year or so, because obviously, some of the work associated with the integration will go away. So, for example, some tax stuff, consulting and such, so the $30 million will go down, which is in part one of the reasons why we have some of the synergies we expect to achieve as we go forward.
Brian P. Drab - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay. Okay. Thanks. So some of the $30 million stays, some  but a significant portion of that will go away?
Michael C. Smiley - Chief Financial Officer: Yes. Over time.
Brian P. Drab - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay. And then, can you just break down your sales? I don't know if you can just do this roughly maybe, but in a couple different ways. First I'm curious about the percentage of sales in the third quarter that was associated with large deals? And also, if you could give us any sense percentage of large deals that have been Android versus Windows in the third quarter?
Anders Gustafsson - Chief Executive Officer & Director: I'll start, and I'll hand over to Joe, but generally we can't really share with you all that detail. But, large deal is not a new phenomenon for us, we've had large deals forever. As I mentioned before, the margins on large Windows based deals is very much in line with the margins on large Android based deals. So, the pipeline for large deals is healthy and growing. We certainly hope to have some more things to announce in the next couple of months. But we're also spending a lot of effort trying to make that we get Android into the channel, and we get the channel business to really pickup as much as possible so we can get the run-rate of high margin deals there.
Brian P. Drab - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay.
Joachim Heel - Senior Vice President-Global Sales: And perhaps the only thing I would add just to emphasize what Anders said. Large deals with larger customers are nothing new and different. What's happening here is, discontinuity of operating systems is creating an opportunity for us to take share. And I think that's what we've been very successful at in the last year, and we see an opportunity to continue to do that as this migration cycle continues, and the large deals will be the most prominent ones where this manifests itself.
Operator: And our next question comes from James Faucette from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
James E. Faucette - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thank you very much. I had a couple of follow-up questions. First, in terms of the European performance in the quarter, you indicated that it was kind of a difficult comparison, or at least last year you saw growth, whereas this year you looked at there was more normal seasonality. I'm just wondering, if you have any sense for how much price changes in that market may have impacted  may have impacted the demand there, and getting a sense for your view of price elasticity there? And then also, in a similar vein is if the currency remains weak there, or to weaken further, do you think that you'd be moved to make additional pricing adjustments? And at what point are you able, or will you be unable to make continued pricing adjustments there based on competitors? And then my last question, was kind of a follow-up to the question  the previous question, just on large deals. Did  at the time the large deals were announced last quarter, you talked about follow-on sales and the like, and I would imagine those probably take time. But I'm just wondering if we're getting any incremental indications of follow-on deals, either of people trying to emulate solutions that were put in place, or did those customers themselves are preparing to come back and buy? Thank you very much.
Anders Gustafsson - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Just quickly, what was the first one again. To make sure I answer the right ones in the right order.
James E. Faucette - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Sorry. Yes, yes. Sorry. Just asking if the pricing changes in Europe exacerbated any seasonality in that market?
Anders Gustafsson - Chief Executive Officer & Director: So, yeah, to the best of our analysis, we don't believe that the price increase has had any negative impact on volume. We don't think that we lost business because of that. If there was one possible thing, there will be that some of our partners stacked up a bit more in Q2 and it took them a little longer to burn off that inventory  bought stuff before the price increase, basically, and it took long to burned that off, but now we started to see good improvement in margin based on this. And we said it, from Q4 now, where we think we are basically gone through all the possible changes from Q2. We expect to see an annualized margin benefit of $25 million to $30 million based on that price increase. Now, you also asked, I think, the next question about so what happens if foreign exchange continues to deteriorate? And it's obviously hard to answer that in an abstract, because we raised our prices in May or April by 12%, but that was also done in conjuncture with many of our competitors. So, many other technology companies did something similar. I think it's hard for us to by ourselves go out and do something like this, but we obviously keep all our tools available for us and we have the ability to raise prices more, we also have the ability to be more restrictive with price concessions and other things to make sure that the price points are higher. A lot of our large deals are going to go through the channels, so they are bid on an individual basis, and when we bid them we always look at the gross margin and the profitability of that overall deal. So, there, we have a very immediate impact or ability to impact margins even in a deteriorating FX environment. And maybe, Joe, do you have any more comments on that?
Joachim Heel - Senior Vice President-Global Sales: (47:21  47:41).
James E. Faucette - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Sorry, I think once again, somebody's mic is off.
Joachim Heel - Senior Vice President-Global Sales: Yes. I'm sorry. That was mine. So, I was on the third point. The question was whether the large deals are beginning to lead to follow on sales in the medium and small categories, if I understood it correctly. And indeed, we are beginning to see this on the Android side in particular. If I look back to the beginning of this year, we can say that the vast majority of the deals if not all of them were ones where our direct sales force was driving, and leading the sale, they were all large in nature. As we now come towards the end of this year, we're seeing a much more significant portion of deals come without much of our intervention from the channel and the mix is including now a large proportion of these medium and small-sized deals, which we think is healthy and beneficial the way that such migrations typically evolve.
Anders Gustafsson - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Maybe one example of one large deal that we won for mobile computing some other products and services that we have been able to sell to them now include wearable devices, which are very high margin, a lot more services, which we also have a very sticky and  or with us for a long time. We also now understand that they have started to offer some of their customers Zebra printers, which they didn't do before. And we're in talking to them about other more longer range newer type of solutions. So, clearly we now have gone from being somebody who was kind of on the outside, to have a chance maybe to bid on a RFQ at times to somebody they think of as a trusted advisor, a technology partner and come to us to seek our thoughts and opinions about how we can best help them develop their technology portfolio?
James E. Faucette - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great. Thanks.
Dean Lindroth - VP-Finance & Investor Relations Contact: Next question, please.
Operator: And our next question comes from Paul Coster from JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Paul J. Chung - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thanks. This is Paul Chung on for Paul Coster. Thanks for taking my question. For the 80% win rate in retail, can you elaborate on the drivers behind these wins, besides the migration of the operating systems?
Anders Gustafsson - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yes. These were specific to wins against consumer devices. Now in the prior calls we've had some concern by investors that the consumer devices are going to encroach on our space. And I think is fair to say that back in 2011, 2012 or so when consumer devices first appeared on our radar screen, we were caught maybe a little flat-footed; we didn't really have any devices that could compete with them. Now, we have a very compelling portfolio of new devices that are  have all touchscreens, they're ruggedized, but they have modern operating systems. So they feel much more like the traditional phones, and our customers' users are able to much more quickly get comfortable and use those, but they are purpose built for the use cases of our customers. So with those devices, we now have something where we can compete, and we're winning probably more than our fair share of those devices, but is really driven by new innovative products that we've been able to launch.
Joachim Heel - Senior Vice President-Global Sales: I would add, Joe Heel speaking again, that over the last roughly three years there have been many customers who have tried and experimented with consumer devices in the application in the Enterprise. And as they have made their experiences, we have been able to now win a lot of these deals based on the Enterprise-grade features of our devices, in addition to the adaptation of the form factor that Anders mentioned and the functionality. So things like battery life, stability of operating system, ruggedness, some are key factors that are helping us to win these deals.
Paul J. Chung - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Thanks. And what kind of visibility do you have with large deals in the pipeline in the next 6 to 12 months?
Joachim Heel - Senior Vice President-Global Sales: Joe Heel, again. We are very confident about our ability to continue to drive large deals. And also to supplement them with the medium and small-sized deals to really build out a pipeline that is very balanced. But we feel strong about the large deals.
Paul J. Chung - JPMorgan Securities LLC: And then, I don't know if you mentioned it or, what was your 2015 CapEx guidance and are you giving guidance for 2016 and 2017?
Michael C. Smiley - Chief Financial Officer: Yeah. We're not giving guidance for 2016, at this point. The CapEx for 2015, I would expect the fourth quarter to be a little bit softer than the third quarter, but not dramatically different.
Paul J. Chung - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Thanks, guys.
Operator: And our next question comes from Matthew Gall from Barrington Research. Please go ahead.
Matthew Gall - Barrington Research Associates, Inc.: Good morning. Thank you for taking my questions. A lot of the topics that have been asked, to review as far as OpEx synergies and things like that on follow-up. But maybe just from a broader scale, there's been some new product launch announcements recently, and you're expressing some larger mobile computing deals that are in the pipeline. But if you could just touch on maybe some of the new product launches like the ET50, ET55 tablets, where you're seeing some success there? And then as we look out, kind of a cadence of new product launches, both within mobile computing, and then maybe along some of the other data capture or printing lines as well for hardware?
Anders Gustafsson - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. So I'll start on the tablet side here. We won't talk about new products that we haven't launched yet, because we want to do that kind of properly in the markets. But on the tablet side, we see a lot of our customers use tablets in different form factors and we felt that there was an opportunity for us to have a presence, a bigger presence than we had before. And it's one where we feel that having that broader portfolio will also position us better to be able to win the entire fleet of products that they have. Early indications from the launch, which is only about a month back now I think, has been very positive. I'm not sure we have any big announcements to make quite yet, but we feel good about where we are after a month. And Joe has some further comments here.
Matthew Gall - Barrington Research Associates, Inc.: Okay.
Joachim Heel - Senior Vice President-Global Sales: Yeah. We have some very nice deals that are coming together on our new ET50 and ET55 tablets. We're excited about this product from two perspectives. On the one hand, this is the one area where consumer products had made some inroads and we didn't have a product to properly counter them, which we now have. And our customers have been very eager to have a product that meets those same enterprise grade specifications that we have in our handheld devices that we can now bring to the tablet market. So we feel that both from an offensive and defensive perspective, this is really a terrific product for us to have in the market, and we have some early successes that we're quite proud of.
Matthew Gall - Barrington Research Associates, Inc.: Great. Thanks for providing more color on that. And then, I know you may be touched it on the opening remarks, but as far as the rebranding efforts, where are you on that and is it moving as expected? And then, as far as any of the costs associated with that, is there a guideline of maybe when that should flow through the P&L and we should see the rebranding costs be removed from the P&L?
Anders Gustafsson - Chief Executive Officer & Director: So, at the end of this year, we expect that the majority of the rebranding should be done. There is a long tail though, so they will continue to stay with us for 2016, but from an intensity of the effort,. 2015 is really where most of these things happen. So, for Q4 I think we have a slightly, that we have a bit more rebranding expense in our forecast than we had in Q3. So that's one kind of miscellaneous item that's hitting the Q4 gross margin that we saw last time in Q3?
Michael C. Smiley - Chief Financial Officer: Yes, but to Anders' point, it's not a huge number for the fourth quarter, but it is a little bit of a headwind.
Matthew Gall - Barrington Research Associates, Inc.: Okay. Thank you very much, guys.
Dean Lindroth - VP-Finance & Investor Relations Contact: Take a next question, please.
Operator: And our next question comes from Jason Rodgers from Great Lakes Review. Please go ahead.
Jason A. Rodgers - Great Lakes Review: Good morning.
Anders Gustafsson - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning.
Jason A. Rodgers - Great Lakes Review: Just to follow up on the large mobile deals, I wondered if you're seeing any change in competition  when you compete against those deals, if you're seeing other companies introduce more Android-based devices? As well as if the pricing on these large deals has changed, if you've actually walked away from any, just because the pricing didn't make sense? Thanks.
Anders Gustafsson - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. First the competition for this large deal is by-and-large the same as for mid-sized deals, the competition is probably more determined based on the vertical. So, if you're competing in retail versus manufacturing, you probably have some more differences there, but we tend to see our traditional competitors, but we also see some consumer grade competitors as well, and some lower price or lower quality competitors from Asia, China and Korea particularly. So, it is a largely the same group of people. I think we have a pretty good understanding of their offerings and how to compete against them. We feel we are certainly holding our own and I would say this year, we've been gaining share in the new wins, both on the larger deals and the more normal run rate business. The pricing environment seems to be consistent with what we've seen historically. So, as we mentioned on the call, the margins we see on our large  on large deals for Windows based devices is actually the similar or the same as the margin we see on large deals for Android devices also. So, I don't think that we see a big difference in that area. Joe, any further comments?
Joachim Heel - Senior Vice President-Global Sales: No.
Jason A. Rodgers - Great Lakes Review: Thank you.
Operator: And we do have a follow-up question from Holden Lewis from Oppenheimer, please go ahead.
Holden Lewis - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. (Broker): Thank you. On the pricing, just so I understand, you said that the impact of pricing could be $25 million to $30 million. Is that the sales impact, is that a profit impact? What number is that?
Anders Gustafsson - Chief Executive Officer & Director: So that  say if we raised the prices by $25 million to $30 million annualized, there is no cost associated with that. So, basically you get the revenue, but it flows straight through to the bottom line.
Holden Lewis - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. (Broker): Okay. And then, if that is an annualized full-year number, can you tell me how much you're realizing in Q3 and for full year 2015, so we have a sense of what the incremental impact will be next year?
Anders Gustafsson - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. I think we expect that we will be  basically in the run rate now for this in Q4, so you can take basically a quarter of that for the fourth quarter.
Holden Lewis - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. (Broker): Okay. So you don't think that you realized much of that in Q3 at all?
Anders Gustafsson - Chief Executive Officer & Director: We did realize some of that in Q3, not the full run rate, but we realized some of that.
Holden Lewis - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. (Broker): Okay. So $7 million give or take in Q4, and some smaller number than that in Q3, and then the rest will be realized incrementally next year?
Anders Gustafsson - Chief Executive Officer & Director: That's correct. That's how we think about it.
Holden Lewis - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. (Broker): Okay. Great. Thank you.
Anders Gustafsson - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
Operator: And we have no further questions. I will now turn the call back over to Dean Lindroth for closing comments.
Dean Lindroth - VP-Finance & Investor Relations Contact: Okay. Thank you. Thank you, everyone, for joining us today. That concludes our call.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-08-11 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Anders Gustafsson - Chief Executive Officer Mike Smiley - Chief Financial Officer Joe Heel - Senior Vice President, Global Sales Dean Lindroth - Vice President, Finance
Analysts: Richard Eastman - Robert Baird Keith Housum - Northcoast Tim Mulrooney - William Blair Andrew Spinola - Wells Fargo Paul Coster - JPMorgan
Operator: Good morning and welcome to Zebra Technologies Second Quarter 2015 Earnings Release Conference Call. Joining us from Zebra Technologies are Anders Gustafsson, Chief Executive Officer; Mike Smiley, Chief Financial Officer; Joe Heel, Senior Vice President, Global Sales; and Dean Lindroth, Vice President, Finance. All lines will be in a listen-only mode until after todays presentation. [Operator Instructions] At the request of Zebra Technologies, this conference call is being recorded. Should anyone have any objections, please disconnect at this time. And at this time, I would now like to introduce Mr. Dean Lindroth of Zebra Technologies. Sir, you may begin.
Dean Lindroth: Thank you and good morning. Thank you for joining us today. Todays call will include prepared remarks from Anders Gustafsson and Mike Smiley. Joe Heel will join for the Q&A portion of the call. A replay of this call will be available on our website approximately 2 hours after the conclusion of the call. Certain statements made on this call will relate to future events or circumstances, and therefore, will be forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as expect, believe, anticipate and outlook are a few examples of words identifying a forward-looking statement. Forward-looking information is subject to various risks and uncertainties, which could significantly affect expected results. Information about risk factors that could impact our results is noted in the press release we issued this morning and is also described in Zebras latest 10-K, which is on file with the SEC. Finally, we will be making references today to both GAAP and non-GAAP measures. You can find reconciliations of our GAAP to non-GAAP results in todays press release. In addition, year-over-year sales growth references for enterprise and total Zebra will be on an estimated historical basis. I will now turn the call over to Anders.
Anders Gustafsson: Thank you, Dean and good morning everyone. This morning, we reported another strong quarter of revenue growth, broad-based demand in mobile computing, scanning and printing and solid execution drove second quarter sales to $894 million, excluding purchase accounting adjustments. This represents 11% year-over-year growth on a constant currency basis. We are seeing the impact of our focus on strengthening the Enterprise business and the benefits of being One Zebra. Non-GAAP earnings per share were $1.05, up 14% from a year ago and adjusted EBITDA was $132 million. While sales were near the top end of our prior guidance range, earnings were at the lower end as a result of two main drivers that impacted gross margin. First, we had approximately 1 percentage point impact related to one-time factors, which Mike will comment on in a moment. Second, our success in winning large deals, particularly in mobile computing, was higher than we anticipated resulting in an adverse impact to gross margin percentage. Importantly, while rapid growth in sales and of customer-facing and in mobility devices has put some near-term pressure on mobile computing margins. We believe this will be mitigated by an increased mix of higher margin run-rate business from cost reductions and continued strong growth in our task-oriented and industrial class devices. I will now share some highlights of the business for the second quarter. Our focus on the customer, execution in the channel and an industry leading portfolio of product portfolio are clearly differentiating Zebra in the marketplace. Enterprise sales increased 2% or 9% in constant currency. Pre-transaction Zebra sales grew 11% or 17% in constant currency. From a regional perspective, we delivered solid growth in our three largest regions. Quarter-over-quarter growth was 7% in North America, 16% in constant currency in EMEA, and 20% in Asia-Pacific. Latin America was essentially flat. In North America, sales in printing and mobile computing were strong, particularly with large retail customers. In the quarter, we were also successful in securing two highly contested retail orders. The first was the multimillion dollar deal in which we will displace incumbent consumer devices and printers as well as provide Zebra OneCare services. The second was one of the largest mobile computing orders in our history, where the runner up was the leading consumer device. These are both strong examples of Zebras ability to successfully demonstrate the benefits of our commercial class devices over consumer devices. These include higher durability, lower total cost of ownership, superior device management and security. In healthcare, we saw a strengthening pipeline and solid demand, particularly in printing for patient care and productivity improvements. In EMEA, results in the quarter were driven by an outstanding sales effort and strong execution in the channel. Sales growth in both enterprise and printing was broad-based geographically, with particular strength in large customer accounts in postal, transportation and logistics and retail. This was supported by growth trends in e-commerce, applications around parcel labeling and tracking and personal shopping. In addition, we displaced a major competitor by winning a significant multiyear award with the Royal Mail in the UK. We will provide 76,000 of our new TC75 mobile computers, which feature a unique touch screen display, enhanced battery life and signature capture. Once deployed, this solution for field service and delivery applications will increase staff mobility, operational efficiency and quality of service. In Asia-Pacific, the Enterprise business continued to regain share from pre-transaction levels. By leveraging Zebras historically strong relationships, together with a focus on operational execution, we are building a healthier and stronger channel as well as an increased partner confidence. As a result, we are seeing the emergence of valuable cross-selling opportunities in China and across the region. E-commerce and online shopping continue to drive growth in transportation and logistics, which resulted in strong demand, particularly for desktop and tabletop printers. In retail, solid demand in scanning is being driven by e-commerce and mobile payment trends, particularly in China. Our sales growth demonstrates that our innovative product portfolio is enabling us to take full advantage of the trends in cloud computing, mobility and the Internet of Things. For example, the large installed base of aging legacy CE and mobile products and the acceptance of Android is driving demand for mobile devices with more up-to-date operating systems. To address this opportunity, we remain OS agnostic and are investing in both the Android and Windows platforms. By engaging early, we have established a leading position with the broadest Android-based product lineup in the industry. Our objective is to secure as much of the early adopter business as possible. After an increase of over 400% in bookings last year, this years bookings through the first half, have exceeded all of 2013 and 2014 combined. While this has been driven primarily by a number of large deals for customer-facing and field mobility devices, it has put some pressure on near-term margin. However, we believe this strategy will help us drive share and lead to higher margin run-rate business for Zebra going forward. Our portfolio also includes a wide array of mobile computers and wearable products that have more task-oriented or industrial-based applications, for which demand was also strong. These products generally carry higher margin and are expected to continue to contribute meaningfully to our overall mix. In addition to Android, we expect continued strong demand from Windows-based products and are investing in those opportunities. As a result, we will be introducing a number of new devices on Windows 8, which will be fully upgradable to Windows 10. These will include 8-inch and 10-inch tablets to address one of the fastest growing segments in mobile computing. Used cases include field sales and service, retail front of store and assisted selling applications. Available with either Windows or Android, our tablets will provide several benefits over consumer devices, including scanning functionality, increased durability and more processing power. Omni-channel also continues to drive demand. In retail and transportation and logistics, customers are seeking solutions for everything from growing online commerce to order fulfillment via traditional brick-and-mortar stores. As a result, growth in mobile printers and 3D scanners is accelerating. In printing, we have established a competitive differentiator with Link-OS, a software platform that makes printers easy to integrate, manage and monitor from any location. This Enterprise asset intelligence solution benefits customers through improved actionable information about their operations and the performance of their assets from any location. Bookings in the second quarter, due to the multimillion dollar order by a national food company for 5,000 printers, supplies the Link-OS platform and Zebra OneCare services. The customers objectives were to reduce cost, implement device management and improve efficiency. In wireless LAN, we are investing in a path to grow. This year, we have added internal sales resources, expanded our channel network by over 100 partners and focused heavily on building our pipeline. Recent results include strong demand for our 802.11ac product and an increase in several brand awareness and lead generation metrics. In services, we made solid progress on integrating resources and creating one global service organization. The team is focused on serving our customers and improving performance and repair turnaround time, quality management, call handling and case cycle times. In EMEA and Asia Pacific, we are now delivering at much higher levels of performance, as on-time repairs have stabilized. In North America and Latin America, we have increased service levels as well but have more to do. Operational improvements, along with improved alignment between services, resources and channel teams and the launch of Zebra OneCare have begun to improve attach and renewal rates. In managed services, bookings are trending up, with encouraging levels of orders and pipeline growth for our recently launched asset visibility platform and operational visibility subscription services. The growth that we have delivered in the quarter and since the acquisition of the Enterprise business validates our strategy. It also demonstrates our ability to execute on our continuing commitment for meeting our customers needs for asset visibility solutions. I will now turn the call over to Mike, who will provide more details on our financial results and the outlook for the third quarter. I will then return for some closing remarks.
Mike Smiley: Thank you, Anders. Total GAAP sales for the company were $890 million. Enterprise sales, excluding the impact of purchase accounting, were $573 million, up 9% on a constant currency basis, primarily due to higher sales of mobile computing and scanning products. Pre-transaction Zebra sales were $321 million, up 17% on a constant currency basis. In addition to solid growth in printing, sales of location solutions were up significantly from a year ago. This reflected growth in the industrial vertical and the continued rollout of our MotionWorks tracking solution for the NFL. Sales of Hart retail inventory solutions were comparable to a year ago and seasonally lower than the first quarter. In North America, sales were up $418 million excluding the impact of purchase accounting, were up 7% year-over-year. Growth in printing, mobile computing and scanning was offset partially by lower sales and services in wireless LAN. In mobile computing, our success with several large retail customers resulted in the sale of a higher proportion of MC40 and TC55 devices than we have seen in recent quarters. EMEA sales were $303 million, up 16% year-over-year on a constant currency basis. This reflects strong demand across the region. From a product perspective, sales increased significantly in printing, scanning and mobile computing. Sales in Asia-Pacific were $117 million, up 20% year-over-year. Sales of Enterprise products grew substantially as we continued to gain traction from improvements in operational efficiencies and channel management compared to a year ago. Sales of printing and supplies were also up significantly. In Latin America, sales were $55 million, roughly flat compared to a year ago. Continuing macroeconomic challenges have pressured sales in Brazil, which we have offset with modest growth across the rest of the region. Gross margin for the quarter was 44.2%. This reflects the impact of purchase accounting and one-time accounting adjustments related to Enterprise that adversely affected results. Additionally, we incurred expenses associated with re-branding of products containing the Motorola marks. Product re-branding activities will continue according to the staggered cutover schedule through the end of next year. However, we expect the majority of this effort and the associated cost to be completed by the end of this year. Excluding these factors, gross margin will be approximately 45.3% and 42.8% for total Zebra and Enterprise, respectively. Gross margin for the pre-transaction Zebra business, which is unaffected by these items, was 49.9%. Enterprise gross margin was also impacted by the mobile computing product mix. While we saw solid growth in our task-oriented industrial products, there was margin pressure associated with high levels of sales of customer-facing and field mobility devices to large retail and postal customers. Fluctuations in mix can be a challenge to predict in the near-term as we address the OS migration opportunity and balance our growth with higher margin run rate business. Finally, in the services business, the results of which are included in our segment results, gross margin improved sequentially due to lower repair costs and was in line with our expectations. Operating expenses for sales and marketing, R&D and G&A were $293 million, including $8 million of stock-based compensation expense. The increase compared to the first quarter of the year is primarily a result of higher marketing expenses and the impact of our annual merit increase. To-date, with our focus on our cost synergy programs and improvements in operating leverage, we have captured approximately $60 million of savings and remain on track to achieve our target of $150 million of run rate savings by the end of 2016. In addition, we believe that there is potential to achieve further operating leverage beyond the 2-year timeframe. Other operating expenses in the quarter included amortization of intangible assets of $63.7 million and acquisition and integration and exit and restructuring costs of $49.1 million. In the quarter, we recorded $11.3 million foreign exchange gain. Recently, we added Enterprise business activity to our balance sheet program  hedging program, which is expected to reduce the volatility of foreign exchange movements on net monetary assets. We also plan to incorporate Enterprise into our cash flow hedging program during the third quarter. Interest expense is $49.3 million, including $5.1 million for amortization of debt issuance costs. The GAAP net loss per share was $1.50 and includes income tax charges associated with our ongoing legal entity rationalization strategy. On a non-GAAP basis, earnings per share were $1.05 compared to $0.92 in the second quarter of last year. Adjusted EBITDA was $132 million or 48% of sales. While we remain committed to achieving the 18% to 20% long-term EBITDA margin target we established when we announced the deal, second quarter EBITDA margin of nearly 19%  second quarter EBITDA margin was nearly 19% on a constant currency basis. Turning now to cash, we ended the quarter with $205 million in cash, including $156 million held outside the U.S. During the quarter, we made total loan repayments of $80 million, bringing the total repayment so far this year to $130 million. Next, I will provide some perspectives on the second half and our guidance for the third quarter of 2015. As you look ahead for the balance of the year, we expect sales momentum to continue. However, growth rates in both enterprise and printing will moderate compared to the first half, given the strong results in the third and fourth quarters of a year ago. From a margin perspective, we expect a continuation of large deal activities as we drive the OS transition and additional expenses associated with the Enterprise product re-branding activity. We also will begin to see the impact of price increases in certain international markets, including Europe and cost synergy benefits. This is expected to result gross margins generally consistent with the second quarter, excluding one-time adjustments. For the third quarter, we expect total sales in the range of $900 million to $930 million, flat to up 2.5% year-over-year and up 4% to 7% on a constant currency basis. We expect non-GAAP earnings in the range of $1.10 to $1.35 and adjusted EBITDA in the range of $135 million to $150 million. Gross margin is expected to be in the range of 44.8% to 45.8%. Operating expenses for sales, marketing, R&D and G&A are expected to be in the range of $293 million to $298 million, including stock-based compensation expense of $8 million. On a sequential basis, the increase is primarily related to investments in mobile computing. We anticipate cash interest expense of $45 million and assume an annualized non-GAAP tax rate in the range of 22% to 24%. I will now turn the call back to Anders for his closing remarks.
Anders Gustafsson: Thank you, Mike. On our last call, I talked about the priorities that we believe will drive the continued success of the business and shareholder value. They are growth, execution and cultural and business transformation. I would like to provide you with a brief update on each. Beginning with growth, we are engaging more deeply with strategic accounts, developing cross-selling opportunities, enabling the OS transition and strengthening our services and wireless LAN businesses. Better together is also showing results. In addition to North America  to the North America retail deal I mentioned earlier, there have been a number of other important wins. These include the retail award in Asia-Pacific that incorporated mobile computers and mobile printers and a customer in EMEA, who purchased an asset tracking solution involving mobile computers, scanners and printers. All of these wins further underscore the strength of our end-to-end solutions. In addition, we are capitalizing on several market trends. These include the need for customers to upgrade technology, including updated operating systems as well as a deeper penetration of technology into the enterprise. There is also significant opportunity in Enterprise Asset Intelligence applications that are currently in the early stages of adoption. Used cases include inventory monitoring to enhance security and availability, order fulfillment to improve customer delivery times, improve manufacturing process controls and finishing the mobility and workflow. With this momentum, combined with an industry leading portfolio, I am confident in our ability to continue to grow this business. From an execution perspective, we are focused on improving operational efficiency and effectively managing our investments for future growth. Our services and channel improvements are two examples as well as the early termination of several transition service agreements with Motorola Solutions. To improve efficiency and reduce costs, we have exited 14 sites so far this year. We will be exiting or consolidating others as we continue our integration activities. This includes the consolidation of our North American distribution centers, which should be completed before the end of next year. From an investment perspective, our priorities continue to be top line growth, product innovation, strengthening the team and extending our leadership position. Finally, significant business and cultural transformation is taking place within the company. For example, since we acquired Enterprise, we have had three specific objectives in our sales organization. First, quickly unify the teams and present one face to the customer. Second, be partner-centric in our go-to-market strategy, which includes improving our effectiveness in the channel, expanding our partner network to enhance our reach and implementing a best-in-class partner program. And third, begin to transform to a more solutions-based sales organization. As you are aware, two sales teams were unified into one global team almost immediately following the acquisition. More recently, we migrated the team on to a single customer relationship management system, which will result in a meaningful improvement in efficiency. We are also well underway with our second objective. More partners have come on board since the start of the year and we will launch a unified channel program early next year. As for transformation, we continue to build on the foundation of strong partner relationships and a broad portfolio. Recently, we launched the steel building initiative focused on further strengthening our salesforces knowledge of the full Zebra portfolio and enhancing our solution and selling capabilities. Collectively, achieving these three objectives will enable us to continue to move up the value chain and deliver differentiated solutions to our customers. Finally, we believe that culture is an enabler and we are being very thoughtful about how we shape the culture and organization design to support our long-term strategy. I am very pleased with the progress that we have made. In closing, we believe that with the commitment and dedication of our team, together with the trends in mobility, the cloud and Internet of Things, we are well-positioned to deliver on Enterprise Asset Intelligence and meet the needs of our partners and customers. Thank you for your continued support of Zebra. I also want to thank our employees for their considerable efforts to realize our One Zebra mission and hard work to satisfy our customers every day. And now, I would like to turn the call back to Dean for Q&A.
Dean Lindroth: Thank you, Anders. Before we open the call to your questions, let me ask that you limit yourself to one question and one follow-up. Operator, can you provide our callers with instructions on how to ask a question?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Richard Eastman from Robert Baird.
Richard Eastman: Yes, good morning. Just the first question, could you kind of speak to now with a couple of quarters of Enterprise consolidated here, could you maybe speak to the orders in the quarter for Enterprise and potentially what the book-to-bill look like and how comfortable you feel now with the visibility that you are gaining on the Enterprise business as more of a backlog-driven business?
Anders Gustafsson: Yes. So, we feel good about the progress we have seen in the business so far. Generally, we only enter a quarter with about 20% booked before at the beginning of the quarter. So, we really have to win the business in the quarter, but we put a lot of emphasis on pipeline management and being very disciplined in how we build up our forecast, our pipelines, and the opportunities that we go after. And we feel quite good that we have a much better visibility into the outlook. And we manage it on a weekly basis basically to ensure that we stay very close to it. And I will ask Joe Heel also to give some extra color on that.
Joe Heel: Yes, sure. Hi, Joe Heel here. In terms of the pipeline management, as Anders said, we have added  lifted our sights a little bit in terms of the duration that we look out ahead and we now plan our pipeline one or even two quarters ahead. Thats given us a lot better visibility. We have worked  also worked very hard on what we call the run-rate, which is the business that goes through distribution thats not in large deal and increasing that in the Enterprise business is our focus and has been quite successful for us since we have made the acquisition.
Richard Eastman: Okay. And then the second question maybe for Mike, could you address the free cash flow year-to-date date and maybe there is a couple of big tax payments made in each of the quarters if that continues, but how does  can you give us any sense of what the free cash flow should look like for the full year?
Mike Smiley: Yes. I guess the big thing I would say is that we certainly have big tax payments that go out in the second quarter. So, that affected our cash flow. The other thing is if we can get you to come visit us here in Lincolnshire, we moved into a new consolidated business, which drove some leasehold improvements, which is more or less a lot of it behind us, which drove some of the CapEx numbers. So, generally and as we go forward I would say we will continue to invest in integrating the company thats primarily from an IT standpoint. So, I would expect though the first half had a meaningful part of leasehold improvement, in the second half, we will continue on with ERP integration activities. So, again, I dont expect the tax payments to be as meaningful as it was in the second half. I would expect the CapEx to be somewhat maybe a little bit lower in the second half than the first half because of the building leasehold improvements we made in the first half.
Richard Eastman: Is there any range or forecast on free cash flow for the full year you would be willing to offer?
Mike Smiley: No. Yes, we dont do that. But I would say that you saw that we repaid another $80 million of debt in the second quarter bringing the total to $130 million. We continue to see good cash flow in the second half and I think we are on track for our goal of three times debt to EBITDA at the end of 3 years. So I am feeling really good about the management of our cash flow and getting us to the targets we have committed to at the time of the acquisition.
Richard Eastman: Okay, thank you.
Anders Gustafsson: Yes. Next question please.
Operator: Our next question is from Keith Housum from Northcoast.
Keith Housum: Good morning gentlemen. Let me ask a question, I think this is probably a pressure point for you guys you today and its is going to be on your guidance for the third quarter, most particularly the gross margins, Mike can you give a little more color on how you guys are looking now, I think you guys said 45.3% without the one-time costs, but give us a little more idea about what the rebranding costs would be in the third and fourth quarter and is there any more color you can give us on exactly the impact that the large deals have and the gross margin compared to your run rate business?
Mike Smiley: Yes. So I guess on the  first of all, just to start out, the margin obviously is at the lower end of sort of what we were expecting we gave guidance. I will say that I am pleased with the success of the deals that we have because it put our sales at the top end. And I think Anders at some point will talk about fact that Android has been extremely well received. We won some very large deals. So generally, those large deals have I think for the business demonstrated that we are successful against consumer-grade devices and there is also the strong pickup of Android. Be that as it may, roughly 1% of our gross margin hit in the quarter was associated with what I would call unusual items. A piece of that is rebranding. So with the Motorola transaction, we have the ability to use the Motorola brand for a certain period of time and thats staggered. So we would expect $2 million to $4 million per quarter through the rest of this year, sort of trailing off next year, affecting our gross margin and we have incorporated that into our guidance for the third quarter. We also have  we also had a number of units that we sold through MSI consistent based on our purchase agreement with very, very favorably pricing, which affected our margin, that stops this quarter. We also  I would say, we had a  as you go to the grocery store and you buy milk real cheap, so you buy all the other stuff for a while, we had some sales went through in the second quarter, which was sort of low margin profitability, which will benefit us as we go forward. So there is a number of things sort of on the unusual one-time items that will go forward. So as you look at it in the second half, I would say the reason we have the guidance that we do is that we have an expectation for continuing to be successful in some large deals, which is going to dampen some of our margin reflected in our guidance. We still have the rebranding efforts going forward, which again is $2 million to $4 million as we guess it right now. Thats offset by the price increases that we talked about in Europe. I think that as the year goes on, those price increases will continue to have some modest benefit for us. And then we also have some cost synergy benefits which are generally on track with what we said from our synergy capture assumptions. So with that, we are expecting second half, again, because  primarily because of large deal activity, to be in line with our Q2, excluding one-time items.
Keith Housum: So it sounds like the fourth quarter should be much better than from a gross margin perspective than the third quarter, is that a good take on that?
Mike Smiley: No. The good thing is we  Anders will talk more about this but this OS migration provides a huge opportunity for customers to reconsider what solutions they want going forward. I would call this a huge jump ball where it provides an opportunity to grab more market share than perhaps we have been able to do over the last several years. As a result of that, there are large deals coming, very attractive large deals that as we are successful with again with our Android portfolio and such that we should be able to capture those deals. And so thats where we would say in the second half, we expect to continue to be successful with that  with the large deals. I dont know Anders, if you want to give some more color?
Anders Gustafsson: Yes. I think we believe that it's very important for us now to take advantage of this discontinuity we can call it in the marketplace and really focus on extending our leadership and pursue these large deals very aggressively. This OS migration is something that happens probably once every decade or something. And we have a product portfolio thats now very well positioned for this and our customers are we are also very well positioned with customers to do this. So we want to make sure we get this  many of these orders as we can. But we also can recognize and our history has shown that once we get these deals, we will start working the cost side of these things. We will start cross-selling other opportunities into them. We would expand our footprints within those accounts. And margins will improve based on that, they would be very attractive business over the longer term.
Mike Smiley: And just to follow-up real quick, I also think as we win these large deals and gain market share, it will later on build our run rate business, which comes with a higher  which naturally comes with a higher margin for us. So I think winning this jump ball right now is important for our future building that run rate higher margin business.
Keith Housum: Okay. So, it sounds like for this year, the EBITDA margins of 18% to 20% is not likely by you are finding on being able to reach that goal next year?
Mike Smiley: We have talked about our goal was more at the end of roughly 2 or 3 years. So, given  I mean, the one thing I would highlight is that gives me some comfort is that we did a constant currency adjustment for our EBITDA margin. We would effectively be at the target we had hoped for 3 years ago  that we hope for in a couple of years. So I think we are operating the business in a good way. We obviously have more foreign exchange headwinds than when we close the deal. Even with those headwinds though, we still think in 2 years, 3 years  2 years or 3 years from the time the transaction closed, we will hit the 18%, 19%, 20% EBITDA margin that we had told investors. So I think thats pretty good considering the fact that we have the FX challenge.
Keith Housum: Okay. Inside asking the questions, but I guess the last one for the current quarter, what impact did FX have on your EPS line?
Mike Smiley: From our guidance, really virtually nothing, if you look at it from a year-over-year standpoint, our gross margin would have been three points higher than we reflected. So again, thats a huge impact to our profitability year-over-year.
Keith Housum: Alright, I will jump back in the queue. Thank you.
Anders Gustafsson: Next question please.
Operator: Our next question is from Tim Mulrooney from William Blair.
Tim Mulrooney: Good morning.
Anders Gustafsson: Good morning.
Tim Mulrooney: You guys announced the Royal Mail win in the UK in June, can you give us any sense for the amount of revenue associated with that deal and are you selling any other product or services as part of that deal other than the TC75?
Anders Gustafsson: Yes, we  unfortunately, we cant talk about revenues for this. We have got to have permission from our customers by what we share. But we are  we have shared that the TC75 is by far the largest product in that contract, but it also includes some wearable computers, some ring scanners and also a number of services. So, its a much broader portfolio and we can already see that having beat the asset or brought in a asset customer. We are positioned to be able to pursue all sorts of other opportunities that are coming along, Joe any further...?
Joe Heel: Perhaps the other thing thats important than a trend that we see is that together with our partner, which is British Telecom in this case and our ISP partner Packet Mobile this was sold as a managed service to Royal Mail which is I think way that our customers are increasingly interested in consuming these solutions.
Tim Mulrooney: Okay. I know Honeywell won the U.S. Post Office PDA business in 2014, I assume they competed for the Royal Mail business as well, are there any key differentiators in your product or service offering that you can point to that you think really helped you win this Royal Mail business?
Joe Heel: Yes. Joe Heel again, in this case we know that the selection process had several levels, and we know that Honeywell didnt kind of proceed based on the product portfolio. So the product portfolio in this case, our breadth of Android capabilities was very instrumental in our ability to secure the business.
Tim Mulrooney: Got it. Stepping away from the large deals, I am wondering if you can talk about how the run-rate business performed in the second quarter?
Anders Gustafsson: The run-rate business is actually very strong. It grew quite nicely. It didnt grow quite as fast as the large deals, but the run-rate business grew very well with our printer business, our data capture business and a good chunk of our mobile computer business really is run-rate business and that performed very well across the board, across all geographies.
Tim Mulrooney: Was it up year-over-year?
Anders Gustafsson: Yes, it was up healthily.
Tim Mulrooney: Okay, got it. Thank you. And then the last one, this one is probably for Mike. I am wondering if Mike you gave us an understanding of what we should expect for the cost-cutting targets for 2016, where do you expect to be at on a run-rate basis by the end of 2015? Thank you.
Mike Smiley: I think, if you look at our guidance for the third quarter that would give you an indication, although I think the synergies will continue to improve even in the fourth quarter. The challenge is  so lot of the selling synergies have already been captured in our expense and reflected in our forecast. The procurement benefits that we have talked about are primarily going to rollout more in the fourth quarter as we go forward. So, the guidance I think we gave for the third quarter is it gives you an idea about where we expect margins to be generally towards the back half of the year.
Anders Gustafsson: We will take our next question please.
Operator: Our next question is from Andrew Spinola from Wells Fargo.
Andrew Spinola: Thanks. I wanted to ask just more high level on the OS transition that you have been mentioning during the call. We have been sort of trying to figure out whats driving the strong growth that youve shown for the last six quarters and guided to here in Q3. And I know part of its been the OS transition but it sounds to me while listening to you that maybe were a little bit earlier in this OS transition than I thought. Can you maybe give us a sense of in what inning we are and what sort of growth you can see in 16 and beyond from the OS transition?
Anders Gustafsson: Yes. First, Id say the growth that weve seen has come from basically all our product lines. Printers which is not really tied to any OS upgrade, has grown very nicely. Data capture portfolio has been growing very nicely. The OS migration is really exclusively an issue for our mobile computer business. But even there, weve seen a lot of growth that are not tied to that. So the growth drivers that we have seen has been very substantial and I will just go through a couple of other growth drivers before Ill touch on the OS migration. But I think the whole Better Together for Zebra is paying results. We are seeing many more cross-selling opportunities. We are selling, say, if you have an installed accounts, installed base account, with one product, we now have much better success of selling one or two more products into that account. We are seeing our channel partners being much more eager to sell the entire portfolio of products. So we see very good overall performance of growth and how we have executed on this strategy that we set out. Now, the OS migration is somewhat unique. Its driven by some of the older existing OS today widely deployed that are going to be taken out of service for  in some years. This means that basically, a lot of our customers will need to find an upgrade path between now and the next several years. And we are  our approach to this is to make sure that we are OS agnostic. We want to work with our customers to figure out what is the best upgrade path for them, for all intents and purposes, they have two upgrade paths. They can go to Windows 10 or they can go to Android. We now have a strong lead with Android and we try to capitalize on that but were also working very hard to make sure we have the full portfolio products to engage with our customers. And Id also ask Joe to fill in a few more bits here.
Joe Heel: Yes, perhaps on the growth driver around mobile computing and the OS migration thats occurring there. The book end of the time line is really the end of service that has been announced for Windows CE and Windows Mobile, which 90% - over 90% of the install base today is on operating system. Thats in 2020. Based on that, were sort of seeing, to use our baseball analogy, maybe were in the third inning. There are clearly some early adopters that have already made the migration that Anders described. But the bulk of the migration we believe is still ahead of us. In total, we think there is over 15 million, of these mobile computers out there that are installed. And perhaps 10% of them have migrated so far. So that gives you a little bit of an idea of the timing.
Andrew Spinola: Thanks. Thats helpful. Then one question for Mike Smiley, you mentioned earlier in the call that on a constant currency basis, the business wouldve done a 19% EBITDA in the quarter and I know theres a lot of adjustments that occur throughout the end markets and the supply chain when FX changes. But longer term, with the price increases and other things on the cost side, how much of the FX impact can you reverse? So is 19% a relevant number because you can get back to that in time or does the FX impact remain as long as the dollar stays here? Thanks.
Mike Smiley: So, just as a reference point, so we announced the deal, the Euro was basically 1.33 and were basic roughly 1.10, 1.08. So as you can imagine, it has a big impact on our top line and our profitability. That said, we still expect at the end of three years, which is when we said and we announced the deal that we would get to the 18% to 20%. So, my point would be is even with that FX, we feel confident with the synergies that we are doing, with leverage on the business. In other words, our OpEx is going to grow at a slower rate than our revenue and thats because of a lot of integration efforts are going on. We still feel comfortable with the 18% to 20% that we quoted when we announced the deal even with the FX.
Anders Gustafsson: Yes, one point to add maybe here. Most of our competitors are dollar-denominated companies. And I would say pretty much everybodys supply chain is predominantly dollar-denominated. So, there is nobody who really gets a windfall by having a lot more cost in Europe, say. There is certainly some who have more costs in Europe, but its on the margin side. So I think that everybody is more or less in the same boat.
Joe Heel: And to that point, as again we mentioned a quarter or so ago that we increased the prices in Europe, nice thing is our business continues to grow very strongly even with those price increases. So I think thats another positive thing for our ability to drive towards the 18% to 20% EBITDA margin. Next question please.
Operator: Our next question is from Holden Lewis from Oppenheimer. 
Holden Lewis: Maybe switching over to the SG&A line, I think at the end of Q1, you said you are at a $50 million run rate in terms of the synergies. That equates to basically $12.5 million sort of down per quarter. In Q2, youre kind of at the same revenue stream, same revenue level as Q1. The costs were actually up a little bit. So I guess Im trying to get a sense of where did all those savings go? How come I cant see them a little bit more than model?
Mike Smiley: Well, I think a couple of things. Number one is in the first quarter and the second quarter we had a fair amount of cost that didnt come over. So, for example, we didnt have a full complement of finance people. So, when you look at our expense, even though some of these areas will increase as the year progressed that had relative to what the baseline was when we acquired the business, its still below what that baseline was, that pro forma number. The other piece is our top line continues to grow at a rate much faster than our OpEx, so that by definition, gives us our  helps us drive our margin improvement. I think one thing were trying to be clear on is that were driving towards net synergy improvement. So if you really look at it gross, we are doing very well on things weve identified but we need to make sure that after the increases that were still net $150 million of savings in Year two. So thats why youre sort of seeing not the savings in absolute dollars from the first quarter because some of those costs really didnt come over when we acquired the business.
Holden Lewis: Okay. And I guess you touched on my second question, obviously, you are spending on various elements of the business. Youve been open about that. But when you talk about that $150 million, you are referring to that as being a net number to the bottom line, right? Youre not talking about that being a gross number and then you plan on spending some of the windfall, if you will, so if the net number is more like $75 million or $100 million. I just want to make sure I am clear on exactly how you plan to utilize that $150 million?
Anders Gustafsson: So, the net number is what we expect to pull out of the business. And the target I would suggest you focus on is the EBITDA margin of 18% to 20%. So, the point would be is as we drive and are more successful in some of these synergies, we really want to invest it in the business. So, for example, we are continuing to invest in our mobile computer business to expand Android, to be able to provide good Windows solutions. So, its not like everything comes down necessarily to the bottom line in terms of dollars, but when we get the EBITDA margin of 18% to 20%, thats sort of the hard target, I think as an investor you should focus on.
Holden Lewis: Okay, thank you.
Anders Gustafsson: Next question please.
Operator: Its from Paul Coster from JPMorgan.
Paul Coster: Yes, thanks. Mike, perhaps you could just give us some sense of where you stand from a debt to EBITDA ratio level now and some investors are sort of looking to see whether you might perhaps start to allocate some capital to buybacks again. Under what circumstances, would you do that?
Mike Smiley: Our debt-to-EBITDA has improved modestly for obviously when we did the deal. Its  again, we have paid down $130 million. We see the second half that will continue to generate strong cash flows to further pay down our debt. But as far as buying back shares, I think we are, I dont want to say I think, we are absolutely committed to reducing our leverage to three times debt to EBITDA over the next three years. So, I dont think anybody should expect us to be buying back stock for the near term.
Paul Coster: Okay. I think, Anders, you mentioned that you went head-to-head in some smartphones for some contracts and of course we are pleased that you won. But of course, it also raises the question of how close was that? What is it that separates your mobile computing solutions from the smartphone off-the-shelf solutions?
Anders Gustafsson: So, there is a lot of things that separate us. One of the accounts we talked about was actually win back from that already installed, a very prominent smartphone and we were able to win them back to our platform. So, there was not any incumbent Zebra account. And the reason they did that was that they recognized that our total cost of ownership turns out to be much better. Our devices are much more designed for the used cases that these customers have particularly within the enterprise. So, a greater control of the operating system environment, a much greater security, control of the applications they use, the ruggedness of the device, you have battery life that lasts the entire shift. Many of these customers are also heavy scanner, use the device for scanning and our scan capability has much improved compared to any consumer device. So, we have probably 10 different features or functions that really distinguish us compared to our smartphone competitors.
Joe Heel: I would add two more, especially as for those customers who consider Android, remember there are two choices, Windows 10 and Android. On the  for those customers the consider Android, we have invested heavily in extensions to Android that ensure the security and the longevity of the platform. And those are key factors when people make decisions that they dont find to the same degree on consumer devices.
Paul Coster: Okay. My last question is I know that you still have a number of transfer service agreements that I think I might recall, with Motorola and you are keen to get itself off any dependencies where from an operational perspective, what is the status now?
Anders Gustafsson: We are making good  making very good progress. I think one thing that we just recently completed was implementing a single CRM program thats supporting the sales group. It gives Joe and his team visibility to the pipeline. So, as Joe was talking about visibility, I think one thing is we have integrated tool. That was his plan. I think generally, everything is on plan. We realize that this is a big task, but we have the right people working on it. So, I think we are generally on task for what we are looking to accomplish.
Paul Coster: Okay, thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We have a question from Keith Housum from Northcoast.
Keith Housum: Hey, guys. I appreciate the opportunity for follow-up. Mike just a little bit more clarification on the guidance and the revenue line,, I think on an organic basis, constant currency, you are talking revenue growth of 4% to 7%. In the quarter, we saw enterprise up 9% and printers up 11%. And I think you guys, easier comp in Asia and you have at least part of the World Mail deal going into the third quarter. I guess, help me understand why the revenue guidance is a little bit higher in the third quarter?
Mike Smiley: As a percentage of growth, obviously, the third quarter last year was much stronger. So, as we mentioned, the second half as far as year-over-year growth is going to be a little bit more difficult than the first half as we go forward. And I think we give a range because we know that some of these large deals are very binary. You either win them or you lose them. I think in the second quarter, we ended up winning a deal, which by the way, the customer requested or at least demanded, but they strongly requested that we deliver in the quarter, which was different than our forecasts. So, a lot of the stuff is very, very lumpy. I dont know if Joe or Anders if they have more color on the back half?
Anders Gustafsson: I think we believe that we started off with a very strong backlog. We had good backlog going into Q3 and bookings trends certainly support the guidance we have given, but also got to remember that Q3, particularly Q3 last year from an enterprise perspective, was a big bounce up from Q2. So, the comps are a little harder, but we still feel that we have very good sales momentum. The pipeline is very good for Q3 and for Q4 and beyond. So, we feel good about where we are from a revenue perspective. And if you go back to when we first combined the businesses, I think that was one of the big concerns that could we get growth out of the business. And I feel good about what we have been able to achieve so far in the trajectory we are on that we are growing healthily, we have been able to compete against the consumer devices and create a very solid, very profitable business.
Keith Housum: Okay. One follow-up, Anders, I think you said before that traditionally, your pipeline was like you saw 20% of your pipeline going into the quarter, is that number greater in the third quarter I guess what could you say that is?
Anders Gustafsson: It was a little stronger than what we would normally see, but we still have to win the majority of the business in the quarter. Its not like its orders of magnitude a bit different.
Keith Housum: Okay, alright. Thank you.
Operator: And we have no further questions and I will now turn the call back over to Dean Lindroth for closing comments.
Dean Lindroth: Thank you. This concludes our call for today. Thank you for joining us.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes todays conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q1  (2015-05-13 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Douglas A. Fox - Treasurer & Vice President-Investor Relations Anders Gustafsson - Chief Executive Officer & Director Michael C. Smiley - Chief Financial Officer Joachim Heel - Senior Vice President Sales
Analysts: Andrew C. Spinola - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Paul Coster - JPMorgan Securities LLC Brian P. Drab - William Blair & Co. LLC Saliq Jamil Khan - Imperial Capital LLC Jason A. Rodgers - Great Lakes Review Keith M. Housum - Northcoast Research Partners LLC
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Zebra Technologies First Quarter 2015 Earnings Release Conference Call. Joining us from Zebra Technologies are Anders Gustafsson, CEO; Mike Smiley, CFO; Joe Heel, Senior Vice President, Global Sales; and Doug Fox, Vice President, Investor Relations. All lines will be in a listen-only mode until after today's presentation. Instructions will be given at that time in order to ask a question. At the request of Zebra Technologies, this conference call is being recorded. Should anyone have any objections, please disconnect at this time. I would now like to introduce Mr. Doug Fox of Zebra Technologies. Sir, you may begin.
Douglas A. Fox - Treasurer & Vice President-Investor Relations: Thank you. Good morning. Thank you for joining us today. Certain statements made on this call will relate to future events or circumstances and therefore, will be forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as expect, believe and anticipate are a few examples of words identifying a forward-looking statement. Forward-looking information is subject to various risks and uncertainties, which could significantly affect expected results. Risk factors were noted in the news release we issued this morning and are also described in Zebra's latest 10-K, which is on file with the SEC. Now, I'd like to turn the call over to Anders Gustafsson for some opening remarks.
Anders Gustafsson - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you, Doug, and good morning, everyone. I'm very pleased to report on our first full quarter as One Zebra as positive momentum and solid execution led to robust financial results. Sales of $899 million excluding purchase accounting adjustments exceeded our guidance and represented 11% growth on a constant currency basis. Several large deals and a steady strong run rate business pushed sales meaningfully above our guidance. Non-GAAP net income totaled $1.39 per share, favorable gross margins and continued prudent management of operating expenses led to adjusted EBITDA of $152 million or 17% of sales. We also made meaningful progress on our synergy integration and growth goals. Our commitment to our near-term priorities has led to improved performance, deeper engagements with strategic customers and a growing number of opportunities in the pipeline. In addition, our diversity across solutions, customers, industries and geographies provides great resiliency to our business. To-date, we have achieved $50 million in cost synergies on an annualized basis, related to the acquisition. In addition to completing the sales force consolidation in order to present a solid, unified approach to the customer, we have merged several facilities, rationalized a part of our supply chain organization and achieved cost savings from reducing the number of services provided under the transition services agreement with Motorola. This progress reinforces our confidence in our capacity to meet or exceed our long-term growth, profit and debt leverage objectives. Let me now share some highlights from the first quarter. Growth in legacy Zebra remained high. Sales increased 15% from a year-ago and was up 19% in constant currency from the continuation of an active run rate business and large deal activity. North America and EMEA demonstrated the strongest results and we continued to experience success with our mid-range desktop and mobile printers. In addition, the supplies business grew in every region with notable activity in wristband sales. Profitability in the pre-transaction business increased as well. Our actions over the past few years to optimize our supply chain and improve demand forecasting have enabled us to lower inbound freight costs. In supplies, an improved mix of business contributed to higher profitability. In its first full quarter as part of Zebra, Enterprise performed well as sales increased 6% on a constant currency basis. Data capture experienced its second strongest quarter ever, thanks to healthy run rate business and a significant number of large deals with particular interest in our recently introduced 2D bioptic scanners. Our Android mobile computing solutions continued to gain traction with retail, transportation and logistics, and healthcare accounts. Sales in Asia also improved. Our efforts to reengage channel partners have resulted in a renewed confidence in our team, most notably in China where sales of Enterprise products were up sharply. Location Solutions posted its best quarter ever as companies understand that the analytics enabled by our solutions can improve their operations. Tracking real time data and player performance, Zebra's Sports Solution has expanded with the National Football League and will be installed in every stadium by the start of the 2015 pre-season. Professional football has been an excellent showcase for our Location Solutions business as this engagement has generated new leads and opportunities across multiple industries including industrial manufacturing. As a proof point, we were selected as one of Boeing's suppliers of the year where Zebra's Painter Fall Protection solution was recognized for preventing worker injury. Innovation, the cornerstone of our business for decades remains strong. At the ProMat Manufacturing Conference in April, we released the new ZQ500 series of mobile printers, which are lightweight, rugged, and designed for a variety of field applications. Our Android-based MC40 mobile computer was featured during the HIMSS Healthcare Conference for its durability, integrated voice solution, and disinfectant tolerant coating. We also introduced the RFD8500 sled which easily transforms any mobile device into an enterprise-class RFID reader. We are very pleased with the strong operating results for the first quarter, which is a testament to the dedication of our employees and the support of our channel partners and customers. Favorable underlying trends exist in the business as companies seek a strategic partner like Zebra to continue to reach higher levels of productivity and better customer experience. Aided by the secular trends of cloud computing, mobility and Internet of Things, Zebra is well positioned to create long-term value for its shareholders. I will now turn the call over to our CFO, Mike Smiley, who will provide more details on our quarterly financial results and outlook for the second quarter. I will then conclude our prepared remarks with an update on our strategic priorities for 2015.
Michael C. Smiley - Chief Financial Officer: Thank you, Anders. Please note that my comments will refer primarily to non-GAAP financial results which we have provided in the press release we issued today. In addition, we will focus on our future performance primarily on a non-GAAP basis. Before I focus on year-over-year changes, let me spend a moment on the sequential sales progression. For the first quarter, the strong sales rate in printing and supplies remained steady compared with the seasonal decline that we have historically experienced. In addition, Location Solutions had a spike in sales which is related to revenue recognition for installations of our Sports Tracking Solution. First quarter sales also included the seasonal increase in revenue from Hart Systems. Enterprise also performed well. Year-over-year, total sales for the company amounted to $899 million. On a pre-transaction basis, Zebra sales increased 15% to $331 million. The Enterprise business contributed $567 million excluding a reduction of $5.6 million for purchase accounting adjustments. On a pro forma basis, Enterprise sales were essentially unchanged from a year ago and up 6% in constant currency. Overall, our performance came in as a result from strength in both North America and EMEA across both channels and direct customers, including continuing strong run-rate demand. In North America, sales totaled $443 million. Shipments to retail customers were notably strong as we experienced large deals for printers, mobile computers, and data capture solutions. We gained traction in healthcare as Zebra's tools and solutions help providers with patient identification, specimen tracking, and medication management. These applications remain attractive for growth as they are still in the early stages of adoption. EMEA sales of $291 million reflect very strong growth in printers, primarily through distribution as well as solid performance of Enterprise products. Wireless LAN also outperformed as we continue to place marketing emphasis on our best-in-class solutions. In Latin America, sales were $53 million. A weak macroeconomic environment particularly in Brazil combined with unfavorable movements in currency, pressured sales in the region. Nonetheless, strength in Mexico from an improving manufacturing sector offset this weakness. We were awarded large deals for printers, mobile computers and wireless LAN. Sales in Asia Pacific were $106 million, as shipments to customers in transportation and logistics and healthcare offset some softness in manufacturing for printer products. Data capture, desktop printers and supplies outperformed in the region, as channel partners are reengaging with Zebra, particularly in China. First quarter gross margin was 46.3%. Enterprise products have historically carried slightly lower gross margins than legacy Zebra products. The gross margin on legacy Zebra products was slightly higher than a year ago. Gross margin on services declined from a year ago, principally from higher cost on certain product repairs and an unfavorable mix of products repaired, as well as higher cost on the implementation of certain wireless LAN installations. Operating expenses of $276 million, excluding stock-based compensation, were favorable to our guidance. The lower than expected expenses are principally due to timing of hiring. For the quarter, we recorded $27 million of foreign exchange loss, which reflects the change in value of unhedged net monetary assets associated with the Enterprise business. During the second quarter, we will be implementing balance sheet hedging for the Enterprise business, which will contribute to substantially lowering the volatility of foreign currency movements on net monetary assets. Cash interest expense for the quarter totaled $46.4 million. The expense reflects the increase in debt related to funding the Enterprise acquisition. Non-GAAP net income totaled $1.39 per share. Adjusted EBITDA for the first quarter was $152 million, or 17% of sales. Turning to the balance sheet, we ended the quarter with $330 million in cash. Very recently, we repaid $30 million of our term loan, which brings the total repayments so far this year to $80 million. In April, we put the mechanisms in place to enable us to efficiently tap foreign sources of cash, which will be used to pay down debt further. Now, I'll present our guidance for the second quarter of 2015. We expect solid momentum to continue into the second quarter. The pipeline of large opportunities for the remainder of the year looks very healthy. For the second quarter, we expect total sales in the range of $865 million to $895 million, for year-over-year growth of 2% to 6% on a pro forma basis. On a pro forma constant currency basis, the growth equates to 9% to 13%. As a reminder, we currently have approximately 25% of sales booked in euros. Our sales guidance reflects continued strong underlying business trends in the core Zebra and Enterprise segments, yet without the benefit of significant contributions from Locations Solutions and Hart. Our guidance also incorporates a minor sequential FX headwind. In late April, we implemented a price increase on euro-denominated sales. The initial effect of the increase has not had a meaningful impact on our business, which is consistent with our expectations. It will have a minor positive effect on second quarter sales, with a more pronounced impact in the second half of this year. Combined with our trajectory on sales and cost synergies, we expect to offset much of the currency headwinds that are affecting the business in the near term. We expect non-GAAP earnings for the second quarter in the range of $1 to $1.25. This forecast assumes gross margin in the range of 45.5% to 46.5%. Operating expenses are expected between $293 million and $298 million, including stock-based compensation expense of $11.4 million. The increase in operating expenses from the first quarter reflects expected head count additions that did not occur in the first quarter and annual merit increases. Taken together, operating expenses for the first half of 2015 are in line with our plan and expectations. First quarter EBITDA reflects good progress on our synergy efforts and we are close to our goal of achieving an 18% to 20% EBITDA margin. Today, we have captured approximately $50 million in run rate savings and remain on track to achieve our target of $150 million of run rate synergies by the end of 2016. In addition, we believe the potential exists to achieve even more synergies beyond the two-year timeframe. For the second quarter, we project adjusted EBITDA in the range of $130 million to $145 million. We expect second quarter cash interest expense of $48 million. Thank you for your attention. I will now turn the call back to Anders for some closing remarks.
Anders Gustafsson - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you, Mike. Our results for the first quarter and outlook for the second quarter demonstrate the growing strength of the Zebra brand, our focus on execution, and that we are better together. We are participating in more high-level discussions with our customers, as the breadth of our portfolio positions Zebra as a more strategic partner to meet their asset visibility and business productivity needs. At the same time, we are earning more business from our global channel partners, with leading in mobile computing, printing and data capture hardware as well as supplies. We are encouraged by the direction in wireless LAN, RFID and Location Solutions, and the opportunities that are developing in services. Going forward, we have three strategic priorities that we believe will drive shareholder value: first, growth; second, execution; and third, cultural and business transformation. Beginning with growth, we are focused on five initiatives: engaging more deeply with strategic accounts; leveraging cross-selling opportunities; supporting Android adoption; expanding supplies in wireless LAN; and building the services business. Let me touch upon a couple of these areas. Our initial efforts to pursue cross-selling opportunities are already proving effective. As an example, we recently received a product order from a large global specialty retailer, a historical Zebra customer for mobile computers, RFID sleds and various printers. Additionally, our status as the preferred printer partner for a major North American healthcare provider resulted in a large award for MC40 mobile computers and scanners. Zebra acted as a trusted advisor by working with the customer to understand their business needs, recognizing their goals and advising them on products and solutions that can improve workflow and patient safety. Android adoption continues at pace. Zebra is, by far, the leader in Android-based mobile computers and continues to expand the industry's broadest portfolio with our recent launch of the TC75 Enterprise-class mobile computer. Bookings for Android products are up nicely. We also have strong product momentum, with several customers notably in postal, transportation and logistics, and retail. We are also supporting further adoption by establishing a program to help independent software vendors transition their customers to the Android platform. For services, we are approaching an important milestone with the upcoming launch of our new support services portfolio known as Zebra OneCare. Designed to include the best of both service programs, Zebra OneCare will offer enhanced support to ensure reliable and consistent performance. We are especially excited about our asset visibility platform and online reporting solution, which provides customers and partners with the identification, location, condition, status and history of their valued assets. Our second priority is execution. Our focus on operational excellence has already led to significant improvements in meeting repair service agreement levels and reengaging with channel partners to grow our business in China. We also made progress on integrating IT systems to streamline Zebra's workflow and closing several items provided under our transition services agreement. Our final priority is cultural and business transformation. A vital element in this transformation is our relationship and engagement with our channel partners, through which approximately 80% of our global business flows. Last week, we launched the framework for our new combined channel partner program during our Global Partner Summit in Las Vegas. The event attracted nearly 1,000 partners from around the world and gave us the opportunity to communicate our vision for enterprise asset intelligence and provide clarity on our go-to-market strategy. At the conference, we also launched two important channel initiatives: one, to drive growth in services; and a second, to develop, test and sell software applications. Feedback from our partners has been very positive, and we look forward to working closely together to help each other succeed. We will use the remainder of 2015 to put into place the infrastructure that supports our new channel program which will become effective in early 2016. To build a strong, vibrant, customer-focused culture that celebrates the rich histories of both companies, we continue to promote our shared values of integrity, respect, collaboration, agility and innovation. We will be working throughout 2015 and beyond to foster a culture focused on delighting our customers and creating shareholder value over the long-term, by becoming the clear industry-leader in delivering enterprise asset intelligence solutions. As part of the transformation process, we have brought more Zebra personnel together. To-date, we have consolidated facilities including offices located in Singapore, Stockholm and Milan, plans to streamline additional operations through facilities, consolidation have already been announced and will be implemented over the next several months. And in the U.S., we relocated to our new global headquarters in Lincolnshire, Illinois. So, 1,000 employees in the Chicago area can now work side-by-side to collaborate and achieve our vision of creating a smarter, more connected global business community. We also took several key actions to signify the two businesses coming together as one Zebra. We are excited about the recent launch of Zebra's new brand and logo. The new digitized Zebra head represents our culture and core values as bold, innovative and forward-thinking. I am proud of the progress we have already made in 2015 and even more excited about the future opportunities for growth and value creation. Zebra is well-positioned to benefit from important technology trends in mobility, cloud computing and the Internet of Things. The ability to sense, analyze and act on information in real-time is enabling companies to gain deeper insights into their operations and assets with the ultimate goals of improving workflow and delivering a better customer experience. Zebra has a tremendous opportunity to shape this future. As we move to a smarter, more connected world, our unique set of capabilities is unmatched in driving asset visibility and meeting our customers' needs in enterprise asset intelligence. Thank you for your support of Zebra. I look forward to further sharing our progress as the year unfolds. And now, I would like to turn the call back to Doug for Q&A.
Douglas A. Fox - Treasurer & Vice President-Investor Relations: Thank you, Anders. Before we open the call to your questions, let me ask that you limit yourself to one question and one follow-up. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And we will now begin the question-and-answer session. From Wells Fargo, we have Andrew Spinola online. Please go ahead.
Andrew C. Spinola - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thank you. The revenue growth in the legacy Zebra business is quite strong in the quarter. I know we've talked in prior quarters about the possibility of revenue synergies and other benefits from this acquisition. I'm wondering if you could maybe break down that revenue growth a little bit and help us understand, is it market growth, is it synergies? What are some of the things driving the double-digit growth in legacy Zebra?
Anders Gustafsson - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. I'll start a little bit more broadly then I'll ask Joe to provide a little bit more detail behind it. But first quarter, I said demand was just very strong throughout the quarter. Typically, we see a bit of a decline between Q4 and Q1, but that did not happen in this quarter. And the quarter was somewhat more back-end loaded maybe also. But nearly all our products and geographies came in slightly better than expected. So, we were very pleased with how it all  the overall performance of the business.
Joachim Heel - Senior Vice President Sales: And this is Joe. Speaking in the Zebra business in particular, we have a combination of a very large portion of what we call the run rate business, businesses transacted typically through distribution and project business. And the run rate business is something that we've been quite successful at building up strongly and our largest geographies, North America and EMEA in particular were built on a very solid foundation of a stronger run rate business than we've had even in recent past. And on top of that, we were able to secure some large wins that enabled us to reach the result that you saw.
Anders Gustafsson - Chief Executive Officer & Director: I'd add one more thing maybe also  one of the value propositions that we had set out for the combined company was better together. And I think we do see good examples of how that's playing out. We have examples of Enterprise customers who are now buying more printer products from us, because we are able to position ourselves broader. We have better access to the senior executives or management from our customers. And similarly on the other side, we see examples where Zebra had great relationships and positions and can help to pull in some Enterprise products. So, the revenue synergies from  they're better together  is working. It's a little hard to put the specific numbers behind it, but we feel very good about how that's coming together.
Andrew C. Spinola - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Got it. And then, one follow-up. The mid-point of your guidance implies about 140 basis point decline sequentially in EBITDA margin. And, I guess, I would've thought maybe something more flattish given that you're going to have a full quarter of synergies, potentially some additional synergies, et cetera. What's driving the lower EBITDA margin in Q2? Is it mix? Is it FX? What are some of the impacts? Thank you.
Michael C. Smiley - Chief Financial Officer: Yes. This is Mike Smiley. So, I mean, one thing that happens is we have historically in the second quarter we have merit increase which increases our OpEx. We also intend on spending just a little bit more in marketing as we've come together as a new company and find that to be strategically important for us. Along the same lines, we also have  in the first quarter, we had tremendous gross margins. As Anders pointed out, we've been able to improve the operational efficiency of our supply chain in part by improving our forecasting which reduced our freight and such. And I think that all those things sort of  in the first quarter, we sort of hit on all cylinders. And I think we're not  we don't expect every quarter to go quite as well as it did in the first quarter. And then, we do have a little bit of FX headwind Q2 versus Q1.
Andrew C. Spinola - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Got it. Thank you very much.
Michael C. Smiley - Chief Financial Officer: Yeah.
Operator: From JPMorgan, we have Paul Coster online. Please go ahead.
Paul Coster - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Yes, thanks for taking the question. It seems that it's a limited sample size, but it looks like you've grown faster than the sum of your channel partners. And I'm wondering why that might be. Is it that your category is very appealing to them, where other categories are not, or are you capturing share of the channel at the moment? Any thoughts on that will be helpful. Thank you.
Anders Gustafsson - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. I think, first, I'd say we are doing very well across all our go-to-market channels. So direct and indirect. But we're certainly doing well and growing with our indirect partners. One thing that you should remember though is that we don't have totally overlapping product portfolios. So when somebody announces barcode and POS, we only participate in the barcode part of that. POS is not a large piece. So it's still hard to say exactly which parts are growing the fastest, when you compare between us. But we are doing very well with partners and we also have a broader footprint than most of our global distribution partners in that we serve all four geographies and we have few of our partners  few of our global distribution partners have a global footprint also.
Michael C. Smiley - Chief Financial Officer: Yeah. And...
Paul Coster - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Because you also  sorry, yeah.
Joachim Heel - Senior Vice President Sales: Well, I was just going to add that some of our distribution partners have recently gone through some transitions in their internal systems, which have slowed some of their sales unnaturally. But our business with them remains very strong. The other part beyond what Anders said is that many of our distribution partners, even outside of the barcoding space have broad portfolios in Enterprise IT, and the Enterprise IT space relative to our space is definitely slower than our space. We're seeing good growth. But I would also add and we have some recent wins that would suggest us that we are successful in gaining some share and that is also helping us with our performance relative to some of those  what the distribution partners are seeing.
Paul Coster - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thanks for that. And one quick follow-up, which is that you've always stressed innovation, Anders, and you did so again today. Can you talk to us a little bit about the new product cadence with the combined company and whether it will accelerate after a certain point? And also, what percentage of revenue is now coming from products that were introduced in the last year or any metrics that kind of give us a sense of the freshness of your portfolio? Thank you.
Anders Gustafsson - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. So, I have the statistics, I guess, on the printer side. I think new printers, which we're going to say 18 months old, I think that was very attractive at  I think it was like 14%, 15% for this quarter. I'm going off memory now, but it's in that ballpark, it was up from prior quarters. I don't have that statistic yet for the Enterprise business, but we are keeping a very high pace on innovation on both sides. I think the market has come back stronger and we see that there's lot of opportunities and we need to have a high cadence to be able to address all our customer requirements. But we are also spending a lot of time together between the different development organizations to both harmonize development processes but also to make sure that we come up with new innovative ways where we can really demonstrate that we are better together. So I expect the cadence of innovation to continue to be very high and very attractive.
Paul Coster - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thank you.
Operator: From William Blair, we have Brian Drab on line. Please go ahead.
Brian P. Drab - William Blair & Co. LLC: Good morning. I just wanted to first ask about the cost synergies and what do you expect the run rate in savings to be by the end of 2015? And could you elaborate on what you meant by  I think you used the phrasing, more synergies in future years, is that more beyond the $150 million?
Michael C. Smiley - Chief Financial Officer: Yeah. So, Brian, I think we've been saying that by the end of the year, we'll have $70 million-ish at the end of the year. I wouldn't be surprised if we do slightly better than that. I think we're on a good run rate so far. The synergies beyond two years we expect to sort of have our ERP system integrated by the end of two years. And I think the value of that will allow us to sort of be working on one system, which will take a little bit of burden off of the backend, it supports all of our work. And so we expect to have some further modest improvement as a result of being on one ERP system.
Brian P. Drab - William Blair & Co. LLC: And that's potential upside of $150 million?
Michael C. Smiley - Chief Financial Officer: Yes. Yes.
Brian P. Drab - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay. And then one more question on pricing actions. I think you mentioned some price actions taken at some of your euro-denominated sales. But can you talk more about pricing actions more broadly in the first quarter, magnitude of price increases, timing of those actions, which portions of the portfolio did it affect and how they've been received?
Anders Gustafsson - Chief Executive Officer & Director: I'll start and then I'll have Joe also help me in here a bit. We announced a price increase in Europe late in March, and it took effect late in April after four weeks. So we gave our partners time to kind of adjust. We've seen bookings continue to do well since we increased the product prices. And we expect for many of our products the stickiness will be very high. So run rate products like printers and data capture devices particularly where we don't have a lot of large deals with price exceptions, there we expect that we will see high stickiness. For some of the, say, mobile computers where we have more deals, we will try to make sure that we are working those in a way where we capture those price increases also, but they're just going to be a little more driven by the deals and the competitive environment in each of those deals.
Brian P. Drab - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: From Imperial Capital, we have Saliq Khan on line. Please go ahead.
Saliq Jamil Khan - Imperial Capital LLC: Thank you, all. Hey, good morning, guys. I'm speaking on behalf of Jeff Kessler as well. A couple of quick questions that we had for you is particularly within China that you guys have previously mentioned. How is the push by the Chinese government to increase both the use and the sales of the domestic products impacting both the conversations as well as the growth strategy within that region?
Anders Gustafsson - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yes. I think the Chinese government has been trying to promote, I guess, in different ways domestic brands, domestic solutions for some time. I don't feel like there's been a big difference for us in the last few years. We differentiate by having a better technical solution, more robust solution. I think that people who buy our solutions do it because they do a lot of testing and they see that they can get more productivity out of our solutions. We obviously have several local competitors that are fighting hard, but I would say they tend to be very much at the low end where they have some specific agency or something like that where they have some relationships that give them a strength. But we're coming at this from a broader market perspective and we're trying to put a  go back to the innovation, cadence of innovation that is so high that we're always going to be fresh and have new things. And we're also trying to work very hard on making sure that we have a cost position where we can be competitive. We never want to win on price in China. But we want to be able to compete. And we generally can get a premium of 10% to 20% in the market.
Joachim Heel - Senior Vice President Sales: I would add perhaps, our developments in China, as Anders mentioned earlier in the commentary, has been overwhelming and very strong positive trend this quarter relative to prior years. That has significantly to do with our ability to regain the confidence of the channel partners in that region. And we have not seen an adverse effect from the local competition. The local competition in China is stronger than in other regions. I think there's no doubt about that. But it has not impeded our ability to regain that confidence of the partners and capture growth in that region as we have seen.
Saliq Jamil Khan - Imperial Capital LLC: What's interesting is that you guys just talked about, I guess, my follow-up question. The comment is that you talked about aiming for better solutions within that region. If you kind of look at what you guys have done over the last several years and from the acquisition that we saw of LaserBand back in 2010, the recent acquisition of the Motorola Enterprise business, you've acquired  successfully acquired a lot of technologies. As we're looking out as you guys are really looking at the overall portfolio, what technologies are present out there right now that you believe could amplify the overall portfolio as you are looking at over the next 12 months to 24 months?
Anders Gustafsson - Chief Executive Officer & Director: You are asking if there are other things, I mean, other technologies that will be good for us to add to our portfolio? Is that...?
Saliq Jamil Khan - Imperial Capital LLC: Exactly. What technologies do you need to be able to amplify your overall portfolio?
Anders Gustafsson - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, I think we feel that we have a very complete portfolio. There is certainly nothing of any significant scale that we see that's missing. If we were to look at any kind of technology acquisition at this stage, it will be small tuck-ins. Our priority also now goes towards paying down our debt and we all have a lot of management bandwidth to go after other acquisitions. But I feel our portfolio is very complete. The small technology tuck-ins could be of interest, but otherwise I don't see us needing to do anything significant.
Saliq Jamil Khan - Imperial Capital LLC: Thank you.
Operator: From Great Lakes Review, we have David Stratton on line. Please go ahead.
Jason A. Rodgers - Great Lakes Review: Hi. It's Jason Rodgers for Dave. Just some questions, Mike, some number questions. Your estimate for CapEx and the tax rate for 2015?
Michael C. Smiley - Chief Financial Officer: Yeah. The effective tax rate, the P&L should be around 22%. I think the cash tax rate will be closer to 35-ish% for the year. You'll see over time that those will converge closer to 22% over a three-year, four-year period. CapEx will probably be around $60 million, $70 million. It's a little bit higher than we've talked about before. I think the ERP implementation is going to take a little bit more in the first year than we had been thinking in the past.
Jason A. Rodgers - Great Lakes Review: And then, the impact of FX on operating income on an adjusted basis?
Michael C. Smiley - Chief Financial Officer: Versus  you are looking compared to what?
Jason A. Rodgers - Great Lakes Review: Just trying to get the year-over-year impact currency had if you use your adjusted figures?
Michael C. Smiley - Chief Financial Officer: Year-over-year, again, we're on a sort of pro forma basis, as Anders mentioned, our revenue growth as we showed nominally was 4%. It would've been 11% if it wasn't for FX. Our gross margin of 46% would've been probably about 3% higher than our nominal numbers. Our OpEx, on a constant currency basis, really isn't affected dramatically based on FX rates.
Jason A. Rodgers - Great Lakes Review: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: From Northcoast Research, we have Keith Housum on line. Please go ahead.
Keith M. Housum - Northcoast Research Partners LLC: Great. Guys, good morning. Thanks for taking my call. First off, congratulations on a great quarter and solid guidance. It's great to see how things are playing out.
Anders Gustafsson - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
Keith M. Housum - Northcoast Research Partners LLC: The question I want to ask was regarding your services. If I'm looking on a pro forma basis, the services weren't increasing as much as the products, and then the services margins were lower. And I think you addressed that a little bit saying you had an implementation about wireless networks that were hurting margins there. But first off, can you give a little more color on services in terms of your expectations for growth for like the rest of the year, as well as where do you think margins fall out going forward?
Anders Gustafsson - Chief Executive Officer & Director: So, I'll start, and then I'll ask Smiley to help out also here. First, we think we're very excited about the services business. We believe we have great opportunities. And on a year-over-year basis, we had some very large deals in Q1 2014 that we did not  that weren't replicated in Q1 of 2015. But we have improved the performance of our service business in many ways. Our service repair performance is now performing in line with our service level agreements, we have offered a number of new services to the market like Zebra OneCare and our Asset Visibility platforms. We have made meaningful investments in the first quarter in strengthening our services sales organization, so we put more people on the front line who can articulate our service offerings and value propositions and make sure that they are part of the overall discussions with our customers and not just the hardware side. And we see the pipeline for services is improving. So, over the longer term, I think we're very optimistic about our opportunity to grow our services business.
Michael C. Smiley - Chief Financial Officer: To the question of profitability, I think, in the first quarter, we had a couple of things that sort of moved against us on the services side. First was a good portion of our revenue is repair fix, and what we found was the products that required repairing were a mix of higher-cost repair items. Along the same lines, some of those product repair costs were a little bit higher than they have been in the past. And the other thing is that in certain of our installation projects, the cost for some of those implementations have run higher than we would expect. I think that the results in the first quarter were somewhat of an anomaly in that regard and we would expect them to improve going forward.
Keith M. Housum - Northcoast Research Partners LLC: So, will we expect the services to have gross margins in the 30% to 35% range on a going forward basis, just in general terms?
Michael C. Smiley - Chief Financial Officer: Yes. I think you'll definitely see them improve from where they are and I don't think that would be unreasonable though. As Anders said, we've seen really nice improvement in sort of working to build up a better business. That said, I think we still have some exciting things to certainly improve that business and drive higher margins. A part of the margin impact will be a function of mix is the  how much of that is going to be repaired  break, fix and how much is going to be managed services or how much is going to be installation. And so it's difficult to be very precise going forward by virtue of the mix and where that business goes.
Keith M. Housum - Northcoast Research Partners LLC: Okay. Maybe just a follow-up question in the services realm. As you guys move up I guess the value chain of the services, is there the risk here of competing with your value-added resellers? And I guess how are you managing that?
Anders Gustafsson - Chief Executive Officer & Director: In services, that is a risk and we're working very closely with our partners to figure out how can we do this in a way that  first and foremost, we're looking for ways where they can participate. So it's not so much that we are offering a service and try to cut them out. But we're offering a service and they can sell it, they can be part of the value chain, some of it they can deliver and we can deliver some backend services. So as we're trying to be very careful and thoughtful about how do we make sure that we deliver or develop service offerings where there's room for our channel partners also. And since many of our channel partners aren't really all that excited about offering services, they would much rather resell some of our paper. But there are certain examples you'll see themselves having a service capability. And it's obviously also not a requirement for them to sell our services. They can still sell their services if they have good service offerings and the customers like them.
Joachim Heel - Senior Vice President Sales: At the partner conference that we just held, this was a big theme and we made a very strong statement and a big commitment that our services strategy is with and through partners. And the two service lines that Anders mentioned, the Zebra OneCare as well as the Asset Visibility platform, are both services that are designed to be sold through channel partners and co-delivered with channel partners. That's what really what they are interested in is the ability to co-deliver, to have some support from us, some technology and infrastructure, and then to co-deliver their services alongside that. They see us and that's what we're stressing and did stress at the partner conference, the ability and the willingness to do this with the partners.
Keith M. Housum - Northcoast Research Partners LLC: Okay. Great. Thanks a lot. I'll jump back in the queue.
Operator: From Wells Fargo, we do have a follow-up from Andrew Spinola. Please go ahead.
Andrew C. Spinola - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thank you. Can you give us some guidance in terms of how to think about the cadence of deleveraging going forward? Is there a cash balance that you are going to look to maintain and anything over that will be used to pay down debt or is there another way to think about it?
Michael C. Smiley - Chief Financial Officer: Yes. So, we do carry more cash than we expect, and my sense is it will be somewhere in the $150 million to $175 million. I will tell you we're trying to be careful about how rapidly we repay the term loan in the sense that we're still getting comfortable with the cash flows of the combined business. As you recall, the Enterprise business never had stand-alone cash flows. And so, we're pulling together the mechanics to get that and to forecast it. So, we will be a little bit conservative in getting there so that we don't find ourselves short or anything like that.
Andrew C. Spinola - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Got it. And, Mike, I think you made the comment that cash interest expense be flat to slightly up this quarter. And I was just wondering why that would be the case if you've paid down another $30 million?
Michael C. Smiley - Chief Financial Officer: Well, there's another piece to this because we do have interest rate swaps which will start kicking in a little bit, and that will drive up our effective interest rate a tad.
Andrew C. Spinola - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. And then last one from me. There was  I think there was about a $49 million cash outflow related to the acquisition. I'm assuming that's a working capital true-up. So, is that the last we're going to see in terms of cash outflows for this acquisition?
Michael C. Smiley - Chief Financial Officer: Yeah, it should be.
Andrew C. Spinola - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: And from Northcoast Research, we have a follow-up from Keith Housum. Please go ahead.
Keith M. Housum - Northcoast Research Partners LLC: Thanks, guys. Andrew has actually took one of my questions. The last question I have for you. Can you remind us in terms of your backlog? I think you said the backlog is healthy looking into the second quarter. But how much of your backlog, I guess, accounts for your 2Q activity and how far to the future do you look  do you have visibility into your backlog?
Anders Gustafsson - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yes. So, when we look at the beginning of the quarter, say, we try to come up with a forecast and outlook for the quarter. Backlog going into the quarter is an important part of that, and that was a quarter  going into this quarter, our backlog was commensurate with the way we were in the first quarter and that supports the outlook and guidance we gave. But we also looked very carefully at the pipeline, what deals do we see, what commitments do we have from distribution partners and resellers for revenues that we'll deliver. So the backlog is an important part, but it is probably more in the 20% range of quarterly revenues. It's not a very large part of our total revenue.
Keith M. Housum - Northcoast Research Partners LLC: Got you. Thank you. Appreciate it.
Operator: We have no further questions at this time. I will now turn it back to you, Doug Fox, for closing comments.
Douglas A. Fox - Treasurer & Vice President-Investor Relations: On behalf of Zebra and its management team, I thank you for joining us today. We look forward to keeping you apprised of our progress as we move forward. And at the very latest, we'll talk to you at our second quarter call. Thank you very much. Bye-bye.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference. Thank you for joining. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q4  (2015-03-17 07:30:00) =====
Executives: Douglas A. Fox - Treasurer & Vice President-Investor Relations Anders Gustafsson - Chief Executive Officer & Director Dean Lindroth - Vice President of Finance, Zebra Technologies Joachim Heel - Senior Vice President Sales, Zebra Technologies Corporation
Analysts: Jeffrey Ted Kessler - Imperial Capital LLC Keith Michael Housum - Northcoast Research Partners LLC Brian P. Drab - William Blair & Co. LLC Jason A. Rodgers - Great Lakes Review Paul J. Chung - JPMorgan Securities LLC Donald M. Bisson - Century Capital Management LLC
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Zebra Technologies Q4 2014 Earnings Release Conference Call. Joining us from Zebra Technologies are Anders Gustafsson, CEO; Dean Lindroth, Vice President of Finance; Joe Heel, Senior Vice President; Mike Terzich, Senior Vice President, Global Sales and Marketing; and Doug Fox, Vice President of Investor Relations. All lines will be in a listen-only mode until after today's presentation. Instructions will be given at that time in order to ask a question. At the request of Zebra Technologies, this conference call is being recorded. Should anyone have any objections, please disconnect at this time. And I would now like to introduce Mr. Doug Fox of Zebra Technologies. Sir, you may begin.
Douglas A. Fox - Treasurer & Vice President-Investor Relations: Thank you. Good morning. Thank you for joining us today. Certain statements made on this call will relate to future events or circumstances and therefore will be forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as expect, believe and anticipate are a few examples of words identifying a forward-looking statement. Forward-looking information is subject to various risks and uncertainties, which could significantly affect expected results. Risk factors were noted in the news release we issued this morning and are also described in Zebra's latest 10-K, which is on file with the SEC. Now, I'd like to turn the call over to Anders Gustafsson for some opening remarks.
Anders Gustafsson - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you, Doug, and good morning, everyone. We are pleased to report strong fourth quarter sales topping off a defining and historic year for Zebra Technologies, and culminating with the closing of the acquisition of the Enterprise business of Motorola Solutions. We entered 2015 with positive momentum and the year is off to a strong start. Before I begin, I would like to note that CFO, Mike Smiley could not be with us today. Mike had an urgent family situation that requires his attention. To assist us in answering financial questions we have Vice President of Finance, Dean Lindroth, on the call. Also, I would like to welcome Joe Heel, our Senior Vice President of Global Sales to the call. Joe joined the company last September and is responsible for driving growth across the company's entire solutions portfolio. Now Joe is traveling internationally, and is having some difficulty dialing in, but we hope to have him join us for the Q&A. Joe brings a wealth of knowledge and experience in sales for technology and services companies and has played a key role as a sales leader in six mergers over his tenure. This experience will be invaluable as we focus on a successful integration and growing our combined business. For the fourth quarter, GAAP sales were $791 million with pre-transaction Zebra contributing a record $315 million and Enterprise adding $476 million in GAAP revenues for the two months post-closing. Overall Enterprise had a much improved quarter with pro forma sales for the entire period up approximately 14% sequentially, were substantially unchanged from the year ago. On a constant currency basis, fourth quarter Enterprise sales increased in the low single digits year-over-year for the second consecutive quarter. A healthy business environment and outstanding operational execution led to robust results across multiple dimensions of the company. In pre-transaction, Zebra broad-based strength advanced sales 11% year-over-year, with continued positive momentum in our run rate business, further fulfillment of large enterprise deals and wins from existing and new customers in small package delivery and transportation and logistics. All product categories grew with record shipments of desktop printers and notable activity in mobile and tabletop printers. In addition, supplies posted its best quarter ever. In Enterprise, we scored big wins from our retail and postal customers who deployed our Android-based mobility devices, 2D imagers and RFID solutions. Considerable interest in our wireless LAN solutions from distributors and channel partners was another positive development. Our progress on multiple fronts has positioned Zebra for success in 2015 and beyond. Let me highlight some key milestones that occurred this past year. First, Android made substantial progress during the year as the industry embraced the operating system as an effective alternative to Microsoft. We now refer to 2014 as the year of Android as sales of Android products increased more than 400% for the year. With strategic investments in Android beginning in 2011, we took an early lead over the competition by introducing products, now totaling seven, on the Android operating system. Customers have embraced the operating system and have responded positively to our semi-ruggedized durable devices that integrate voice, payment, inventory and assisted-selling capabilities. During the fourth quarter, our TC70 mobile computer was successfully rolled out by a large North American home goods retailer. Next, we continued to expand our data capture business beyond lasers and further penetrated the market for 2D imagers. This high-performance technology is gaining prominence giving the increasing relevance of mobile marketing, signature capture, and document imaging applications. Throughout the year, we received large orders for our MP6000 bioptic imager and customers have responded favorably through the productivity enhancements and cost savings it delivers. Product innovation remained a key driver for the printer business. During 2014, we released 12 new printer products to serve a variety of applications, including mobility, healthcare and RFID encoding. We will continue to adapt to our customers' evolving needs by introducing new and updated products. In total, we released approximately 60 new products across the entire organization. The Location Solutions business also gained strong momentum this year. We installed our Zebra MotionWorks Sports Solution in 17 NFL stadiums for the 2014 season and our technology was in operation during this year's Pro Bowl and Super Bowl. This exposure has led to multiple business opportunities, both within sports as well as industrial manufacturing, healthcare, and other industries as companies increasingly recognized how motion management can help them improve workflow by enhancing Enterprise Asset Intelligence. Since the Enterprise acquisition closed on October 27, we have been very pleased with the progress of our integration efforts and the resulting success. Since day one, we were able to book and ship product in quantity. Our employees are energized and despite the complexities of the transaction, they have remained focused on serving our customers and partners and growing the business. The two businesses are coming together quickly with a goal of building an organization that is uniquely positioned to serve the visibility needs of partners and customers around the globe. The integration is progressing as planned with  most significantly, we completed the integration of our global sales organization in January, and we're fostering a culture that honors the heritages of both companies while embracing agility and collaboration to reach new levels of service for our customers. We're also pleased with our progress on improving operational effectiveness. In Mexico, we made significant progress in improving repair operations, which serve North America and Latin America. Reinforcing supply-chain discipline has resulted in higher on-time delivery and improved quality. We're now exceeding targets for our global service level agreements. In Asia-Pacific, we have positioned the business for growth in 2015. We installed strong sales leadership and aligned the sales organization around common goals. As a result, sales execution has significantly improved. We also ended the quarter with normal inventory levels in the region. Feedback from our regional channel partners and customers has been positive and we believe we're well-positioned to drive improved performance in 2015. Since closing the acquisition, our business has gained positive momentum as the new Zebra is strategically better and stronger. We are no longer viewed as a tactical supplier as customers appreciate our size and the focus we place on their business needs. We're achieving trusted advisor status with a growing number of customers because of the profound impact that our broad end-to-end portfolio has in our customers' entire operations. Our leadership was evident at this year's National Retail Federation Show. The NRF was one of our first opportunities to showcase the new Zebra, and we did not disappoint. We commanded the industry's attention and booth traffic was very strong with more than 250 customer engagements. I was particularly pleased with the reception of our applications and solutions, as our retail customers look to invest in technology to support their push into omni-channel, deliver a better shopper experience and build customer loyalty. Our efforts have led to multiple senior level customer engagements, and we have already seen tangible results from these discussions. During the fourth quarter, we combined several deal opportunities that we had been pursuing independently. The result was a stronger competitive offering, and our first joint wins in all regions. The current business pipeline now includes several more combined product opportunities. We continue to execute on our vision to become the global leader in providing Enterprise Asset Intelligence. Zebra enables real-time operational visibility with best-in-class hardware, software and services. Our solutions enable our customers to know the location, motion and state of their assets people and transactions, so they can make better business decisions. Zebra's broad and deep portfolio provides real-time visibility to enable better data collection, deliver more informed decisions and drive overall better results. Our solutions became increasingly relevant, given the secular megatrends of mobility, cloud computing and the Internet of Things. Our customers continue to appreciate the efficiency we provide and we will search for ways to further optimize workflow. Businesses are also recognizing that our solutions can provide the additional benefit of enhancing the customer experience. This results in a new wave of technology investments in which Zebra is poised to benefit. Now, I will turn the call over to Doug Fox, who will provide more detail on our results for the fourth quarter of 2014, guidance for the first quarter of 2015 and an overview of long-term financial objectives. I will then conclude our prepared remarks by outlining our strategic priorities for 2015.
Douglas A. Fox - Treasurer & Vice President-Investor Relations: Thank you, Anders. First, let me highlight a few key points. One, we had strong business activity across both the Zebra and Enterprise; two, we maintained high gross margins after accounting for one-time adjustments; and three, adjusted EBITDA margin for the fourth quarter was 18.2%. Please note that my comments will refer primarily to non-GAAP financial results, which we have provided in the press release we issued today. In addition, we will focus on our financial future performance primarily on a non-GAAP basis. In today's press release, we have provided the non-GAAP earnings model that we will be using. Sales for the company on a non-GAAP basis totaled $796.8 million. On a pre-transaction basis, Zebra sales increased 11% to a record $315 million with strong performance across printer, supplies and service. Desktop and mobile printer shipments were particularly robust with desktop printers fulfilling large wins in transportation and logistics, and mobile printers satisfying large orders in retail. Supplies posted another record quarter exceeding $70 million for the first time. The Enterprise business contributed $482 million to sales on a non-GAAP basis for the two months that we owned it during the quarter. Enterprise sales exclude a reduction of $6.2 million for purchase accounting related to service contracts. North American sales were $341 million. The region was a source of strength for the company as all major product lines in Zebra and Enterprise recorded growth. The region experienced a robust run rate business in addition to fulfillment of large deals principally with retail customers for mobile printers and Android-based mobile computing devices for customers in transportation and logistics. In EMEA, the positive momentum continued. Sales on a combined basis were $303 million on continued favorable trends in the run rate business supplemented by several large wins in postal, T&L and retail. Sales of Zebra printers and supplies in the region were notably strong, as we continued to see growth in core countries despite lackluster economic indicators. The diversity of our business and ability to identify sectors that provide business opportunities has clearly been a benefit. In Latin America, sales were $55 million. Shipments of Zebra card printers remained robust with fulfillments of orders for two government projects in the region. We also successfully displaced a competitor, initial evidence that our strategy of cross-selling is working. Sales in Asia-Pacific were $92 million with sales of Zebra products up and pro forma Enterprise sales down from the previous year as expected. Pro forma Enterprise sales were up sequentially, however, from the third quarter indicating stabilization in the region. Inventories of Enterprise products in China reached normal levels at the end of 2014. With Zebra sales leadership now in place customers and channel partners are reengaging and we are now positioned to regain growth in the country and region. Fourth quarter gross margin adjusted by $35 million for purchase accounting adjustments was 46.6% compared with 49.6% a year ago. The decline was principally related to product mix since Enterprise products have historically carried lower gross margins than Zebra products. The gross margin on Zebra products was comparable with a year ago. Operating expenses reflect the addition of the Enterprise business. During the quarter, we incurred $66 million in acquisition and integration costs, in addition to $5.6 million in exit and restructuring costs. Operating expenses for the pre-transaction Zebra on a pro forma basis was within expectations. For the quarter, we recorded an $8.4 million foreign exchange loss, which reflects the change in value of unhedged balance sheet items. We also incurred a $2.4 million loss on forward swaps. Interest expense for the quarter totaled $56.7 million. The expense reflects an increase in debt related to funding the Enterprise acquisition, in addition to a one-time payment of $18.8 million for an unused bridge loan commitment. Non-GAAP net income of $1.15 per share was up from $0.96 per share a year ago. Adjusted EBITDA for the fourth quarter was $145 million or 18.2% of sales. Turning to the balance sheet. We ended the year with $418 million in cash and investments. Shortly after the end of the year, we used a portion of the cash for interest payments and working capital adjustments to the purchase price of the acquisition and this month, we repaid our first $50 million of our term loan. Now, let me present our guidance for the first quarter of 2015. We entered 2015 with strong positive momentum. For the first quarter, we expect total sales in the range of $870 million to $890 million for year-over-year growth of 1% to 3% on a pro forma basis. We expect a currency headwind of approximately 5% on sales versus a year ago. So on a constant currency basis, we expect pro forma sales growth of 6% to 8%. On a go forward basis, we will be providing guidance on non-GAAP earnings as we've defined in today's press release. We expect non-GAAP earnings for the first quarter in the range of $0.95 to $1.20. This forecast reflects a currency impact on EPS of approximately $0.60 per share, excluding any hedge offset. This forecast assumes gross margin in the range of 45% to 46% and operating expenses between $288 million and $291 million, including stock-based compensation expense of $8.9 million. We project adjusted EBITDA in the range of $125 million to $140 million. We expect first quarter interest expense at $48 million. For non-GAAP earnings, we will be using a tax rate of 22% on a go forward basis. Although, we will continue to issue only quarterly guidance, we want to provide some insight into our long-run financial objectives. We continue to target long-term sales growth of 4% to 5% on a constant currency basis. In addition, our objective is to achieve 18% to 20% EBITDA margin. We reiterate our target leverage ratio of less than 3 times EBITDA in three years as our top priority for using excess cash will be to pay down debt. We expect a long-term income tax rate of 20% to 22%. Thank you for your attention. I will now turn the call back to Anders for some closing remarks.
Anders Gustafsson - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you, Doug. The company has entered 2015 with favorable momentum, customers and channel partners are responding positively to the combined Zebra with our expanded line of industry leading innovative products and solutions. We are moving forward on plan with the integration and we remain confident in our ability to achieve $150 million in cost synergies over two years. While we remain mindful of current global currency and economic conditions, for 2015 we will focus on the following strategic priorities within our control to drive shareholder value. First, growth; second, execution; and third, transformation. Starting with growth, we have identified several key opportunities to enhance the business. First, we will actively pursue cross-selling opportunities. Our sales force has already completed cross training programs and is currently going to market to sell our expanded comprehensive portfolio. We are also now more effective at hunting and securing new business. We can execute on opportunities that would not be available independently with large strategic accounts that can benefit from the combined solutions. Today, our expanded team and portfolio have bolstered our position in targeted industries and have provided improved geographic coverage. As we've done in 2014, we will continue to support the adoption of Android. We have taken a leadership position with the operating system with initial success from high-touch sales with strategic accounts in the retail and transportation and logistics verticals. In addition to further penetrating existing accounts, we will be focused on promoting Android adoption with our channel partners as well as expanding into new verticals and geographies. The supplies business is another area we can develop further. We currently have a small share in a very large market, and we will now position ourselves with a differentiated technology solution. Excellent brand recognition supports our business in Asia-Pacific, and we continue to advance custom label sales in EMEA. We will further penetrate the healthcare wristband market, where we have realized great success. We remain committed to the wireless LAN business and believe this offers growth opportunities. The wireless LAN market is large and fast-growing as businesses look to enhance connectivity within their environments. The strength of our portfolio was demonstrated in the recent announcement that Zebra's wireless LAN solutions will be deployed in New York City's subway system. Because we have become a larger more relevant partner, we can move more aggressively into the services business. Customers need greater visibility into their assets as supply chains become increasingly complex. We will maintain focus on the quality repairs business as well as search for opportunities to attach new service agreements with existing customers. As our ecosystem grows, we see a bright future in managed services. Our second priority is execution. As we act on our growth strategy, we will remain focused on a successful integration. We are on target to achieve the $150 million in synergies by the end of 2016 with $50 million to $75 million in savings this year. We have already completed the integration of the sales force under Joe, and we have aligned the right people in the right roles. To better counsel our customers on the most appropriate solutions for their business, we have formed vertical organizations in all major markets, in retail, manufacturing, transportation and logistics and healthcare. We will also overlay this structure with product specialists offering expertise in printing, services and wireless LAN. Strategic investments will be made in growth areas to fill existing gaps. Our third priority for 2015 is transformation. We're combining two tremendous organizations with proud and rich cultures that share customers, as well as a deep appreciation for innovation. Our shared values will include commitment to integrity, respect, collaboration, agility, and innovation. As one Zebra, we will build upon the best practices of both businesses to exceed our customer's expectations. I'm pleased with our fourth quarter results and with the initial progress we have made on the integration. With a proven track record and strong emphasis on discipline and execution, Zebra is prepared to maintain strong momentum and continue creating value for our shareholders. Thank you for joining us today. I would now like to turn the call back to Doug for Q&A.
Douglas A. Fox - Treasurer & Vice President-Investor Relations: Thank you, Anders. Before we open the call to your questions, let me ask that you limit yourself to one question and one follow-up. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our first question is from Jeff Kessler from Imperial Capital.
Jeffrey Ted Kessler - Imperial Capital LLC: Thank you. With regard to the growth that you showed in the legacy Zebra business, do you think it would have been 11% or 10.6% without the addition of the new Enterprise business? In other words were organic sales in the original business boosted by the fact that you had acquired the Motorola Enterprise business?
Anders Gustafsson - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Right. It's obviously very difficult to dissect exactly what revenue streams came in as part or were incremental as part of the acquisition and what might have fallen out. But I'd say my sense is that we probably grew a little faster on the printer side, because of the acquisition. And I'll give you two examples of this, one, was from how Motorola had gone to market with several printer partners prior to the acquisition. I think after we announced that obviously, we became exclusive with each other. So, I think that drove some incremental revenue, I believe. And the second one, more longer-term, more strategic here, I would say, is that the relationships we have seen with our largest customers and channel partners has improved based on the acquisition. People see us now as much more of a strategic partner, who can provide insight and counsel on a much broader set of technologies than what we could do before.
Jeffrey Ted Kessler - Imperial Capital LLC: Good, thank you. My follow-up question is, I'm particularly interested in your statement that, as you get your ecosystem built up amongst the various partner groups, and you've talked about the vertical markets as well as the horizontal markets that you're looking at, you are going to be moving toward greater managed services. Could you discuss how that could affect, number one, margins; but number two, how that could affect your customer stickiness and what you're going to do to try to get to that point, and what hurdles remain to you to build up this ecosystem and get these vertical and horizontal matrices together?
Anders Gustafsson - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. So first, I'd say services, we see as a great long-term opportunity for us. We believe we have a number of dimensions that we can pursue to grow that business further and there was a much smaller part of the historical Zebra business versus the Enterprise business. We see services as the entire business, but maybe particular services as one where we need to have an ecosystem of partners. We don't have all the solutions for every type of situation, so we need to have ISVs come together with us. We need to have other integrators come together with us and we're certainly working to make sure that our reseller partners can also participate in the growth of services. And specific to managed services, we see that as a great way of providing a new type of value-added service to our customers that's probably more sticky and would have a more long-term effect, more of as a service type of delivery.
Jeffrey Ted Kessler - Imperial Capital LLC: And these would include  some of these managed services would include what specifically?
Anders Gustafsson - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Managed services would include us managing an account  management of the infrastructure. So, we would know the health of the fleet. We would be able to know how many devices are turned on. We can manage softer downloads, battery life, a number of things to basically allow the customer to be much more focused on their business and not have to be distracted with running devices.
Jeffrey Ted Kessler - Imperial Capital LLC: Okay. Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: And our next question is from Keith Housum from Northcoast Research.
Keith Michael Housum - Northcoast Research Partners LLC: Good morning, guys. Thanks for the question. Hey, Doug, I want to make sure I heard you right. Did you say FX was going to be a $0.60 headwind for EPS in the first quarter?
Douglas A. Fox - Treasurer & Vice President-Investor Relations: Yep. That would be excluding any hedge offset.
Keith Michael Housum - Northcoast Research Partners LLC: $0.60, wow, okay, I guess it'd be higher than what we have expected. And then if I could just drill down on your guidance of the $870 million to $890 million, that's on a constant currency basis?
Douglas A. Fox - Treasurer & Vice President-Investor Relations: No.
Keith Michael Housum - Northcoast Research Partners LLC: No. No. Okay, so $870 million, $890 million.
Anders Gustafsson - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, I'm going to let Dean answer that.
Dean Lindroth - Vice President of Finance, Zebra Technologies: Yeah. No, the $870 million to $890 million is on a nominal basis. Within that, we're seeing Enterprise business relatively flattish. And some single-digit growth in terms of the printer product business, but no, the $870 million to $890 million is on a constant currency  excuse me, on a nominal basis. Excuse me.
Keith Michael Housum - Northcoast Research Partners LLC: Okay. And you guys...
Dean Lindroth - Vice President of Finance, Zebra Technologies: On constant currency though you would take the growth rate that we mentioned of 1% to 3% up to about 6% to 8%.
Keith Michael Housum - Northcoast Research Partners LLC: Got you. Okay, appreciate that. And then, as we look at your restructuring cost that you had in the quarter, do you expect those to, I guess maintain the same level for the first quarter? Or will those be coming down significantly? What's your thoughts in terms of your restructuring cost, I guess, for all of FY2015?
Dean Lindroth - Vice President of Finance, Zebra Technologies: I think directionally we're going to see some continuing trends in regard to the restructuring cost, I think from an integration cost perspective we've probably peaked and we'll start to see that number come down. But I do think on the restructuring basis, there is some additional activities yet to complete and you'll see some additional expenses there, at least in Q1 and potentially in Q2.
Keith Michael Housum - Northcoast Research Partners LLC: Okay. Thanks. And then I guess I'll jump in the queue after that. Thank you. Appreciate it.
Operator: Our next question is from Brian Drab from William Blair & Company.
Brian P. Drab - William Blair & Co. LLC: Good morning, and congratulations on completing such a transformational year.
Anders Gustafsson - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
Brian P. Drab - William Blair & Co. LLC: First question, I just wanted to clarify, I thought I heard  it's very early here so probably it's my mistake, but I thought I heard two different growth rates for the Enterprise business in the fourth quarter. I thought earlier in the call, you said that that business was up low single-digits on a constant currency basis, and Doug, I thought that you said that it was down slightly. Did I mishear that?
Anders Gustafsson - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. That was up slightly, couple of percent on a constant currency basis. It was flat in nominal terms, and it was up 14% sequentially.
Brian P. Drab - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay. Thanks for clarifying that. And so for the first quarter, you're forecasting very solid strong growth rate, 6% to 8% for the consolidated business. So can you give us any sense for the full-year expectations for growth, could you sustain that growth rate throughout the year?
Anders Gustafsson - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. As you know, we don't give annual guidance here, but we felt we certainly exited 2014 with good momentum. I think we feel we still have good momentum in the business. I'd say our customers and partners have been very supportive and leaning into this, I would say. We expect growth across the both organizations, as we think of it here now, so both Enterprise and the printing business. I'll say here we feel with the backdrop of kind of economic and FX uncertainty that the diversity of our business is really helping. We had great strength in North America, in Asia-Pac, so it's offset some by weakness in Latin America and EMEA, but we also see good strength in number of verticals, like T&L, postal, retail, healthcare, as examples.
Brian P. Drab - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay. And then just one more quick one, margins, EBITDA margins were 18.2% in the fourth quarter, we see that going to about 15% in the first quarter. Is that seasonality or can give us any sense for how to forecast that going forward?
Dean Lindroth - Vice President of Finance, Zebra Technologies: Yeah. This is Dean. I think there's two things you want to consider. One is certainly the FX impact, has a dramatic impact on the margins that we're seeing in Q1. The other thing if you're looking sequentially from Q4, recall that Q4 is a stub period for Enterprise, although there was a disproportional amount of revenue in the quarter compared to say their operating expenses which are more linear, so you're going to get a little bit of a bump on EBITDA percentage at Q4 compared to what a more normalized quarter would look like in Q1. But having said that, I would say the predominant difference is the FX impact.
Brian P. Drab - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: And we have a question from Jeff Kessler from Imperial Capital.
Jeffrey Ted Kessler - Imperial Capital LLC: Yes, I'm wondering if you could talk about the transformation that's going on in your technology between going over to imaging from laser. To what extent is the acquisition changing your view as to what is going to be used primarily as you're scanner based over the course of the next three years to four years?
Anders Gustafsson - Chief Executive Officer & Director: I don't think the acquisition really changes our view of what technology to use for data capture. Laser has been the historical  so one dimensional laser technology has been the primary use for capturing barcodes and other things historically, but going forward we see that migrating to 2D imagers. So you can do 2D barcodes and you can have other kind of signature capture and other things like that. And we have made investments, substantial investments in our 2D portfolio and we have a very strong position, it's actually been growing quite nicely for the last two years.
Jeffrey Ted Kessler - Imperial Capital LLC: And which markets are these going to primarily affect? Will we start seeing them first when we start going to trade shows and watching them, where are these images going to start showing up and in which markets?
Anders Gustafsson - Chief Executive Officer & Director: They're already well out there.
Jeffrey Ted Kessler - Imperial Capital LLC: Okay.
Anders Gustafsson - Chief Executive Officer & Director: So, this is not something that's new products just being launched. So, you'll find them in retail, healthcare; you'll find them when you check into your airline. They're all over the place.
Jeffrey Ted Kessler - Imperial Capital LLC: All right. Great. Thank you.
Anders Gustafsson - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah.
Operator: And we have a question from Jason Rodgers from Great Lakes Review.
Jason A. Rodgers - Great Lakes Review: Hi. What's your estimate for CapEx for 2015?
Dean Lindroth - Vice President of Finance, Zebra Technologies: CapEx, just as a reference point in 2014, for the printer business ran around 2.5% of revenue, like $30 million, $35 million. I think as we look forward for the combined company, and we're thinking sort of 2% to 3% in the percent of sales rate, but keep in mind that would exclude integration expenses, integration CapEx would be on top of it, but on a more ongoing normalized basis probably in the 2% to 3% of revenue range.
Jason A. Rodgers - Great Lakes Review: Thank you.
Anders Gustafsson - Chief Executive Officer & Director: I think we targeted about $50 million for CapEx for 2015.
Jason A. Rodgers - Great Lakes Review: Thanks.
Operator: And our next question is from Keith Housum from Northcoast Research. Go ahead, Keith, with your question.
Keith Michael Housum - Northcoast Research Partners LLC: Thanks, guys. I appreciate the follow-up. If I can just drill down a little bit more on the $0.60 EPS, is this more translational or transactional impact? I guess, as I look at my model, it's a little bit higher than I would have expected. So, I guess, I will just leave it that?
Dean Lindroth - Vice President of Finance, Zebra Technologies: What we're looking at it is, if you take the fact that we're about 35% of our businesses in the EMEA region, and roughly 90% of that or so is euro or pound affected. And from Q1 a year ago to today versus probably about a $0.24 change in the euro rate. So, we're basically just flowing through net impact of revenue less some adjustment for the fact there are some local operating expenses. So, that's really the math that gets us there, the quarter-on-quarter rate change against about 38% regional revenue exposure, less some offsets with OpEx and then tax affected of course.
Keith Michael Housum - Northcoast Research Partners LLC: Got you. So, do you guys expect gross margins then to be lower in the first quarter due to the FX then?
Dean Lindroth - Vice President of Finance, Zebra Technologies: I'd say that's a predominant impact. Again, you have three months of Enterprise impact versus two in the fourth quarter, but FX will be the predominant impact.
Keith Michael Housum - Northcoast Research Partners LLC: Okay. And then, is there any opportunity to raise prices over in some of these regions?
Anders Gustafsson - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. We're doing whatever we can to control our environment and FX is obviously one we can't, but we have an ability to control a bit more on the pricing side. So, we currently are, I guess, watching currencies very closely and we've looked at what other multinational companies have done, American multinational companies have done and other competitors and we are actively thinking about adjusting our list prices also.
Keith Michael Housum - Northcoast Research Partners LLC: Okay. From a competitive standpoint, is there any significant foreign competitors that perhaps put you at a disadvantage if you do raise your prices?
Anders Gustafsson - Chief Executive Officer & Director: I think we only have one competitor really of any size that is in Europe. And it's difficult to say exactly, how they're going to behave in this, but I'd say most of our cost of goods sold are dollar denominated irrespective of geographic location. So buying microprocessors and other semiconductor parts, they tend to be dollar denominated. So even if you might have a higher level of say European labor in there that's a fairly small part. So, I don't think that, I guess, our working assumption is that there shouldn't be a huge difference, but that remains to be seen, I guess, how they react and how they behave, so I can't really speak on behalf of them.
Keith Michael Housum - Northcoast Research Partners LLC: Okay. Great. Thank you. I appreciate the follow-up.
Operator: Our next question is from Paul Coster from JPMorgan Securities.
Paul J. Chung - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi, this is Paul Chung on for Coster. Thanks for taking my question. I just wanted to ask, what is your latest thinking on channel and cross-selling synergies, does the combined company require new sales skill set, any specific incentives to call out that are directing the sales force?
Anders Gustafsson - Chief Executive Officer & Director: So I'll start and then I think we'll hand over to Joe to talk a bit about that also. First as we talked about the cross-selling opportunities within our channel programs and more generally I said, we do see great opportunities to cross-sell product. I give you couple of examples here just from customer examples that we've seen over the last few months. One is a healthcare example, and you might remember before we closed the acquisition, we said that we believe that healthcare was an area that Zebra had stronger presence, and we're able to obviously benefit the Enterprise business by bringing them in. We have one large healthcare provider in North America that had selected Zebra as their preferred printer partner, but also asked us to be basically their trusted advisor and advise on use of other technologies to improve patient safety and workflow, and we worked very closely with them and brought in basically the broader sales team that could talk about the entire portfolio. And that resulted in us being able to provide them with, I think it was 1,600 MC40s and well over 500 scanners. Another example is a company in Middle East that do lot of retail and things also, but they have large dealership, they deal with over a 1,000 cars a day in those dealerships, and they brought in our location solutions business to look at an active RFID solution for tracking those vehicles, while they were in the service facilities or new cars, used cars and services. We have deployed active RFID for other large dealerships in the Middle East like that. Now as we got into that discussion, we realized that actually the best solution for this customer was to have a passive RFID solution. So instead of location solutions selling their traditional active solution, they brought in the rest of the portfolio from the Enterprise business and Zebra printing the business for passive reading and passive encoding and software services from LS. So basically we were able to sell a much more targeted solution to that customer leveraging all the different pieces of the business. So, we see great opportunities for cross selling and leveraging the channel to do that. I think, maybe, now I'll ask Joe to see if Joe has any additional comments here?
Joachim Heel - Senior Vice President Sales, Zebra Technologies Corporation: Sure. Well, thank you Anders. Among the priorities that we have given to the sales force, cross selling is the number one priority. It is obviously the low hanging fruit that we have as a joint company. And even in Q4, before we had integrated the sales forces, we had asked the sales forces to complete what we call the heat mapping exercise, which asked them to look at all of their customers to find out where we have a presence and where we do not. And as we currently speak, the sales force is going through those heat maps to sell to those, and we're seeing very good traction in terms of the ability to connect with those customers and suggest to them, that we can provide an end-to-end solution. But to your point about the skills that are required, I do see a second level of cross-selling that we can get to, which is when we not only complement the former Motorola Enterprise Solutions products with the Zebra printer products, but when we stitch them together into a solution, and that does require some additional skills that we are working to build in our sales force, that is the focus of some intensive training that is actually rolling out this next quarter in Q2 and then in Q3.
Paul J. Chung - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thank you. And just one follow-up, can you talk about the pipeline of deals and how it has evolved with the combined company. We know that contracts can be lumpy, is there more of a pronounced effect with the combined business, and should we expect some resulting volatility there from quarter-to-quarter? Thanks.
Anders Gustafsson - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. I think I'll start and I'll handover to Joe, again. But I'd say first that we highlighted from the beginning when we started to talk about this acquisition that the Enterprise side is more prone to large deals and hence somewhat more lumpy than the traditional Zebra business, which is more run rate oriented. I think we've seen great progression in our pipelines that have been growing with a combination of large deals and more run rate deals. So far, I think we feel that there have been an appropriate focus and understanding of those larger more lumpy deals and where they will fall in the timing. And what we need to do in order to, I guess, control the timeline over them as much as possible. And Joe, do you want to follow on.
Joachim Heel - Senior Vice President Sales, Zebra Technologies Corporation: Yeah. It is fair to say that the Zebra business has a higher run rate, and the Zebra business  the Motorola business had a higher project content. What we're trying to do is combine the best of both worlds. So, introduce a stronger run rate capability on the Motorola side, and we've seen some visibility to do that here in the first quarter. And then at the same time introduce Zebra to some of those bigger printing projects. Actually, as would have it, here in Mexico City right now, I'm working with a customer that has a very large mobile computing estate, and is looking to replace some competitive printers with ours in such a big deal. So, I think the best of both is actually the result of this cross selling effort that we're looking to achieve.
Paul J. Chung - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Excellent. Thank you very much.
Operator: We have another question from Jason Rodgers from Great Lakes Review.
Jason A. Rodgers - Great Lakes Review: Thanks for taking the follow-up. Just looking at the Zebra Enterprise business, just prior to the acquisition, I'm sorry looking at the thermal barcode printer business, Zebra was about, I don't know, four times the size of its nearest competitor. Looking at the new Zebra, how does the company's market share compare to its other major competitors?
Anders Gustafsson - Chief Executive Officer & Director: You mean in printing specifically or across the entire portfolio?
Jason A. Rodgers - Great Lakes Review: Right, across the entire portfolio.
Anders Gustafsson - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. So on the printing side nothing has really changed, although we saw one of our competitors acquire one of our smaller  one of our larger competitors acquiring one of our smaller competitors I guess, so they have gained some share, but it's still a very modest share compared to our position. On the mobile computing side, according to independent market research all these numbers are independent market research, it's not our assessment. We have a high 30%, 40% market share. Our nearest competitors probably mid to 20% market share. On the data capture side we have low to mid 30% market share and our nearest competitor is probably about 10% lower there also. So we are the clear market leader in the three largest vertical or product segments that we compete in.
Jason A. Rodgers - Great Lakes Review: That's helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Standby, we have more questions going to the queue. And we do have a question from Donald Bisson from Century Capital.
Donald M. Bisson - Century Capital Management LLC: Good morning.
Anders Gustafsson - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning.
Donald M. Bisson - Century Capital Management LLC: I'm wondering, what is your depreciation quarterly run rate? And I'm trying to get at what D&A number excluding what you're already adding back to your adjusted numbers, so just depreciation I guess?
Dean Lindroth - Vice President of Finance, Zebra Technologies: I don't have that with me. I'd be happy to work with Doug to get that back to you after the call. I just don't have that here with me, my apologies.
Donald M. Bisson - Century Capital Management LLC: Okay.
Operator: And then I'll turn it back over to you, Doug, for any closing comments.
Douglas A. Fox - Treasurer & Vice President-Investor Relations: Okay. With that, first of all, thank you very much for joining us today, this morning, and we look forward to keeping you up-to-date on our progress as the year unfolds. And of course, we'll be around for additional questions following the call. Thank you very much for joining us today.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. That concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-11-04 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Doug Fox - VP, IR Anders Gustafsson - CEO Mike Smiley - CFO Mike Terzich - SVP, Global Sales and Marketing
Analysts: Andrew Spinola - Wells Fargo Tim Mulrooney -William Blair Paul Coster - JPMorgan Keith Housum - Northcoast Research Michael Kim - Imperial Capital Jason Rodgers - Great Lakes Review
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Zebra Technologies Third Quarter 2014 Earnings Release Conference Call. Joining us from Zebra Technologies are Anders Gustafsson, CEO; Mike Smiley, CFO; Mike Terzich, Senior Vice President, Global Sales and Marketing; and Doug Fox, Vice President of Investor Relations. All lines will be in a listen-only mode until after today's presentation. Instructions will be given at that time in order to ask a question. At the request of Zebra Technologies, this conference call is being recorded. Should anyone have any objections, please disconnect at this time. At this time, I would now like to introduce Mr. Doug Fox of Zebra Technologies. Sir, you may begin.
Doug Fox: Good morning. Thank you for joining us today. Certain statements made on this call will relate to future events or circumstances and therefore will be forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as expect, believe, and anticipate are a few examples of words identifying a forward-looking statement. Forward-looking information is subject to various risks and uncertainties, which could significantly affect expected results. Risk factors were noted in the news release we issued this morning and are also described in Zebra's latest 10-K which is on file with the SEC. Now, let me turn the call over to Anders Gustafsson for some brief opening remarks.
Anders Gustafsson: Thank you, Doug, and good morning everyone. I'm pleased to report 15% sales growth to a record $303 million for Zebra's third quarter on record sales across all geographic regions and multiple product lines. High pipeline activity throughout the quarter generated several large deals in particular to customers in retail and small package delivery, a consistent and robust run rate business also continued throughout the period. Non-GAAP net income of $0.93 per share increased 21% from $0.77 per share for the third quarter of 2013. Zebra's short operational execution against a proven growth strategy generated share gains, strong relationships with strategic customers and targeted industries and more innovative solutions that deliver improved asset visibility. Continued strong execution in healthy business environment was also reflected in the enterprise business that we acquired from Motorola Solutions on October 27. Third quarter sales for the enterprise business were up 2% from a year ago and a sharp 8% from the second quarter of 2014. Our positive momentum gives us great optimism for Zebra's future. The combination of the enterprise businesses deep capabilities in data capture, mobility, wireless and services together with Zebra's industry leading tracking and monitoring solutions provide the combined entity with a key building blocks for Internet of things solutions in a category we call Enterprise Asset Intelligence. Our innovative offerings, we provide organizations with the tools they need to gather and share real-time information about their critical assets. Our efforts are supported by a superior global go to market channels, leading global brands and the most talented people in the industry. Let me now provide some third quarter highlights. Zebra's consistent investment in core sales and marketing activities resulted in double-digit growth in three of our four geographic regions. More customers in targeted verticals turned to Zebra for products and solutions that offer greater visibility into their business operations. In North America, record distribution sales and further growth in shipments of large deals supported our second consecutive quarter of 16% sales growth. During the quarter, we had a surge in shipments of mobile printers to retail customers in advance of the fourth quarter holiday season. We also had notable shipments of desktop and tabletop printers to customers in small package delivery. Sales to government customers supporting key supply chain applications also strengthened. Demand in the fourth quarter remained strong and the pipeline of new business is healthy as we developed deeper more enduring relationships with strategic accounts in the region. Positive trends also continued for locations solutions. Our MotionWorks Sport Solution is now up and running in 17 NFL stadiums. Since the announcement at the end of July, we have received a large number of qualified leads from companies across multiple industries interested in exploring how real-time location solutions can help them gain greater insight into their enterprise operations. We also experienced improving shipments to industrial and retail customers. We increasingly see the value of active RFID solutions for asset location and motion management. EMEA's sales growth of 19%, the highest of any region this quarter occurred in the seasonally slowest period for the geography. Product performance was strong across the portfolio. The quarter included shipments of mobile and desktop printers in part due to deeper penetration of the postal and parcel market. We also had favorable shipments of products to retail customers. More effective geographic coverage and improved penetration of second tier distribution partners are both important contributing factors to increasing strength and gaining share in the region. During the quarter, we also had notable shipments of card printers for national insurance card program in Ghana and strong sales of wristbands for improved patients' identification. While mindful of recent economic news in the region, we are optimistic about the fourth quarter for EMEA given a strong beginning backlog, a growing pipeline and a growing number of large deal opportunities. In Latin America, sales growth of 11% benefited from improved geographic coverage and large shipments of products to retail customers. The breadth of sales in the region also included shipments of card printers to financial institutions for on-demand credit card printing as well as to motor vehicle agencies for driver's licenses. During the quarter, we closed mobile printer deals for transportation and direct store delivery applications. Sales in Asia Pacific were up a solid 9% as our planning, strategy and strong execution led to a more diversified business across multiple dimensions. Focused sales resources in China led to high growth of mission critical table top printers to manufacturers. We also had increasing success in transportation and logistics with our printers designed specifically for emerging markets. We were pleased with card printer sales for social security applications in China as well as continued support of voter registration activity in India. Like many large deployments, Zebra products proved to be the performance winner against competitive offerings. Innovative products and solutions a proven growth strategy and a continued focus on operational excellence remain a critical combination to Zebra's enduring success. Our results for the third quarter demonstrate Zebra's ongoing ability to extend leadership in an attractive industry. Our combination with the enterprise business makes us an even more potent force offering a more comprehensive product line with the ability to deliver innovative end-to-end solutions to our customers. Now, our CFO Mike Smiley will provide a detailed review of third quarter results and guidance for the fourth quarter of 2014. After Mike's remarks, I will return for some brief closing comments about Zebra as we look towards 2015 and our integration of the Enterprise business.
Mike Smiley: Thank you, Andres. First, please note that my comments refer primarily to non-GAAP financial results, which we have provided in the press release we issued today. Let me highlight some of the key components of Zebra's third quarter results. First, strong organic growth led to record sales in all four geographic regions and multiple product lines. Second, we sustained high gross margins in operating profitability. And third, adjusted EBITDA increased by 28%. Let's take a look at sales performance. For the quarter, sales increased 15% from $264 million last year to a record $303 million. On an organic basis, sales increased 13.2% with Hart contributing $4.9 million to the quarter a solid result for this business. Foreign exchange had a positive impact on sales of approximately $2.9 million net of hedges year-over-year. Sales for North America increased 16% to a record $134 million. Strong growth across multiple product lines resulted from record shipments or distribution in addition to robust activity with large customers. In EMEA sales increased 19% to a new record $94 million with growth in 10 out of 13 sub-regions particularly strong growth occurred in Germany, the U.K. and Italy during the period that normally experiences a seasonal slowdown. Several large deals supplemented strong growth through distribution partners. Latin American sales increased 11%, strength in Mexico and other parts of Latin America more than made up for weakness in Brazil. In Asia Pacific, 9% growth also led to a record with strong growth in those sub-regions. We continue to execute well on our business plan to build on our manufacturing base in the region with business in retail, transportation and logistics, healthcare and government. By product category, hardware sales increased 16% with a record 405,000 printers unit shipped during the quarter. Supplied advanced 6% to an all time record including strong growth in Asia Pacific where we are building a solid base of business serving our customers with high quality Zebra branded products. Services in software revenue growth of 39% reflects the impact of the revenues from the Hart Systems acquisition in addition to organic growth of 16%. We see services as a key area of growth post acquisitions we take advantage of the services infrastructure enterprise brings to the business. Third quarter gross margin was 50% up from 48.8% a year ago, the higher product volume and lower inbound freight cost were the primary reasons for the increase. Net of hedges, favorable currency movements increased third quarter gross profit by approximately $1.7 million year-over-year. Non-GAAP operating expenses of $89 million are within expectations. The growth is primarily related to higher incentive compensation and expenses from the Hart acquisition. GAAP operating expenses include $35 million in acquisition and integration costs. The amount was principally for professional fees and integration activities supporting our work to prepare for the acquisition. Effective non-GAAP income tax rate for the third quarter was 23% an adjustment of $8.5 million from the GAAP income tax rate reflects an impact of a change in U.K. tax law. We expect a reversal of this adjustment in the fourth quarter. For the quarter, non-GAAP net income totaled $0.93 per share up 21% from $0.77 per share for the third quarter of 2013. Quarterly adjusted EBITDA was $74 million or 25% of sales compared with $58 million or 22% of sales last year. The third quarter inventories increased $13 million from the second quarter; we took advantage of lower cost ocean shipping. Inventory turns were effectively unchanged at 4.7x. Net receivables of $187 million were up $22 million from the second quarter reflecting the higher level and timing of business during the third quarter. The days outstanding were 55 days compared to 56 days from the prior quarter. We entered the quarter with $542 million with cash in investments with approximately 60% held in foreign accounts all of which were invested in U.S. dollar denominated securities. Subsequent to the end of the quarter, we liquidated substantially all of our foreign investments to help fund $3.45 billion enterprise acquisition. We now have $3.25 billion in debt on the balance sheet with a weighted average interest rate of 5.6%. Our starting leverage ratio is approximately 5x adjusted EBITDA. We expect to reduce this debt burden to less than 3x within three years. Now, let's look at our 2014 fourth quarter forecast. For the pre-transaction Zebra business, we expect sales in the range of $300 million to $310 million or up 7% from a year ago with ongoing favorable business conditions in all geographies, the sale comparison is against a very strong fourth quarter last year and the strong shipments of large deals that occurred in third quarter this year. The mid-point of the guidance range would bring Zebra's sales growth for the full year to 14%. We expect gross margin within historical range of 48.5% to 49.5% which reflects the mix of business we expect for the period. Non-GAAP operating expenses are forecasted in the range of $90 million to $91 million. This forecast brings pro forma operating income to $55 million to $63 million compared with $54.8 million from last year's fourth quarter. Our forecast assumes a steady U.S. dollar euro exchange rate at the current level. We expect interest expense of approximately $35 million for the quarter. Looking at the enterprise business, we are encouraged by the improving trends in the business and the outlook for the fourth quarter. We expect the usual seasonal improvement with pro forma's sales for the fourth quarter in the range of $640 million to $660 million. This quarter represents a sequential increase to 7% from the third quarter. The adoption of Zebra's revenue recognition policy and the potential impact of the first accounting, however, could have a significant affect on the reported number because of the timing of the acquisition, which occurred at the end of October, our consolidated financials for the fourth quarter of 2014 will incorporate two months of enterprise sales. We estimate that 75% of sales will occur in the last two months of the quarter. The timing of the transaction in multiple post closed accounting adjustments makes it impractical to provide a reasonable accurate forecast for the full P&L. During the 2014 fourth quarter conference call in February, we expect to provide the details Zebra historically gives for the combined entity. We have continued to maintain our policies solely providing quarterly guidance. That concludes my formal remarks. Now, here is Andres for some concluding comments.
Anders Gustafsson: Thank you, Mike. Zebra enters the fourth quarter with increasing confidence in the long-term profile of our new combined company. With a fuller complement of products and solutions, we will work towards building stronger customer relationships to make Zebra the first company CIOs turn to for their asset intelligence needs. Now with more than 7000 dedicated employees, we have significantly expanded our geographic reach to provide even more opportunities to deliver Zebra products and solutions to our customers worldwide through the strongest go to market channels in the industry. No other company has the scale and resources to deliver solutions that offer enterprise customers the real-time visibility into critical assets they need to make better business decisions. By the time of closing, we successfully completed a complex cut over to the ERP system supporting the enterprise business in a short amount of time. Our hard work ahead of the close enabled us to take orders and ship products add volume from day one. We have already made significant progress on integrating the Enterprise business. Shortly after our announcement of the acquisition in April, we established our integration management office to ensure a smooth transition for our customers and employees. We welcome all of our employees to the new Zebra and congratulate them for their hard work on integration planning while maintaining high performance levels in the business. With the closing of the transaction, we have announced the new senior regional and global leadership of our organization. As part of this leadership we welcome Girish Rishi as our Senior Vice President of Enterprise Solutions and Tom Collins as our Senior Vice President of Supply Chain Operations both reporting to me. Additional appointments include Joe Heel, our new Senior Vice President of Global Sales. Joe will play a key role in maximizing the value of the combined business to our customers and channel partners. This appointment will allow Mike Terzich, our Chief Marketing Officer to focus his efforts on integration activities as Head of the Integration Management Office and building a global marketing organization another critical area for success. For the two months remaining in 2014, we will operate as two distinct businesses from a sales perspective to ensure continuity for our customers. At the same time, we will be implementing plans to work towards operating as a single organization early in the first quarter of 2015. We expect to announce, the next several tiers of the sales organization by year end. So we are ready to engage our customers as one company. As we go to market as a combined organization, Zebra's historical focus on channel development together with enterprises strength in strategic account management will create significant multiple near term opportunities. Many large customers have already expressed an interest to standardize on our combined solutions portfolio to reduce the inefficiency and cost of managing multiple vendors. We also have seen a strong initial interest in additional services given the large number of deployed devices from the combined company. In addition, we will be accelerating a channel partner development followed by the introduction of a new integrated channel program in the second half of next year. Advisor councils of our channel partners that we formed earlier this year will work with us in creating the next generation of our award winning channel program. Looking beyond the sales organization, we have identified staffing roles and areas of likely investment to fill gaps in certain functions. I'm excited about the progress we have made in outlining new organizational structures and implementing programs to effectively merge our corporate cultures. We will continue to drive momentum and maximize the strength of the new Zebra as we create the most formidable provider of asset intelligence solutions worldwide. At the same time, we are committed to creating shareholder value through achieving $150 million in cost synergies. We expect $100 million of these savings to be realized in operating expenses and $50 million in cost of goods as we streamline the purchasing of common components and rationalize vendors. Our current plan calls for exiting 2015 with $50 million to $75 million in captured synergies on a run rate basis with the remainder achieved the following year. As a combined company, we now have the ability to discover additional sources of revenue and profit we will pursue these opportunities thoughtfully and deliberately in order to preserve and enhance customer relationships employee engagement and industry leadership. While encouraged by the outlook for our business, we are also aware of the need to remain nimble to ensure that we quickly respond to evolving business conditions. The future for Zebra is bright. No other company possesses the scale, resources or focus to deliver the vital solutions that enable our customers to gain greater visibility into their most critical assets. With enterprise we are now even better positioned to benefit from important technology trends in mobility, cloud and the Internet of things. We will continue to work on introducing innovative products and solutions for greater enterprise asset intelligence while pursuing an operational excellence for the benefit of our customers, employees and shareholders. Thank you for your attention today. I would now like to turn the call back to Doug for Q&A.
Doug Fox: Thank you, Andres. Before we open the call to your questions. Let me ask that you limit yourself to one question and one follow-up. In addition Mike and I will be available after the call for any further discussions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) And our first question comes from Andrew Spinola from Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Andrew Spinola - Wells Fargo: Thanks. I wonder if you could just comment on the Q3 Motorola results, they've obviously bounced back quite significantly from Q2. I think you are expecting a number of the impacts that impacted Q2 to sort of weigh on Q3. And I'm just wondering if you could talk about how some of those one time issues might have weighed on Q3?
Anders Gustafsson: The enterprise business was up 8% sequentially. We had strong growth in North America, Latin America and Europe but that was offset by a significant decline in Asia Pac. So some of the highlights I would draw your attention to will be several large wins of Android devices. So this year, we have seen Android becoming a much stronger factor in the retail and T&L space. Hardware were actually grew by double digits in the quarter, so that was very nice sequentially. And we did see some of those operational issues that we highlighted three months back to subsidy. So I would say, we saw a great sequential performance from Zion was up more than 50% still down year-over-year. But, that was big improvement. And the supply chain issues that we have experienced there I expect it will be completed resolved as we enter 2015. We had other supply chain issues more largely around the introduction of new warehouse management systems for the distribution centers. And I would say they were also largely resolving in the quarter and after we got over to the new ERP system as our integrated company now, we were up and running and shift in volume already at the end of last week  sorry, at the end of the first week. So I think that was a good testament to the integration activities there. And lastly, in China, obviously, China has continued to perform poorly, but we worked with enterprise business or guided them to some activities to help stabilize the business particularly taking some channel management actions to improve relationships and other things there to position ourselves for growth as we go forward. We have a lot of work to do on the talent side. But, I'd say here, now as we close we get the benefit of the Zebra team to who has a lot of experience in China and a proven track record to also help in driving that. So we are looking to leverage the Zebra leadership as we come together. But, I do expect that it will take some time before China becomes a humming part of our portfolio. And maybe lastly as we come together as a single phase 2 to our customers in 2015, I do have increased confidence in the combined business.
Andrew Spinola - Wells Fargo: Got it. And then just one follow-up, the $640 million to $650 million that you expect in Q4 from MSI enterprise, I think that's  my numbers are correct down maybe roughly 5% year-over-year. I'm just wondering if that's sort of the run rate trend you see in that business right now. I mean the growth rates are kind of jumping around here in the last few quarters. What's your sense on that?
Anders Gustafsson: So I think for Q4 of last year was a particularly strong quarter for the Enterprise business, so if you are on a constant currency basis it will likely be down more like low to mid single digits. And again, if you look at the regions you will see good performance in Europe, North America and Latin America and Asia Pac bringing performance down quite a bit for the entire group. But I expect as we start getting into more improved execution we will be able to get more predictable results and as the integration comes together you find some more near term opportunities to help drive growth. And but, we still feel comfortable with our long-term guidance of having the business grow by 4% to 5% through cycle.
Andrew Spinola - Wells Fargo: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Tim Mulrooney from William Blair. Please go ahead.
Tim Mulrooney -William Blair: Good morning.
Anders Gustafsson: Good morning.
Mike Smiley: Good morning Tim.
Tim Mulrooney -William Blair: You guys mentioned a surge in large deals during the quarter, can you just talk what was the source of those large deals, was it more brick and mortar stores or was it on the e-commerce side?
Mike Terzich: Tim, this is Mike Terzich. I will take that. It was actually both. We had a strong quarter, the large deal pipeline was pretty robust as we typically see in the third quarter. We see some advanced placement of some technology solutions primarily to serve retail. But, our retail business as expanded over the last couple of years both at the tier one level which everybody has heard from us often on as well as in tier two. And we have also over the course of the last five years built some pretty solid relationships with the e-tailer side of retailer business. And we have seen material investments in all three of those areas, large deal, mid-market deal and the e-tail side of retail.
Tim Mulrooney -William Blair: Okay. Thank you. And then I know on your call some time you talk about customer concentration, you give the top three customers as a percentage of sales, I'm wondering could you talk about how customer concentration would change following the combination with MSI enterprise?
Mike Terzich: I can talk about that. I think Mike Smiley is going to grab the concentration figures for you. Essentially our go to market models are much  they are mere images of each other, so we don't think that large customer concentration will actually change in a material way we still deal with the same large set of distributors both businesses deal with the same set of distributors. And while we have some meaningful and user relationships none will be of a level that's 10% customer.
Mike Smiley: Yes. And basically, we are not seeing as far as concentration it's very similar to a year ago. So it's really hasn't changed meaningful from prior year.
Tim Mulrooney -William Blair: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Paul Coster from JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Paul Coster - JPMorgan: Well, first, just a housekeeping question, you being kind of enough to provide us with some idea of what the revenue might look like on a pro-rata basis for the enterprise business in the fourth quarter. You have done so for the expenses, can you just explain why that is. So we can sort of understand what the process is that you are going through?
Anders Gustafsson: Good question. I think there is a couple of things that go on. First of all, there is purchase accounting that's going to have to flow into our P&L along with that we are still getting our hands around how we will migrate half of transition service agreements how that will result in actual expenses going forward. So there is a lot of moving pieces coming together with fourth quarter type expense numbers. We will as we discussed our fourth quarter results, we will give a full view of what we see them to be in the first quarter.
Paul Coster - JPMorgan: Okay. And then just going back to this large deal, sort of narrative it seems to be so threading so not just now with Zebra but the traditional business but with the enterprise acquired business. Does this yield more visibility or does it make your business ultimately a little bit more lumpy than it has been in the past?
Anders Gustafsson: Yes. I think it probably makes it a little bit more lumpy, I think when you see  look at how  the range of forecast guidance that we give into future. It might be a little of wider than what we would have had for the traditional Zebra business as the large deals they  if you do get them, you get the big bump, but if you don't get it also of course impacts the other side. So it will likely mean that we will be a bit more bumpy, lumpy.
Mike Smiley: Yes. Just as a sort of a follow-on point to that. I also think that the trend of revenue through the years will be different in the combined business than they have been for just the Zebra business. As we talked about there is more retail in the Motorola  the enterprise business that sort of drives more of a third quarter sale than a fourth quarter sale. So again, the trend will be a little bit different on a combined business as we go forward.
Paul Coster - JPMorgan: All right. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Keith Housum from Northcoast Research. Please go ahead.
Keith Housum - Northcoast Research: Good morning guys, congratulations on a great quarter again. If I can just drill down more into the fourth guidance, so and it sounds like would be outside of FX and perhaps the Asia Pac decline in China, are you expecting relative flat to year-over-year sales for the enterprise group?
Anders Gustafsson: First I will give you good guidance for both businesses here. So Zebra first we have a  in our outlook we see  still continue to see very favorable business conditions. We are poised to have a very strong finish to the year. Fourth quarter is going to be up approximately 7%...
Mike Smiley: Year-over-year.
Anders Gustafsson: Year-over-year and the 2014 is looking to be up about 14% year-over-year. So this is  we consider this to be very good results. We feel very good about this. 3Q was very, very strong quarter for us. All four regions had record revenues. We had record product revenues in our table top category mobile, card and our labels. So it's where do we get that many records in one quarter. And we certainly feel that we expanded our leadership position in the industry in the quarter or through the year. And we feel quite confident in our outlook for the combined business here. On the enterprise business, I would say we expect continued momentum as we exit Q3 into Q4. So the business will be down year-over-year some 6%, 7% in absolute terms but, probably about 3% to 5% in constant currency. We will be up or slightly up I would say year-over-year in all regions with exception of Asia. So it is  they should stable your experiencing or fairly well defined around Asia, China and Australia particularly. And I would expect that we will start seeing improvements in the enterprise business from renewed focus on execution and being really  everybody living and breathing and owning one business. And still think we are going to be very thoughtful and deliberate in how we go by integrating the business to make sure that we get the benefits, but we don't stub our toe on anything we can avoid.
Keith Housum - Northcoast Research: Okay. I appreciate the color. So inside Asia, you can just throw down more there, is it more than just beyond a change in management which was required there as part of the separation or is there a  is greater issues happening down in Asia?
Mike Terzich: This is Mike Terzich. I will take that. The couple of things on that Keith particularly one is that Asia business was originally structured in a way that there wasn't a defined leader for the business remain with the government business in Motorola. So we've had a combination of some leadership transition with the combination of some channel management dynamics that have went on in the business now. Our view on this has been to the degree that we provided some insight and some perspective. We think we got our hands around what the issues are  we have put forth some retention on some of the key talent. We know the distribution and the reseller relationships that business primarily flows through channel in the geography. And so as we exit the year, we are pretty confident that we could leverage Zebra's leadership. Our team, we got a lot of experience on the ground and the region and we think we can get that stabilized. But to Andres point, we are kind of sorting our way through a couple of quarters of some pain and it certainly does have some consequence to the fourth quarter outlook.
Keith Housum - Northcoast Research: Okay. So the channel dynamics, it's not market demand related issue or is it more  it's more executional related issue?
Mike Terzich: Yes. It's more on the execution side from our perspective.
Keith Housum - Northcoast Research: Okay. And then if I can still ask one more question, can you break down the Motorola business that are more in terms of the scanners and computers and hardware local access network business and perhaps talk about the trends that you are seeing there and how you guys are performing?
Anders Gustafsson: Yes. I think again if you were to look it through the lens of the geographic region also, I would say our data capture and mobile computing business and services have been doing well in the three main regions. Asia is obviously pulling everybody down there. The wireless LAN business tends to be a bit more choppy. They can have a good quarter but in next quarter can be more weak. So I think we have more work to do to make sure that we position the wireless LAN business for more consistent performance and consistent growth.
Keith Housum - Northcoast Research: In mobile computers, I'm sorry?
Anders Gustafsson: Mobile computers and data capture have been performing well in the three main regions. There have been  so the performance have been pulled down say by Asia but if you exclude Asia all the product  of those product categories will be doing well.
Keith Housum - Northcoast Research: Great. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Michael Kim from Imperial Capital. Please go ahead.
Michael Kim - Imperial Capital: Hi. Good morning guys. Can you talk a little bit about the integrated product roadmap with the Motorola enterprise price business, when we might be able to see some of the initial solutions or integrated solutions? And then lastly, where do you some of the key opportunities for revenue synergies as you combine the go to market organization?
Anders Gustafsson: I will start it kind of at the high level here and then we get into a bit more detail for you. But, I would say first, as we start looking at the integration now, our priorities start with growth making sure we get the combined business back to growth particularly the enterprise business to consistent steady growth rates. The second priority is around execution. We now according to large organizations together and as we do that we need to make sure we can really execute very, very crisply, very tightly. So we are going to have a lot of attention on the integration activities and how we roll out new programs to make sure we can really demonstrate our excellence in execution. And the third priority will be around how we can create a common culture for the organization. We are looking very much to make sure that's an externally oriented culture, so very customer centric where our customers provide the true Northstar for us to the direction. More specifically than to what the more shorter term opportunities are for the combined business I would say. First, we expect to go deeper and wider within our enterprise account I think with the combination of our broader portfolio now we are going to have some accounts that are predominantly say a Zebra account and some are predominantly an enterprise account. Now, we get a chance to go and expand the total footprint with those. We also believe that we have opportunities to take share in the channel where we have two good channel programs. And I think with tighter execution around the channel, we should be able to gain some ground there also. We also believe that we have good opportunities to expand both vertically and geographically, but maybe particularly vertically in the short-term where the Zebra side we have very strong positions in healthcare and manufacturing stronger than the enterprise side. But on the other hand, the Enterprise business has stronger positions in retail and transportation logistics than us that we think we can benefit from. And lastly, we will put a lot of focus on services and services tax rate, annuity tax rate, the services and supplies to make sure that we provide a broader offering to our customers, which seems to resonate well in our work so far. I don't Mike, do you want to
Mike Smiley: The one other point I think that you raised Michael which was on the roadmap side of the business and both organizations, this has been core to both companies innovations, we got very robust R&D deployments on both sides. We do have some longer term plans. And I would say that I would characterize them as more in the mid-term right now those product roadmaps have been pretty much set for 2015, products are in development and on their way so to speak. But, we will have an opportunity to integrate the portfolio in some meaningful areas particularly around mobility and where enterprise mobile computing, raggard mobile computing and mobile printing can come together we think that there is some really interesting ideas to enhance the performance proposition that those devices can have in the marketplace. But, that's going to take a little longer to sort out.
Michael Kim - Imperial Capital: If I could sneak one more question in, perhaps on a global basis, are you typically finding that the purchasing cycles are pretty aligned with the legacy Zebra business or they slightly offset, I guess, how should we think of  I guess upgrade patterns on an end customer base?
Anders Gustafsson: I think it varies, I wouldn't say that they are particularly aligned. I think take retail as an example where we both have strong positions. The way retailers buy is often that they buy one device before the other. They may evaluate in kind of in parallel but often they do buy one and then go on to the other one. So I wouldn't expect that we would have a perfect kind of synchronicity between the different product portfolios that we have in various industries. But, over a global basis I certainly would expect that there will be a  we will get the benefit of being very diversified across geographies products and verticals.
Michael Kim - Imperial Capital: I guess maybe the takeaway would be that imply maybe a little less oscillation in the business on a longer term or through the cycle basis?
Anders Gustafsson: Our aspiration clearly is that the  by combining the two businesses, we should have  we should get the benefit of the diversity we have  of the greater diversity we have.
Mike Smiley: Michael that point that Andres made earlier that selling deeper and wider into those enterprise accounts. This is a trend that we have certainly seen for the last several years we talked about it on previous calls, which has been IT led standardization across technology platforms, brands, architectures. And we think we are going to be able to take advantage of that. And as more and more of the decision is made by IT organizations and they set standards for the technology they want to deploy, the Zebra and the enterprise branded products are kind of top in class and we think that we are going to have an advantage in the marketplace.
Michael Kim - Imperial Capital: That's great. Thank you very much.
Operator: And our next question comes from Jason Rodgers from Great Lakes Review. Please go ahead.
Jason Rodgers - Great Lakes Review: Good morning all.
Anders Gustafsson: Hey, good morning.
Mike Smiley: Good morning.
Jason Rodgers - Great Lakes Review: Looking at the product side, just wondering if you have any plans to rationalize any of the products that the enterprise solutions business or the focus more on just growing those products?
Anders Gustafsson: I think we will look at the overall portfolio and we certainly will look at and say skew rationalization. We have on the Zebra side we are working that for years so trying to make sure we rationalize and reduce the number of skews to make it easier for us as what to manufacture and keep inventory and serve our customers right. I think we have a similar opportunity to do that also with the enterprise business to kind of simply the portfolio a bit. But obviously, we also want to make sure we do grow with that is the primary purpose of this whole thing.
Mike Terzich: And Jason, one other point on that and we talked about this in the past, the product lines today are complementary to each other. They are not competitive to each other, right? And we have leading positions with each of our product categories and so while there is rationalization, we could simplify some things for the channel community. By and large those product lines don't compete with each other.
Jason Rodgers - Great Lakes Review: Okay. And then looking at Europe definitely a strong quarter just wanted to get your thoughts on how sustainable that improvement is?
Anders Gustafsson: Yes. Europe had very based strength. We were up in 10 out of 13 sub-regions particularly encouraged to get see strong growth from many of the southern European markets, we mentioned particularly along with U.K. and Germany. But there are also some choppy headwinds that we see from  I would say primarily today from FX. So the Euro has declined against the dollar quite a bit, but also some of the political activities in the far eastern regions of Europe. But the overall, we see very solid growth for both Zebra and the enterprise business as we go forward. The pipeline looks good, the run rate continues to be good and have a good momentum.
Mike Smiley: Just as a  also for our forecast, the  our revenues negatively affected by about $2 million as a result of that facts. So some of that the forecast is muted because of that.
Jason Rodgers - Great Lakes Review: Then finally any guidance as far as with the tax rate might look like next year on a combined basis?
Anders Gustafsson: I think what we have been talking about is that we will be sort of mid-double between 10% and 15% on a GAAP basis, but we will be closer to 30% to 35% on a cash basis next year. So I think that's sort of our view what will happen is the both of those rates will converge to about 20% at the end of five years. So that's sort of our view obviously we are still pulling a lot of information together. But, to get to where we want but I think the nice thing is that that at the end of five years and throughout the entire time, we will build the repatriate cash without negative tax consequences so that the cash would be available to repay debt which will increase bottom line earnings.
Jason Rodgers - Great Lakes Review: That's helpful. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Andrew Spinola from Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Andrew Spinola - Wells Fargo: Thanks. I'm sorry, if I missed this. But did you give any color or could you provide the EBITDA margin in the MSI business for Q3?
Mike Smiley: No. We can't. That's something that  those are Motorola numbers and so I think keep in mind in those Motorola numbers are for discontinued operations. There is things like allocation and accounting for discontinued ops that makes those numbers difficult to  so to translate to sort of pro forma view. So the answer to that right now is no.
Andrew Spinola - Wells Fargo: Fair enough. But do you  how do you feel about the 18% to 20% EBITDA guidance next year, I know you have more time with the business or I'm sorry 18% to 20% long-term guidance?
Anders Gustafsson: No. We are feeling good about that. I would say we are really confident in the model that we've given. So at this point we don't have anything to suggest they should be different than we have been talking about the last six months.
Andrew Spinola - Wells Fargo: Got it. And maybe a question for Mike Terzich. This cycle has been a little unusual for at least for someone who hasn't followed this industry for a long time, but you had gone like 7 or 8 quarters of at best 2% growth and now you have done four quarters of kind of strong double-digit growth. And I'm just kind of wondering how does the business usually react following periods like this. And is this a normal cycle or what are we missing back in September of 2013 that has changed so much in the last four quarters in your legacy business?
Mike Terzich: It's a good question. I wish I had all the insight to answer it. But, I would say that based on my long history, we have seen cycles like this before. I mean we are six quarters in and I think we had six consecutive quarters of sequential revenue growth on the Zebra side of the business. And that's not unusual for us. I would say perhaps what's taken place of late is we have had a very robust business in North America. I think it's fair to say that back in 2008, 2009, we may have missed a refresh cycle in North America that resurfaced last year and into this year. And then last, I do think that there is a changing business landscape where I think there is a greater appreciation quite frankly for the efficiency productivity technology solutions that we offer businesses. And I think it's getting a bigger piece of the investment pie and we have had a lot of momentum and lots of people see the solution is delivering a hard ROI. And I think that's  there maybe a little bit of a landscape change here on a go forward basis.
Anders Gustafsson: Just to add one thing to that. I think I believe is more accentuated in this cycle than prior ones is that I believe we have been able to extend our leadership position in the industry in at a greater pace than we have historically. We have talked about bifurcation of the competitive landscape a bit. And I think that's still the case that we have continued to grow faster than the market at the high end and some other people at the very low end are probably also growing a bit faster than the market. But, the people in the middle I think are feeling the pressure and probably not growing quite as fast.
Mike Smiley: The last thing I would say is, as we go forward, we haven't really included revenue synergies in our mode. But, we really see an increased attach rate of our printers to Motorola Solutions going forward. So again to Andres point I think we will continue to sort of take that trend of expanding our leadership as we move forward.
Andrew Spinola - Wells Fargo: Thanks. Just one last one from me that the quarter for service and software was quite strong up $2.2 million sequentially and I'm just wondering, is there anything one-time in there or this is for a flat strength in motion works and can we see this continue going forward? Thanks.
Mike Smiley: Yes. Actually it's just fundamental run rate business that we did mention that Asia Pac has done well for us. And at this point there is no large one time things in those numbers at this point.
Andrew Spinola - Wells Fargo: So just to clarify, what piece of the business in Asia is helping there, so it's not become motion works?
Anders Gustafsson: Motion works is really in North America solution today with the NFL. In Asia, I think here we would see supplies that's the big piece and also some service maintenance activities as we go after repairs and other type of service offerings. The one thing that we also have in there is retail solutions, so the Hart Systems acquisition which does also provide a benefit.
Mike Smiley: And then from a vertical standpoint healthcare obviously for a while has been very strong and supporting our supply sales.
Andrew Spinola - Wells Fargo: Got it. Thank you.
Mike Smiley: Yes.
Operator: And our next question comes from Paul Coster from JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Paul Coster - JPMorgan: Yes. Thanks for taking my follow-up. I just want to drill into the Motorola Enterprise business a little bit. Can you give us some sort of sense to the breakdown between data capture and mobile computing and some proportion of revenues? And do you see the same growth rate for both moving forward?
Anders Gustafsson: So I would say we don't break  that we don't break out the specific product lines helpful for traditional Zebra and I don't think we will start breaking out the individual product lines here also. I think we have seen both mobile computing and data capture grow at similar rates over the last several years. There has not been a big diversion between them. So no big difference, maybe one thing, I will just go back and talk a little bit about say the Q4 outlook here that Q4 last year for the enterprise business was particularly strong. There was  driven by number of things but I would say one specific thing that drove a very strong sales for Q4 of last year was that Motorola did a reorganization at the end of the quarter where all the  make all the sales people got new territories, which really put  really great incentive to make sure they didn't leave any leads behind. So I think that pushed up revenue a bit and probably left the pipeline a little weaker for the beginning of the year.
Mike Smiley: But I think we would say the mobile computer for the quarter was a little bit stronger than we expected walking into the quarter.
Paul Coster - JPMorgan: Right. And that was because of the Android upgrade cycle. So there is  even these are matured businesses. But I mean, you see growth and in the case of mobile computing at the momentum Android was a catalyst near term and I'm sure there is others coming up. What would be the types of catalysts we would expect from of the data capture side?
Anders Gustafsson: So on the data capture side there is -- 2D barcoding is a big trend a lot of installations around the world are upgrading from 1D to 2D barcode readers. And they are also  the Enterprise business also released a new flatbed scanner, the bioptic scanner that has good traction here in early days. So there is a few new products that are opening up new categories for the enterprise business also.
Paul Coster - JPMorgan: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: We have no further questions. I will now turn the call back over to Doug Fox for closing comments.
Doug Fox: Thank you very much and thank you everybody for joining us today. Our next regularly scheduled conference call will be at our fourth quarter earnings call some time in February. Thank you very much and have a great day.
Operator: Thank you ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-08-05 11:00:00) =====
Executives:  Doug Fox  VP, IR Anders Gustafsson  CEO Mike Smiley  CFO Mike Terzich  SVP, Global Sales and Marketing
Analysts:  Andrew Spinola  Wells Fargo Keith Housum  Northcoast Research Brian Drab  William Blair Michael Kim  Imperial Capital Greg Halter  Great Lakes Review 
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Zebra Technologies 2014 Second Quarter Earnings Release Conference Call. Joining us from Zebra Technologies are Anders Gustafsson, CEO; Mike Smiley, CFO; Mike Terzich, Senior Vice President, Global Sales and Marketing; and Doug Fox, Vice President, Investor Relations. All lines will be in a listen-only mode until after todays presentation. [Operator Instructions]. At the request of Zebra Technologies, this conference call is being recorded. Should anyone have any objections, please disconnect at this time. At this time, I would now like to introduce Mr. Doug Fox of Zebra Technologies. Sir, you may begin.
Doug Fox: Good morning. Thank you for joining us today. Certain statements made on this call will relate to future events or circumstances and therefore will be forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as expect, believe, and anticipate are a few examples of words identifying a forward-looking statement. Forward-looking information is subject to various risks and uncertainties, which could significantly affect expected results. Risk factors were noted in the news release we issued this morning and are also described in Zebras latest 10-K which is on file with the SEC. Now, let me turn the call over to Anders Gustafsson for some brief opening remarks.
Anders Gustafsson: Thank you, Doug and good morning everyone. Im pleased to report that Zebra achieved another quarter of record sales $288.4 million up 14% over a year ago and at the upper end of our guidance range. Non-GAAP net income of $0.84 per share was up 35% from $0.62 per share for the second quarter of 2013. We maintained strong gross margins and generated $55 million in the free cash flow. All around the second quarter was another very solid period for Zebra. Our sustained success demonstrates strong execution capabilities against the proven growth strategy, virtually all facets of our business met or exceeded our performance expectations as we further penetrated targeted industries more deeply and maintained our focus on delivering more innovative solutions to our customers. We also made solid progress on integration planning for day one readiness our first priority for the acquisition of the Motorolas Solutions enterprise business as we lead up to closing. Ongoing strength in our core run rate business and further improvements in large enterprise deals characterized second quarter activity. All geographic regions contributed to the sales growth. In North America shipments to customers in retail and transportation and logistics remained buoyant. An uptick in core printer shipments, partially offset the expected seasonal decline in revenues from Hart Systems. In Europe further improvements in economic activity lead to our third consecutive quarter of record sales propelled by strength in the UK and Germany. And in Asia further diversification of our customer base supplemented improved shipments to manufacturing customers. We also made good progress on integration planning for the acquisition of Motorolas enterprise business. Since announcing the deal on April 15, we established and staffed our integration planning office with teams across all business disciplines fully engaged in activities to prepare for day one as a combined entity. Our first priority has been and will continue to be the ongoing success of our combined organization. We have worked diligently to identify and start to address all critical areas of improvement and change needed to ensure this objective. We are very pleased with the progress we are making on the complex process of acquiring carve our business. In addition, we recently announced the passing of the HartScott-Rodino review waiting period, a key milestone. We expect to complete the transaction by year end. Let me now highlight some areas of progress in the second quarter. In all geographies Zebra has benefited from deeper penetration of targeted verticals. We continue to forge tighter, more strategic relationships with established and new customers. We increasingly look to us for products and solutions that help them gain greater visibility into their business operations. To this end both new and established Zebra products gained attraction. In North America, we had 16% sales growth with notably strong sales of mobile printers. Large deal activity included shipments of our popular QLn320 Mobile Printer and our PS4000 wireless print server to retail customers. Our innovative location solutions product also had a solid quarter with improving shipments to industrial customers who are increasingly taking advantage of the power of active RFID for asset location and motion management. In EMEA, nearly all sub-regions experienced sales growth which led to 16% growth in this region as well. Large deal activity included shipments of our compact MZ 320 mobile printer into postal applications. For a particular note, we had a very successful launch of our new ZT400 series midrange tabletop printer in the region with good uptick by retail and manufacturing customers. Healthcare also stood out with strong sales of our HC100 Thermal Wristband Printer as did our broad range of thermal and laser wristband products. In Latin America, we had modest sales growth of 4%, in part due to a challenging economic and political landscape in several countries. Growth in Brazil, was the most challenged with some impact from the World Cup. This performance does more than offset by growth in Mexico and other parts of Latin America. The region continued to be an area of strength for our card printer products supported by some nice wins in Argentina and Ecuador for financial services applications. Our custom applications group was particularly helpful in working with the Latin American channel partner to tailor our card printers for these applications. We also had robust growth of supplies in the region. Large deal activities picking up supplementing a steady run rate business and providing for a favorable outlook for the second half of the year. Asia Pacific also registered another strong quarter with sales up 9% on broad strength across the region including a pick-up in large deal activity. In India, card printers are supporting board of registration activities. In South Korea, the manufacturing recovery along with favorable trends in transportation and logistics and healthcare generated high demand for mid-range and desktop printers. In China, an improving manufacturing sector led to increased shipments of high performance printers for mission-critical applications. In addition, our diversification into the parcel delivery sector generated several deals for our desktop printers specifically designed to meet the needs of customers in emerging markets. Solid execution on a proven growth strategy remains the foundation for Zebras ongoing success. Our second quarter results demonstrate how we continue to extend our leadership through our focus on innovation to meet growing customer needs for asset visibility. Zebra is well positioned to benefit from the drive by enterprises for greater efficiencies in their supply chains by taking advantage of the Internet of Things and data analytics. The acquisition of Motorolas enterprise business will enable Zebra to play anything greater more strategic grow in enterprise asset intelligence and mobility. Now our CFO Mike Smiley will provide a detail review of second quarter results and guidance for the third quarter of 2014. After Mikes remarks, I will return for some brief closing comments.
Mike Smiley: Thank you, Anders let me highlight some of the key components as Zebra second quarter results. First we had record sales was strong organic growth and increases in all four geographic regions. Second, adjusted EBITDA increased by 38% and third results were favorably affected by lower income tax rate. Now lets take a look at sales performance. For the quarter, sales increased 14% from $253 million last year to a record $288 million. On organic basis, sales increased 12.5% with Hart contributing $3.6 million to the quarter as expected. Foreign exchange had a positive impact on sales were approximately $3.5 million net of hedges year-over-year. Sales for North America increased 16% to $129 million, in addition to the modest impact from Hart Systems the result primarily reflects strong growth in hardware with mobile printers for refresh and new applications performing best. We also had growth in desktop and tabletop printers. In EMEA, sales increased 16% as well to a new record of $94 million. The improving economic picture in Europe led to a great number of large projects to compliment an ongoing strong run rate business. While broad-based shipments to retailers in the UK, manufacturing in Germany and postal in Italy highlighted the quarter. Latin Americas sales growth of 4% reflects some weakness in Brazil, Argentina and Venezuela which was offset by growth in other parts of the region. In Asia Pacific, we had solid 9% sales growth with increases across nearly all sub-regions and in broad range of customers and verticals as a result of our ongoing activities to diversify our business in the region. Underscoring the diversity of Zebras business by product category, sales of hardware increased 14% and supplies advanced to 10%. Services and software revenue growth of 39%, reflects the impact of the revenues from the Hart Systems acquisition in addition to the organic growth of 11%. For the quarter  for the second quarter, gross margin was 49.3% up from 47.8% a year ago. As I mentioned, the higher gross margin reflects the impact of higher volumes, lower inbound freight cost and lower product cost. Net of hedges favorable currency movements increased second quarter gross profit by approximately $2 million year-over-year. Sales and marketing, engineering and administrative expenses increased less than 6% from a year ago compared with the 14% growth in sales. The growth in operating expenses was primarily related to higher compensation expenses including those from the Hart acquisition. Hart accounted for approximately $3 million of the $5 million of year-over-year growth. Total operating expenses also include $20 million in acquisition and integration cost which lowered GAAP earnings by $0.30 per share. The amount was principally for professional fees and integration activities associated with the pending acquisition of the enterprise business. Also included in the quarter is a loss of $2.4 million in interest rate swaps. During the second quarter, we entered into a series of hedges to fix the portion of the interest cost associated with the anticipated floating rate borrowings for funding the acquisition. Interest rates decreased slightly since entering into the swaps. The effective income tax rate for the second quarter was 11.1% the low rate reflects the impact of the acquisition and integration cost, which lowered income in the U.S. and increased through a portion of Zebras income from lower tax jurisdictions. Excluding these items, the effective tax rate is roughly 20%, because of these changes and in anticipation of the acquisition which were likely increased amortization, weve introduced non-GAAP measures to help investors gain a better understanding of underlying company performance. For the quarter non-GAAP net income totaled $0.84 per share up from 35% from $0.62 per share for the second quarter of 2013. Quarterly adjusted EBITDA was $69.4 million or 24% of sales compared with $50.4 million or 20% of sales last year. For the second quarter, inventories increased $6.7 million from the first quarter. Inventory churns increased from 4.7 times for the first quarter to 4.8 times for the second quarter. Net receivables declined $16.2 million from the first quarter. The day sales outstanding declined from 56 days to 52 days. We ended the period with $529 million of cash in investments with approximately 60% held in foreign accounts, all of which are invested in U.S. dollar denominated securities. Now lets look at our 2014 third quarter forecast. We are forecasting third quarter sales in the range of $285 million to $295 million, which represent an increase of roughly 10%. The forecast reflects the companys typical seasonality taken into account the summer slowdown in Europe. Third quarter non-GAAP earnings were expected in the range of $0.81 to $0.91 per share. Our forecast assumes consolidated gross margin in the range of 49% to 50%. Operating expenses for the third quarter, our forecast between $88 million and $89 million excluding the acquisition expenses. The forecast also assumes an effective income tax rate of 20% which we use for our non-GAAP calculation. That concludes my formal remarks. Thank you for your attention. Now here is Anders for some concluding comments.
Anders Gustafsson: Thank you, Mike. Sharp execution across Zebras business led to our strong second quarter results. We continue to demonstrate excellent progress against our strategic goals to drive profitable growth and position Zebra for long-term success. Our focus on innovation in a broader range of products and solutions is making Zebra a more important strategic partner to customers for their critical asset visibility needs. Customers in retail, manufacturing, healthcare, sports and entertainment and targeted industries are increasing to seeing the value in working with the industry leader with the strongest brand and global go-to-market channels. The foundation for Zebras enduring success remains with our products and solutions. Our reputation for liability, durability and value continues to enhance our leading global brand and set the industry standard. During the first half of 2014, we introduced nine printer-related products to maintain a high cadence in this vital area. We are on target to release an additional 6 to 7 products in the second half of this year. In addition to the successful launch of the ZT series of tabletop printers, we announced two new mobile printers specifically designed to meet the needs of healthcare professionals. The QLn220 and 320 mobile printers are built with disinfectant, tolerant plastics for easy cleaning after each side use. The printers incorporate Zebras link Link-OS environment and have a multi-platform software development kit to enable easy compatibility with a variety of operating systems and other mobile devices. Healthcare remains an attractive growth market for Zebra has we continue to expand our offerings of printers, wristbands and labels to improve patient safety and help providers deliver healthcare more efficiently. Our proprietary Link-OS environment is now embedded in 14 Zebra printer models since its introduction two years ago more than 100 apps have been created to run on Link-OS by Zebra and a growing number of independent software vendors. Our retail and healthcare customers in particular received great value in Link-OS as an easy and secure way to centrally manage their wireless Zebra devices. This is one example of how Zebra is moving beyond the printer to allow our customers to easily embed our technology into the business processes, which will enable them to realize greater efficiencies and make smarter decisions about deploying to assets. Another area of growing opportunity beyond the printer is in RFID. Lastly our location solutions business reached an important milestone, building on the successful pilot last year, we recently announced a partnership with a national football league to install Zebras real-time location solution in 17 stadiums for the 2014 NFL season. Our sport solution using our proprietary motion works software will provide next gen stats on players feed, position and acceleration in real-time. The data can then be used to generate new experiences such as broadcast overlays of action on the field to enhance the fan experience. Our announcement with the NFL follows our announcement in May with Michael Waltrip Racing to deploy Zebra MotionWorks Motor Sports Solution, first-of-its-kind pit crew evaluation system. The value of motion management with high quality real-time information is clearly under rising sports. Zebra is well positioned with proprietary systems to help professional collegiate and other teams in practice and on game day. These solutions are excellent examples of how innovation is extended our core technology to have greater applicability across the broader range of solutions and verticals. As we plan for the integration of the enterprise business, we will use our existing Zebra strategic framework as the foundation to drive improvement. Since announcing the transaction in April, we have been able to make to take a deeper look into possible synergy opportunities. Based on our analysis, we now expect to achieve run rate across synergies of $150 million by the end of 2016. We will ensure laser focused execution on the integration and management of the combined entity to create value for our customers and shareholders. The acquisition of the enterprise business will secure Zebras leadership in enterprise asset intelligence. We will have the capacity to provide complete end-to-end solutions for our customers with leading global brands in scanning, mobile computing and thermal printing. With our broad range of solutions, including RFID, wireless LAN and location solutions, Zebra will be well positioned as the company of choice for mobile solutions that enhance the visibility of assets within the enterprise and across the supply chain. Zebra will play an increasingly important role in helping businesses get the data that lead to better informed decisions. Let me conclude by saying that, we are very excited about the future for Zebra. We have multiple opportunities for profitable growth and high returns and investments. Zebra is well-positioned to take advantage of important global trends in mobility, data analytics and the Internet of Things. We will continue to focus on maintaining the high performance of our current operations as we plan for the integration with the enterprise business to deliver attractive returns for our shareholders. Thank you for your attention today. I would now like to turn the call over to Doug for Q&A.
Doug Fox: Thank you, Anders. Before we open the call to your questions. Let me ask that you limit yourself to one question and one follow-up. In addition Mike and I will be available after the call for any further discussions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. And our first question comes from Brian Drab from William Blair. Please go ahead. Brian your line is now open. And well go on to the next question. Our next question comes from Andrew Spinola from Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Andrew Spinola  Wells Fargo: Thank you. I was wondering if you could comment on the Motorola result today, I dont how much time you had to look at them. But the enterprise business was down 8% versus roughly 1% Q1. It sounds like Motorola thinks that it was mostly a one-time blip and the business should grow for the year, do you had a chance to look at that and are you comfortable with the, what they are saying is going on in that business and the ability to return that business to growth?
Anders Gustafsson: Yes, so we have had sometime to look at those numbers, and we were aware of what Motorolas were going to say I think generally on their call. The underperformance as far as we can understand is driven by some performance issues around supply chain execution, some other integration execution issues around [indiscernible] and sales execution in Asia with some demand whereas they see it. Weve looked at those issues stay, they do seem to be something that are fixable with a good amount of focus and, we obviously have we will apply our singular focus to the business of being, a larger company in the enterprise asset intelligent space. And we believe the underlying markets are performing quite well and Q3 should be a stronger quarter, they mentioned I think on their call that they have better backlog had a lot of new good wins particularly on the android devices to the  at the beginning of the quarter. So, we remain very excited about the overall acquisition and confident in our ability to generate good attractive returns for shareholders.
Andrew Spinola  Wells Fargo: So is it fair to say that given, the time youve had to look at that business, youre still comfortable with your 4% to 5% growth guidance for the pro forma business going forward?
Anders Gustafsson: Yes, we think thats a fair target for us. We believe we are not prepared to change that at this stage. And we have, we believe that we have a strong track record in  around execution, and how to really focus our execution on driving value and thats sort of something we will be doing as we go forward.
Operator: Our next question comes from Keith Housum from Northcoast Research. Please go ahead.
Keith Housum  Northcoast Research: Thanks guys, and great quarter. Thanks for taking my question here. I guess Anders and Mike you guys provided a detail about what drove the increase in the cost synergy expectation from a 100 million, 150 million. And then whats the starting point for, investors to look at, is it the number that was provided in the 8-K on April 15, or is it a number that we can back into based on the 8-K and Motorola provided last week?
Mike Smiley: Yes, so the  this is Mike Smiley. First of all, I think as weve had some time to sort of dig into the numbers. Weve been able to spend sometime on the cost of goods sold and we are  as a result of that we see ourselves going from the 100 million to 150 million. I would say also weve been spending a lot more time sort of thinking through our plans of how we execute on those synergies. And as a result, we think that the run rate when we get into 2017 will be roughly as $150 million better half than they were in 2013. So that sort of the direction that were putting together and feel  we feel confident about that.
Keith Housum  Northcoast Research: Okay. And then can you remind me about the closing, I think I heard you I say you expected the deal close by the end of the year, but I thought I recall from some conversations perhaps with you guys, perhaps with investors that they were thinking time will be closer to the beginning of the fourth quarter. Whats the application for when the deal to close?
Mike Smiley: So, weve said the second half of the year is weve working very hard in closing that transaction, our first priority and I think Mike will talk, Mike Terzich can talk to that is to make sure that we are able to continue to satisfy our customers when we close that acquisition and so as we do that were trying to be focused in having a clean close. And so we said that second half of the year and were confident thats what well do.
Anders Gustafsson: Mike do you want to add any color on that.
Mike Terzich: No I think the only, I guess the only other point to that Keith is, the second half is rapidly advancing in, likely positioned for us is going to be fourth quarter on that close. And to Mikes were hard at work right now in the middle of lots of detailed integration planning to make sure we could stand that business up and run it effectively on day one.
Operator: And our next question comes from Brian Drab from William Blair. Please go ahead.
Brian Drab  William Blair: I hope you can hear me now.
Mike Smiley: Yes.
Anders Gustafsson: Exactly Brian.
Brian Drab  William Blair: Okay, I dont know what happened there my mic was on. So first question just on the retail strength that you continue to see. Can you tell us today, what percentage of your revenue just for the legacies Zebra business is coming from retail roughly. And then is this strength coming more on the retailer side meaning like, of course like distribution centers for online retailers or is it on the traditional brick and mortar retailer side or both?
Anders Gustafsson: So the, I think on a global basis we think about 25% of our revenues come from retail. So thats the broader number has been fairly steady is probably gone up a little bit this year with, as weve seen a retail being one of our strongest performing verticals. But its not radically different from what has been historically and maybe Mike can provide some extra color on the warehousing and other things.
Mike Terzich: Brian now I think Anders is right on the market. Its about 25% globally its different in each of the geographic regions. Were enjoying certainly a very robust retail outlook and performance in North America, were seeing Europe come back online and the smaller regions Asia Pacific, Latin America its a little bit much more of a trailing effect, little bit of lift in Asia given the rising little class phenomenon thats underway. As far as the application space a lot of what were seeing has been more in line with the traditional applications where Zebra has been a little bit more in the isle backup store, backup room there has been a long overdue somewhat boring out the necessity requirement to refresh some ageing technology. And that certainly has been put into play and I think thats what were seeing in the numbers.
Brian Drab  William Blair: Okay thanks thats helpful. And then just given the recent press release on the NFL and first of all thanks for giving us some technology to make the NFL season even more fun. And can you talk a little bit about that and is this going to be meaningful in terms of revenue, are the broadcasters potentially going to mentioned Zebra as youre name going to appear during the games and once the revenue, I know this is a lot of question. So when might the revenue hit, second quarter, third quarter and can you talk it all about opportunity per stadium, I know youre putting sensors and all the  these columns throughout the stadium?
Anders Gustafsson: Yes, the  so first were very excited about the opportunity. We think its a great example of highlighting the Internet of Things or enterprise asset intelligence for us, and how we can really bring this ability to operations, which is a physical world and tie that back into applications and internet. So the  weve been working with NFL for a quite a long time to pilot the systems last year and then start rolling it out this year, the initial agreement here is to implemented in 17 stadiums. So its first and foremost al the stadium that have Thursday football night games, but all teams would be part of that so this is put in that theyre widened. Our expectation is that we will rule it out for all the 31 stadiums later for this year also. We arent going to comment on the commercial terms particularly here, but we are excited about the opportunity and the revenue will start hitting second half of this year. The process I think the big opportunity to take this beyond the NFL. We have already made an announcement about Michael Waltrip Racing in May for NASCAR, they use it both for practice and for pit crew for evaluating pit crews and get more efficiency at the pit crews. But, we also have it on a ladies soccer team in China, Hockey team in Russia. We have lots of conversations now with basically all major leagues to see how they can take advantage of our sports analytics packages. So, I think that there will be lots of other types of sports doing this and going after also the practice fields for NFL and I would say one of the biggest themes that I hear when I  we talk to professional football leagues particularly is around how to get more people to attend the games and when they do attend the games and provide some enhanced value. So, part of what we can do with our solution is that we can provide new experiences for people who are at the games and we can also allow fans to engage with their teams in between games. So, you can do a fantasy football or other things that can be shared in a totally different way. So, I think from a sports franchise perspective, this is a great way of really having a much closer relationship with their fans and help that to improve their franchises.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And our next question comes from Michael Kim from Imperial Capital. Please go ahead.
Michael Kim  Imperial Capital: Hi, good morning guys. It sounded like  there is a bit of return in large deal activity, just curious if you can comment if you see that continuing through the balance of year. Also in the run rate business, if you see the channel inventory levels sort of normalized from historical levels?
Anders Gustafsson: So, Ill start and then Ill ask Mike Terzich to amplify a little bit here. First on the channel inventory, its very healthy today. There is no abnormalities, I guess to say, our channel inventory, we feel its an appropriate level across the globe. Large deal activity has been and run rate business continues to do well. Our run rate business is strong, whereas the majority of our business, large deal activity has obviously picked up quite nicely this year, it will be started in the second half of last year and continue through the first half and we see strong pipeline across the globe for the second half of this year. So, we feel the business is in good shape and we comparatively very well positioned also.
Mike Terzich: Michael, just couple other points on that. That is correct. I think the pipeline has increased in both value and volume in every geographic regions that we serve, most notably North America and Europe, but we also have a very strong pipeline that has been evolving in Asia Pacific, specifically Asia more around manufacturing vertical and the TNL market has been very robust in Asia as it continues to expand. In Europe it is nicely balanced that pipeline has some opportunity in the retail space, in the TNL space and in healthcare and in North America as we said earlier on the call its been driven by quite a bit of retail refresh, but also the TNL spaces got the nice opportunities as well. So, were feeling at this stage in the year, were in really good shape and to Anders earlier point run rate remains solid in all geographic regions and inventory levels are in very good position.
Michael Kim  Imperial Capital: Okay, great. And then just specifically on the Latin America region, can you remind us, how important Brazil is it a country market and if you see an opportunity to sort of turn that positive, now that we have passed the World Cup period?
Anders Gustafsson: So, Brazil is an important point of that America, but Mexico is the largest country for us in Latin America with Brazil being the second one. I would say over the last several years, the Latin American market has become more diversified for us, weve seen great growth in countries like Columbia. Chile has been another one. So, other markets are growing faster than some of the largest markets and thats being very nice to see. Brazil has always been a bit more volatile for us, last year we had a tougher comp. We had a large deal that didnt repeat itself in this quarter. And our belief is that the World Cup didnt help the business momentum in Brazil, but we still believe Brazil is a good market for us and that theres going to be a lot of demand for our products there.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Spinola from Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Andrew Spinola  Wells Fargo: Thanks. Can I ask you to maybe drill down a little bit more on the synergies. Do you have a sense of maybe how the full 150 you expect to be realized sort of, however you think about it, X,Y, Z amount in 2015 and 2016. Our just generally does the $50 million come more front-end loaded or back-end loaded, the incremental $50 million? Thanks.
Mike Smiley: Yes, this is Mike Smiley. I dont think we have, were still working on exactly when thats going to fall out. We do think that there is a meaningful portion that comes in the first year, but maybe more towards the back-half of the first year. But, again, I think the big reason for the increase from 100 to 150 is again, because of looking at our raw material cost. And then the other piece is the fact as we look through the activities that help us achieve the 150 outside the parts cars. We the ability to do those a little sooner than we had expect, I will tell you, when we did the $100 million, that was our best estimate at that time. So, I think the 150 is a more studied view today. But were  its a little bit premature to give you a better view as exactly when thats going to fall out year-to-year.
Andrew Spinola  Wells Fargo: Fair enough, thanks. And then just on supplies that business continue to do quite well, it sound like the environment, which is generally pretty good in your end markets. Do you think that this business can continue to run at rates close above the corporate average sort of around 10% maybe going forward?
Anders Gustafsson: Yes, we are very bullish on the supplies business, we first Id say its a very, very large market and we have a very small market share. In North America, we are the most penetrated and its been a high growth market  business for us here. But, if you look at markets like Asia Pac and Latin America, we are just starting to work on healthcare products there. And wed had, actually the strongest growth in the quarter for supplies was from a Asia Pac and Latin America. And another area which we think still has lots of growth opportunities for us for supplies is in healthcare or wristbanding and other labeling for healthcare.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And our next question comes from Keith Housum from Northcoast Research. Please go ahead.
Keith Housum  Northcoast Research: Hey my question is for Mike Smiley, I just want to follow-up. Mike, can you just help us drill down for about 150 million synergies. Is that coming from the number that investors come back into off of Motorolas 8-K or is that numbers that provided with the April 15, 8-K when the deal was announced?
Mike Smiley: So, are you talking Keith about standard cost?
Keith Housum  Northcoast Research: Yeah. There is a little big question about what exactly you guys are inheriting in terms of operating expenses and things of that nature. And we try to back into the numbers and look at  I think we look at two different scenarios. So, I just want to understand what our starting point is?
Mike Smiley: I guess Keith what I dont want to do and I cant really tell you exactly the math that makes up the $100 million that something you have to ask MSI on. But, and so our numbers is basically looking at the starting point of what we see for 2013 and looking for what we see as an optimal organization going forward as well as understanding opportunities in reducing the cost of our material. So, its not really reconciled off of the $100 million that MSI gave us and by the way, I think standard cost is a definition, which sometimes can give the idea that these are cost that our and our business and were going over. But, some of these costs were really never coming over and not sort of expected to be a burden to our P&L. So, I think if you try to reconcile those two numbers that maybe difficult to do.
Keith Housum  Northcoast Research: Okay. I appreciate the commentaries there. And then if I just come back to the core business, it sounds like in past quarter as a little more conversation was focused on the refresh cycle, where if I understood, stand from todays script its more driven by the penetration in the vertical that you play in. Is that a correct understanding or do you think the mix of the volume growth has more equalized between both the refresh cycle and increased penetration?
Mike Terzich: Keith this Mike Terzich. I think youre correct, I think certainly in the past quarters we talked to the point of the refresh cycle. From an experience perspective, we know that the cycles labs hard to say, hard to predict how long they run. Historically theyve run longer, than the one were in right one. But we also know that market dynamics have changed a little bit relative to some of the globalization and some of the competitive issues. So at this point, I would say that the balance in the quarterly performance shifted on us, a little bit away from the run rate and a little bit more towards the deal opportunity, which is not uncommon, if you look at the surge weve seen in the Europe and the robust outlook we have in North America. Were enjoying the deal activity on top of the run rate, but we seen a little moderation in the run rate.
Mike Smiley: I would say also the refresh tends, or large deals are often refreshed, but not always refreshed. And we do penetrate more deeply into some of our existing accounts with large deals and I would say this quarter we had some very nice large deals in manufacturing in China going into local domestic Chinese manufacturers who both are, high-end Exide printers. So we still certainly continuing to drive further penetration into all our verticals in the global basis and thats a good, provides a good growth opportunity for us.
Operator: Our next question comes from Greg Halter from Great Lakes Review. Please go ahead.
Greg Halter  Great Lakes Review: Yes good morning and congrats on the excellent results.
Anders Gustafsson: Thank you.
Greg Halter  Great Lakes Review: Just wanted to see if I could get your thoughts on how your three large customers did in the quarter and then what you are seeing going forward there?
Mike Smiley: Yes this is Mike Smiley, I dont think we had huge changes in the top three. Keep in mind those are all vendors, distributors and so they are not really representative sort of the three largest end customers. But we didnt see overall any major changes in those top three customers.
Greg Halter  Great Lakes Review: All right, and as I understand the MSI piece works with them as well?
Mike Smiley: Yes.
Greg Halter  Great Lakes Review: And one last one for you on the product innovation side, the Zatar integration iBeacon just wondered if you could comment on how thats going? Thanks.
Mike Smiley: And so Zatar in general we continue to be very excited about the opportunity that it offers. Our pipeline is growing and we continue to work on expanding our the functionality of Zatar. Beacon is one application that weve seen a lot of interest around, its primarily I would say two used cases, one is in retail where the beacon and it can be used to do locationing of shoppers in the store and help push couponing and other things to them. And we can do that with Zatar in different ways, you can either use your smartphone for this, which is how beacon solutions work or we can put it up on a more common screen, which is quite unique what we can do. We also see in used cases whether its in healthcare to pour, say helping to direct somebody who comes in at the to general incur desk and when I find radiology and they can use a beaconing technology to guide them to how to walk through the maze of the hospital.
Operator: We have no further questions. I will now turn the call back over to Doug Fox for closing comments.
Doug Fox: Thank you everybody for joining us today. Just as a reminder, our next quarter  schedule quarterly conference call will be on November 4th. So everybody have a good day. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you ladies and gentlemen, this concludes todays conference. Thank you for participating.

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-05-06 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Anders Gustafsson  CEO Mike Smiley  CFO Mike Terzich  SVP, Global Sales and Marketing Doug Fox  VP, IR
Analysts: Brian Drab  William Blair & Company Paul Coster  J.P. Morgan Securities, Inc Keith Housum  Northcoast Research Michael Kim  Imperial Capital, LLC Greg Halter  Great Lakes Review Andrew Spinola  Wells Fargo Securities, LLC 
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Zebra Technologies 2014 First Quarter Earnings Release Conference Call. Joining us from Zebra Technologies are Anders Gustafsson, CEO; Mike Smiley, CFO; Mike Terzich, Senior Vice President, Global Sales and Marketing and Doug Fox, Vice President of Investor Relations. All lines will be in a listen-only mode until after today's presentation. (Operator Instructions). At the request of Zebra Technologies, this conference call is being recorded. Should anyone have any objections, please disconnect at this time. At this time, I would now like to introduce Mr. Doug Fox of Zebra Technologies. Sir, you may begin.
Doug Fox: Thank you. Good morning. Thank you for joining us today. Certain statements made on this call will relate to future events or circumstances and therefore will be forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as expect, believe, and anticipate are a few examples of words identifying a forward-looking statement. Forward-looking information is subject to various risks and uncertainties, which could significantly affect expected results. Risk factors were noted in the news release we issued this morning and are also described in Zebras latest 10-K which is on file with the SEC. Now, let me turn the call over to Anders Gustafsson for some brief opening remarks.
Anders Gustafsson: Thank you, Doug and good morning everyone. I'm pleased to report that Zebra achieved record first quarter sales of $284 million and earnings of $0.82 per share including acquisition costs that reduced earnings by $0.09 per share. Earnings per share increased 78% year-over-year on sales growth of 22%. All geographic regions contributed to the sales growth. Improvements in large enterprise deals and the incremental contribution from the Hart Systems acquisition drove record sales in North America. In Europe, more sustained economic growth in the UK, Germany and other large countries helped us achieve record sales in this region as well. Overall, the record results also reflect sharp execution of an effective business strategy and broad based strength across our diverse business. For the quarter, the improvement in large deal activity complimented an ongoing strong run rate business through distribution partners. Sales were robust across all product lines. The notable increase in service and software revenues reflects the impact of our acquisition of Hart in December. We also saw improving profitability as our gross margin exceeded 51%. The growth in sales improved gross margin and leverage on operating expenses contributed to first quarter free cash flow of $47 million. As most of you are aware, a few weeks ago we announced our definitive agreement to acquire Motorola Solutions, Enterprise business excluding iDEN. Zebra gives fiscal assets a digital voice to drive business value; this is what we refer to as Enterprise Asset Intelligence. This transaction will create the largest player in Enterprise Asset Intelligence, while complementing and accelerating Zebra's transformation into company that provides the necessary building blocks for truly smart enterprise, in this Internet of Things world. The initial response to the amount spend from customers, channel partners and employees has been overwhelmingly positive. We further believe the combination of the two leading companies in our industry will create the highly appealing financial proposition for our shareholders from our increased scale significant synergies and greater participation in attractive secular trends. Now more than ever, we believe Zebra is well positioned to extend our industry leadership. Let me now highlight some areas of progress into first quarter. Product innovation remains a corner stone of Zebra's strategy. We continue to have a strong cadence of product introductions enhancing our value proposition with customers in targeted industries. During the quarter, we expanded the capabilities of our Zatar platform with the ability to integrate iBeacon technology to customize in-store displays. We also recently announced our first commercial agreement within important reseller to take advantage of the platform to offer their customers a new range of services and we are now working with a strategic healthcare partner, which is using Zatar to remotely manage and support printers through cloud based infrastructure as well as to manage our RFID tagged pharmacy trace within hospital. This week, we are excited to be announcing a great leap forward in innovation with our new ZT400 family of mid-range table top printers. Designed for maximum feature flexibility, the ZT400 is easier to integrate with best in class connectivity options. It gives customers faster print speed and quality and it is easily configurable for connectivity, communications and media handling to address a broad range of applications including RFID. With Link-OS and NFC communications, the ZT400 will be easier to manage over the cloud and obtain powerful web-based support. From the vertical perspective, we will soon be introducing the QLn healthcare solution series. This innovative mobile printers expand the capabilities of our popular QLn mobile printers to ensure patient safety and lower the risk of specimen mislabeling. The printers meet National Specimen Labeling standards, among several innovative features. They're built with disinfectant-ready plastics that allow healthcare workers to safely and easily clean the printers to reduce contamination risk. During the first quarter, we also advanced activities to further penetrate the existing market, we serve. In North America, we had record sales for the third consecutive quarter with further improvements in large enterprise deals and a steady high run rate business. Printer shipments to strategic accounts in retail and small package delivery were particularly strong as customers refresh a legacy product and implemented new applications. The improved pace of large deal activity has continued and the business pipeline is strong going into the second quarter. For the quarter, Hart Systems generated incremental revenue of $12 million substantially only North America. The acquisition of Hart holsters our leadership within retail and serves to address vital customer needs in the rapidly changing retail business environment. In EMEA, the continued improvement in the Euro zone economy contributed to our record sales performance in this region. Nearly all sub-regions experienced year-over-year growth with particularly strong demand in the UK, Germany, The Nordics and Spain. With a solid number of smaller deals, product shipments were notably strong to customers and retail, postal and rail. We also had robust growth in healthcare with thermal wristbands helping to support strong growth in supplies. Looking ahead, we have improved confidence in our email business based on the continued strong deal pipeline. In Latin America, sales increased to 11% driven primarily by solid run rate activity continued challenges in Argentina and Venezuela, were more than offset by strength and other parts of the regions. In addition to the strong run rate business, we had continued success with the deployment of card printers. Our supplies business was also strong supporting manufacturing customers in Mexico. Finally, in Asia-Pacific sales were up a solid 15% with broad strength in the region. We had robust shipments to retail customers in Australia. Further manufacturing heavy in Korea, contributed to growth in the region. As did growth in shipments to customers in China during traditionally slower period because of the Chinese New Year. We expect the positive business momentum to continue in the second quarter. Overall, Zebra's record first quarter results demonstrated continued improvement in business conditions and a strong global demand for our products and solutions. Our commitment to innovation enable Zebra to help our customers gain greater visibility in to the extended value changes, to improve critical business processes. Our deeper engagements with customers across industries and geographies coupled with our recently announced agreement to acquire the enterprise business of Motorola will enable Zebra to play a greater role in the important trends of Enterprise Asset Intelligence and mobility. Now our CFO, Mike Smiley will provide a detail revive of first quarter results and guidance for the second quarter of 2014. After Mike's remarks, I'll return for some brief and closing comments.
Mike Smiley: Thank you, Anders. Let me highlight some of the key components of Zebra's first quarter results. First we had record sales with increases in all four geographic reasons. Second; operating leverage enabled EPS growth of 78% and third Hart performed strong in line with our expectations. Before reviewing our financial performance for the first quarter. Let me quickly review the details of a recent announcement to acquire the enterprise business for Motorola. As a reminder, we are not acquiring the iDEN. The purchase price of the transaction is $3.45 billion in cash which represents a multiple for the business we are buying of approximately 10.9 times adjusted EBITDA for the 12 months ended March 31, 2014 or 8.3 times EBITDA when you include expected synergies estimated at $100 million. We intend to fund this transaction through a combination of $3.25 billion of new debt and $200 million of cash on hand. As structured, the transactional make efficient use of our offshore cash holdings. Now let's take a look, at sales performance for the first quarter. For the quarter, sales increased 22% from $237 million last year to a record $288 million. On organic basis, sales increased 17%. Foreign exchange had a positive impact on sale of approximately $3 million net of hedges year-over-year. Sales for North America increased to a record $133 million up from 29% a year ago. In addition to the impact from Hart Systems, the result reflects strong growth in hardware with mobile printers performing best. We also had growth in desktop and table top printers. Sales on an organic basis exclusive of Hart, were up also 17%. In EMEA, sales increased 18% also to a new record. Nearly, all of our 13 sub-regions had year-over-year growth. The region had strong growth and retail, postal and rail in addition to healthcare with strong growth in thermal wristbands. In Latin America, sales increased 11% higher shipments to customers in Mexico and Brazil, offset ongoing weakness in Argentina and Venezuela from the economic and political challenge in those countries. In Asia Pacific sales increased 15% with growth in nearly every sub-region with notable shipments to customers and retail manufacturing. Underscoring the diversity of Zebra's business by product category, sales of hardware increased 18% and supplies advanced 11%. Services and software revenue grew 123% which reflects the impact of the revenues from the Hart Systems acquisition resulting in organic growth of 22%. For the first quarter, gross margin was 51.3% up from 47.7% a year ago. The higher gross margin reflects the impact of higher sales, a reduction in freight cost and the positive contribution of the operations of Hart. Now that hedge is favorable, currency movements increased first quarter gross profit by roughly $2 million year-over-year. Sales and marketing engineering and administrative expenses increased 8% from a year ago. The growth is primarily related to higher employee related expenses an increased expenses for outside professional services. Hart account for approximately $1.9 million of the $6 million of year-over-year growth. The operating expenses which are up 11% over a year ago included about $5 million in acquisition cost. The increase in acquisition cost was principally associated with the company's agreement to acquire the enterprise business of Motorola. Quarterly operating income of $53 million plus depreciation and amortization of $9 million and $5 million of acquisition exit and restructuring cost totaled $68 million of adjusted EBITDA. This compares with $38 million in adjusted EBITDA for the prior year quarter. As a result of the announced acquisition. We've started to present adjusted EBITDA in our press release. We believe this measure will help investor better understand the fundamental performance of our business. The effective income tax rate for the first quarter was 22.3%. The rate reflects the impact of approximately $4 million of acquisition cost to not deductible for tax purposes. Earnings totaled $0.82 per share including a reduction of $0.09 per share for acquisition expenses on 51 million average shares outstanding. At the end of the first quarter, we had 50.5 million shares outstanding. Financial results for the first quarter 2013 included exit acquisition and restructuring cost of $0.04 per share. For the first quarter inventories decreased $1.7 million from the fourth quarter. Inventory turns increased from 4.1 times for the fourth quarter to 4.7 times. Net receivables were up $4.7 million from the fourth quarter. The day sales outstanding declined from 65 days to 56 days. We entered the period with $468 million of cash in investments with approximately 60% held in foreign accounts, all of which are invested in US Dollar denominated securities. Now let's look at our 2014 second quarter forecast. We were forecasting second quarter sales in the range of $280 million to $290 million which represents an increase of approximately 13% year-over-year. The forecast reflects the company's historical, seasonal increase in the printer and supplies business offset by the typical sequential declining revenues from Hart Systems. Second quarter earnings are expected in the range of $0.74 to $0.84 per share excluding acquisition cost of 25% from last year's EPS of $0.60 per share excluding $0.03 per share of exit restructuring cost. Our forecast assumes that consolidated gross margin in the range of 48.5% to 49.5%. Also reflecting the seasonal lower contribution from Hart Systems. Operating expenses for the second quarter are forecasted between $88 million and $90 million excluding acquisition expenses. The forecast also assumes an effective income tax rate of 20%. That concludes my formal remarks. Thank for your attention. Now here's Anders for some concluding comments.
Anders Gustafsson: Thank you, Mike. Zebra's strong first quarter results demonstrate the success of our strategies to drive profitable growth. Our investments in product innovation, emerging technologies, channel development and geographic expansion of making Zebra more strategic to more customers in new ways. Our business diversity, the global strength of the Zebra brand a sustainable competitive advantages we continue to possess, would enable us to extend our industry leadership. We see multiple avenues for growth and high returns, as we diversify and expand our business to leverage opportunities from emerging technology trends. Through the acquisition of Motorola's Enterprise business. We will have the ability to offer smart solutions, enabling companies to identify, track and manage their assets, transactions and people. These emerging technologies include data sensing, tracking and capturing devices that transmission of those resulting data streams via a secure wireless and wireline network, flexible cloud based application platforms and big data analytics to mind the data streams for actionable business insights. Looking ahead, the new Zebra will be a clear leader at the forefront of innovation in Enterprise Asset Intelligence Solutions. With an extensive R&D platform and a significant patent portfolio. Our expertise in RFID technologies now with enterprise computing, scanning, specialty printing, wireless LAN and location solutions will not only give us scale in procurement, manufacturing and logistics. It will vastly expand our distribution reach and deepen our network of value added channel partners. All of this will come together, within a global organization that has a deep history of well established brands and innovation. Finally, the great diversity of our business. Our financial strength and continued industry leadership provide us the resiliency to pursue multiple growth opportunities and our recent investments are critical high return activities that helps Zebra penetrate existing markets more deeply, as well as expand our presence in new exciting areas of growth. All of this gives us great confidence and optimism in Zebra's future. Thank you for your attention today. We look forward to providing you with regular updates on our progress through 2014. I would now like to turn the call back to Doug for Q&A.
Doug Fox: Thank you, Anders. Before we open the call to your questions, let me ask that you limit yourself to one question and one follow-up. In addition Mike and I will be available after the call for any further discussions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) And we have Ryan Treff from William Blair in line for question. Please go ahead.
Brian Drab  William Blair & Company: Good morning, this is Brian Drab. How are you?
Anders Gustafsson: Good.
Brian Drab  William Blair & Company: Good, just Mike really quickly to clarify you said 22% organic revenue growth and I missed what that was for  was that for software segment?
Mike Smiley: That was for  the difference would be for Hart. So we had about $12 million of revenue for Hart that we didn't have a year ago.
Brian Drab  William Blair & Company: Right. Okay, so $12 million and so the growth in North America of 29% given Hart is, I guess it's about 90% in North America. Maybe more the  you had high-teen, maybe 17%, 18%, organic revenue growth in North America.
Mike Smiley: 17%.
Brian Drab  William Blair & Company: Okay, sorry if I missed that. Okay, 17% so very strong organic revenue growth rate and I'm trying to just drill down into. If you look at the first three quarters of last year with average of around 2% revenue growth in North America. You've talked about the step up in large deal activity but also step up in the run rate business. You mentioned small package industry is going through a refresh cycle. Can you just talk about what's driving that refresh cycle, is it really focused on in one industry or is it more broad and are you seeing more, is a proportion of sales. Are you seeing more large deal impact than you did last year?
Anders Gustafsson: I'll take the first part of that and then I'll hand it over Mike Terzich for that follow-up. So Q1 was a very good quarter for us overall in North America, with a strong run rate business, but it was very much complimented by large deal activity, which have has really ramped up over the last three quarters for us. North America is the most diverse region we have, so from a vertical perspective. We saw particular strength in retail, T&L and healthcare and when we look forward. I guess, we've  we see more of the same. We have good momentum in the business today. The pipeline for large deal continues to look very healthy and the run rate is performing very well also. So now, Mike Terzich.
Mike Terzich: Okay, Brian. Just a couple added points what Anders articulated here. In North America we enjoyed a particularly strong quarter in the retail, the large deal activity has come back. I think retail has been somewhat on the sidelines over the last couple of years. there's a been a lot, a lot of stuff going on in the retail dynamics from a project perspective, but there's a quite a few projects that have been put back into play. Healthcare as Anders noted and I think the other piece to this is. Historically, we've been seeing some refresh rates in North America. This is probably been the market, where when you go back 2008, 2009. When things kind of reset after the economic challenges of that period. North America was still the one market that I think has been a little absent some of those refresh cycle. We may have actually the refresh cycle at some point and we are seeing a surge that's supporting that run rate business. So we've got the best of both worlds right now. We've got the return of large deal activity principally centered and retail in some of the T&L space combined with a strong refresh run rate through the traditional distribution channel.
Brian Drab  William Blair & Company: Okay, thanks very much.
Operator: And we have Paul Coster with J.P. Morgan in line with a question. Please go ahead.
Paul Coster  J.P. Morgan Securities, Inc: Yes, thanks very much appreciate you taking the questions. I just want to sort of follow through on Brian's questions here. The visibility seems to be improving which obviously is a result of this bigger deal. So the bigger deal, are there more deals, are they bigger and are they also very sort of more extended timeline? Plus can you give us a some sense of all three of those metrics and how they're evolving?
Anders Gustafsson: So specifically for North America, we have I guess as all of those, we have more large deals. They have become somewhat larger or the average is probably similar to what it was before, but we have probably have a few more larger deals and some of those larger deals, do spend more than one quarter.
Paul Coster  J.P. Morgan Securities, Inc: Now that you generally sort of taking the products off the shelf or is there any sort of project, so they're not occurring through revenue associated with these, that helps you sort of maybe there is some cost attached to it but it gives you even more confidence around the timeline because you know what your project deliverables are?
Anders Gustafsson: Most of our products in these larger deals use more standard products, but we do have more custom software applications to be put on them, so there's some specific things for communications or integrations or other things to make them more easily integrate into our customer's networks. So we do have some of that, but there's a pretty light touch for the most part, as far as how much customization we do on our products.
Paul Coster  J.P. Morgan Securities, Inc: Okay, last question on Hart. Can you talk just little bit about the growth opportunity. There is, is it international or is it sort of cross-selling into your existing US base or is it both any color, that would be helpful?
Mike Smiley: Just a little bit of refresher, then I'll turn back to Anders to talk about just as a basically half of Hart's revenue comes in the first quarter of the year so, as we go forward Hart will become less significant in quarters two through four, but this being sort of significant. We called it out a little bit more in our call and I think Anders can talk a little bit about the growth opportunities.
Anders Gustafsson: I think there is lots of growth opportunities in North America and in the international markets. So the market share of Hart's approach of more of a self-service inventory solution is still pretty low. So there's lots of opportunities to go after the more traditional heavier workforce implementations that most retailers use and there's been good progress on couple of nice wins in the first quarter and some good pilots that they're doing. If you think just about, the whole omni-channel activity for instance that's a big driver for having greater inventory accuracy. So more and more retailers are looking to be able to ship customer's orders, customer request from any store or from any warehouse. So having then, when you're taking a order and do that you've got to have more confidence that you have accurate view of your in-store inventory or warehouse inventory. So that's something that's Hart very much helps retailers do. So I see this as a market which is still very low penetration and it plays to some strong secular trends in retail.
Operator: And we have Keith Housum from Northcoast in the line with a question. Please go ahead.
Keith Housum  Northcoast Research: Thanks, gentlemen I appreciate you taking the call and great quarters -- quarter. As we look at the growth, hardware had a fantastic quarter year-over-year. You find a little bit more color on, is that growth coming from the refresh cycle or perhaps a bit color on new verticals that you guys are in or expanded product entries, got new business this cycle or perhaps you didn't have, the last year or even last refresh cycle that we saw.
Anders Gustafsson: The strength in the hardware business. First I'd say, I'll give the [into] and I'll hand over to Mike Terzich again. I'll say the strength in the hardware business broad based. Cleary the refresh cycle is giving an extra boost to it, refresh is printer-centric, it is very hardware-centric but it comes from refreshes, it comes from the work we've done to penetrate new vertical like healthcare, partial deliveries in Asia-Pacific. Lots of things that have contributed to it, but for the quarter I would say large deal activity was made with the largest single contributor to the increase. Mike, any further thoughts?
Mike Terzich: Okay, Keith. Yes, I think I would say the characterization the hardware performance kind of goes back to some of the prepared comments that Anders made earlier which is, we are really enjoying the diversity of our business. When you look at geographic diversity and you look at the vertical market diversity. It's really playing very favorably for us. So we are enjoying the large deal activities that have been primarily associated with the retail and the T&L space. We are seeing refresh which is been driven in multiple geographies. Asia is a big manufacturing corridor for us now. So we are enjoying refresh in Europe and in Asia and even in North America some of the warehousing applications. We are seeing some refresh on some of the heavier side of our hardware business. And we are getting the emerging growth opportunities that are coming up from the spaces like healthcare and we've obviously got some purposely built design products that are going to be entering that space. We are starting to see some hardware demand even in those emerging verticals. So it's diversity that's really working for us across the business right now.
Keith Housum  Northcoast Research: I appreciate that and then if I can just drill down, hi for Michael Smiley just drill down on gross margin of the quarter. You know obviously Hart was contributor and [freight] cost, I'm trying to understand a little bit more about the Hart business. Whether it'd be safe to assume that maybe the  increase in the gross margin was 50% attributable to Hart or is that for us too little, too small?
Mike Smiley: I'm sorry are you saying 50% of the gross margin, explain that again?
Keith Housum  Northcoast Research: Yes, gross margin improvement compared to last year. With that 50% improvement [indiscernible] for the Hart.
Mike Smiley: Well, I don't know that it'd be 50%, but I can tell you the gross margin. Again we had about roughly $12 million of revenue from Hart. The gross margin on Hart is meaningfully higher than the company average. So on $12 million it helps, it doesn't certainly explain everything. We also had the higher volumes. We are able to spread more of our overhead over greater number of units, so I would call that better absorption. I will also say, our operations team basically hit on all cylinders this quarter really performing extremely well. They've been investing a fair amount of time and energy in projects that help us to run that part of the business better. We are not planning for exceptional performance every quarter and I think our second quarter gross margin forecast sort of gives ourselves something a little bit closer to the average, but we certainly performed extremely well in the first quarter and the other piece is obviously benefitted a little bit from foreign exchange. So those of you, Hart better absorption lower overhead and then foreign exchange or it's sort of the four primary drivers that we point to.
Anders Gustafsson: But Hart will be a little less than it would not be as much as 50% at a gross margin that is less than that.
Mike Smiley: Yes
Keith Housum  Northcoast Research: Got it, all right. Appreciate it. Thank you.
Operator: And the next question comes from Michael Kim from Imperial Capital. Please go ahead.
Michael Kim  Imperial Capital, LLC: When you're thinking at your sales pipeline? How you continue to see the hardware makes is broad based, do you see opportunities driven by either geographic or vertical opportunities and how you see as these margins trending, given that pipeline?
Anders Gustafsson: So I'll start again and then ask Mike to provide some more detail color, but I think similar to  how we answered the previous question. The diversity of our business is really helping us. We are seeing strong performance, strong pipeline for I will say all regions and all verticals. So this is not a one vertical, one region type of thing. This is very much demonstrating, the broad strength of our business. The price points and margin outlook we have, I think our business tend to be quite steady. We are very disciplined in our pricing approach. So we don't expect that to be any material difference in pricing or margins based on the larger deals.
Mike Terzich: Mike, just a couple other points on this. I would say that, we have certainly within the business, we have put a lot of focus emphasis on improving our large deal pipeline from a visibility and a from a validity perspective and that is been an internal initiative that is really starting to pay more dividends in our confidence to look into the pending quarter and gain some confidence on what's transpiring. And I think along the lines the larger deal opportunities for us, tend to be oriented towards our mobile printer devices and to a lesser extent on some of our desktop product range and some of our card printing product ranges. So to agree that, we see more activity in that space. They generally comes from a mix of our product that is away from some of the traditional big iron, higher margin product but we have been able to offset that to Mike's point by all the good work we've been doing on the supply chain side and getting scale out of a lot of our electronic design architecture.
Michael Kim  Imperial Capital, LLC: Great and then when you think the refresh cycle and the new products and improving in EMEA. How are you guys thinking about balancing investments versus the operating leverage that you saw in the quarter, just given all the opportunities that you're seeing in the pipeline?
Anders Gustafsson: We are obviously carefully assessing balance our investments versus in the business versus kind of profitability, but first and foremost we want to make sure we invest in our core business to make sure, we can continue to extend our leadership position in industry. We think that generates lots of long-term benefits for the business as far as having product leadership, getting the market share and the scale benefits. So that is very important to us, but we're obviously mindful that we also need to deliver healthy returns to our shareholders. So at the moment, I feel we've been able to strike a fairly good balance in that respect.
Michael Kim  Imperial Capital, LLC: Obviously with the pending acquisitions with Motorola's Solutions enterprise business. Are you already in your planning process of integrating that organization with your investment spend on either R&D or your selling marketing activities?
Anders Gustafsson: Well it's probably a little early to start talking about the specific investment profiles, different parts of the organization will have, but from an integration perspective I feel we're where we expect to be being three weeks into this transaction, actually it's three weeks today since we announced it, right? The point of Mike Terzich was on the phone to be the Lead Integration Officer, he has very good experience  long experience with us obviously and but also been the champion for our relationship with Motorola for many years. We've started to ramp all the activities around  integration management office. We've had a number of meetings with our combined teams [indiscernible]. We've identified the functional team leaders toward the different work streams that we have to perform. We are largely done populating those teams with the individuals, who will do the work and we are now in the process of scoping  the actual work streams all the things we have to do there. So early in the process, but I feel good about where we are. I think we are on target and I would say also since we have had such long history with Motorola and it's very complimentary solution set. The working teams are  they know each other well. There's lot of comfort with getting along, so I would say it's -- all the working teams are getting along very well and working well together based on having a good familiarity with each other. And Mike, maybe a few extra words from you.
Mike Terzich: No, I think it's pretty much in line, I think where we need to be at this stage. We've been very complimentary selling at different ends of the solution spectrum. So it's a very friendly acquisition so to speak and so we've got very high [spree to core] with the work teams, but the heavy lifting is really just beginning, but we feel we put the best our best people in charge of some key work streams and we are marching towards a flawless day one, close.
Michael Kim  Imperial Capital, LLC: Terrific, well good luck with that and thank you very much.
Operator: And we have Greg Halter from Great Lakes Review in line with a question. Please go ahead.
Greg Halter  Great Lakes Review: Thank you and congrats on the excellent results.
Anders Gustafsson: Thank you.
Greg Halter  Great Lakes Review: I wonder, if you could detail your large customers in the quarter. I think there has been three of them, there have been three of them and also how that dynamic may change once the acquisition is consummated?
Mike Smiley: Mike this is Smiley. By the way, so when you look at it again the three large customers I think you're referring to our distributors and when you sort of add the three up, they're about the same percentage sales for the top three about the same as they were a year ago. Although, there has been some mix change between them. I don't know, if you want me your color going.
Anders Gustafsson: Maybe, Mike T you want to?
Mike Terzich: Well, I think that's exactly right. I mean the three largest our distributors and we are pretty confident that when we close on the transaction, the three largest will remain those distributors. I don't think necessarily it will change, who is represented in that list. We will clearly become a large piece of business to those respective distributors and that certainly worth noting, I think from our perspective those are important relationships, they've been important relationships to both Motorola and to Zebra and we don't envision that's going to change. We are excited about the opportunity to leverage the combined businesses and put forth, what we think will be ultimately a very exciting channel program and channel proposition that'll just further cement opportunities for us in the broader market.
Anders Gustafsson: I would just add also that, we've obviously spoken at length with our these three distributors but also many other resellers and the feedback we've had been very, very positive. People see this as, a great combination that will drive some more innovation in the industry will reinvigorate the industry to some degree and people will be very, very supportive of the transaction and not expressed any particular concerns.
Greg Halter  Great Lakes Review: Okay, sounds good and then on the guidance. The EPS guidance, Mike that you provided the $0.74 to $0.84 is that including or excluding costs?
Mike Smiley: It includes most costs, but its excluding the acquisition exit restructuring that we normally exclude, when we quote our number.
Greg Halter  Great Lakes Review: What do you envision that amount to be?
Mike Smiley: Well that's a number, we announced the transaction three weeks ago and so we are putting that together right now. We really don't have as good a visibility into that as we need as we're trying to put together the right teams and resource, to make sure we're effective, so we are working through that right now, we don't have any better color to give you.
Anders Gustafsson: We have been trying to make sure, focus on getting the integration down right and make sure the teams have, feel that they can get the right type of resources and advisors to augment both competencies and just the strength of the teams. So you don't want to be pennywise and pound foolish here. So we want to make sure, we do this right and get the right outcome and can be getting off to a very good start, when we do close the transaction.
Greg Halter  Great Lakes Review: Okay, but there is no other exit acquisition or restructuring cost from Hart or any other transactions in that number?
Anders Gustafsson: Not of any consequence.
Greg Halter  Great Lakes Review: Okay, thank you.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) and we have Andrew Spinola, Wells Fargo on line, with a question. Please go ahead.
Andrew Spinola  Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Thank you. Mike T, made the comment before the Zebra and Motorola are sort of opposite ends of one solution to the enterprise market knowing that, it seems somewhat surprising that there is such a big gap between the growth rate in your hardware business up 18% year-over-year and Motorola down 1% [Exide] and I'm just wondering how you reconcile those differences and how you think about, how these two businesses are sort of executing market share gains and losses and how that all plays into your guidance to 4% to 5% going forward?
Anders Gustafsson: So first I think that, we believe there are significant opportunities for the combined business. We've had great response from all stakeholders I would say that customers who will ultimately determine the success of the combination. We do have early indications of our thesis that we will have more relevance with CIOs. We can now provide broader solutions. We will have largest spend and be more strategic, more important to them. We see great opportunities for cross-selling our solutions particularly so in diversity market side where we are very strong in healthcare and manufacturing. We believe, we can pull in some Motorola Solutions there and Motorola is very strong in retail and T&L and can help us in that area. I think there's a few things that, I believe have held back growth on the enterprise side. I think the Microsoft OS issues appear to be irritant to customers I guess, the Microsoft have been somewhat vague in expressing or specifying what the roadmap for their operating systems look like in the future, but Motorola has made a strong commitment to Android, which I think is playing out very well for the more so and expands the market quite a bit. The Motorola business has also been quite cyclical like ours. But I think we got out of our cyclical downturn, a little earlier but I believe that they are coming out of their downturn also and we did a lot of work in between, while we were going to do due diligence on the transaction to really understand and get comfortable with what the underlying growth rate for the industry was, Motorola's competitive positioning, the risk of customer device encroachment and all of those things baked together. We concluded, we should be able to achieve a growth rate, longer term growth rate to 4% to 5% and I think also when we look at the longer term. There is certainly a number of very attractive secular trends that I think will support the business. Mobility being probably the most prominent one, we ever think we have a strong mobility play. Motorola is really all about mobility. All companies are trying to make their employees and workers more mobile, less tethered but also they need to have the right tools to drive the productivity in the field. So we're very much in place to what we do, they have Internet of Things. We are generating a lot of real-time data that was actually happening our customers in operations. Be that retail store or assembly line o healthcare facility and enabling our customers to take advantage of that and drive that into more so cloud computing and if you look at, if you move a worker from being to an office employee to field worker, you need to also then to said drive the same level of tools and other things to enable and to be productive. And what happens then as you start migrating your desktop applications to the cloud and have the user interface on a mobile device. So we see a lot of opportunities for us to be able to drive growth and continue to make this a very accretive business.
Andrew Spinola  Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Thanks, that's very helpful. Just changing directions a little bit on the supplies business. I had thought that business might slowdown a little in Q4, after you annualized LaserBand acquisition but yet you've grown double digits in both Q4 and Q1 and I'm wondering, do you think about that business, is having that type of growth profile going forward and how much is it all coming out all of healthcare or what kind of color can you give us on, how to think about that business and what's driving growth?
Anders Gustafsson: I'll start and then I'll Mike T, to provide some further color here. This is -- first I guess we have the supplies business, the supplies market place is a huge market place much, much larger than the barcode printer market space and we have a very low market share. So for us, we are still just scratching the surfaces as to where we are from a market share perspective. So we are one of the largest market share player, but it is a very, very fragmented industry. So what we have done internally, I will say apart from the LaserBand acquisition, as we have to put lot more emphasis and focus on driving supplies, revenues. I think our sales teams today see that the only way for them to really make their numbers is to also sell supplies. They see that as being very additive part of our portfolio to their quote us. So we are managing at, more differently I guess we are putting much more focus and emphasis on it, then we saw did some years back probably and maybe with that, Mike you can add a couple of comments?
Mike Terzich: Just a couple more Andrew. It's really  it's really a gem of a business for us and to Andrews point. Our focus has been in the specialty media spaces where the customers are marking, tagging a variety of critical assets. Those could be as basic as patients in a hospital, but they could be very high priced assets in a supply chain and it really speaks to the growing opportunity in big data and some of that insight that we are helping customers drive through their value and their supply chain. So we tend to play in the higher margin specialty space. It's less competitive to Anders point it's a very large market but there is a big cross section of the market that is plain paper labels going on cardboard boxes, which is very competitive and the label has to last the life of the parcel ship and that's not where want to play, we want to play on the high-end specialty where the information and the ability to read that information multiple times and sometimes over multiple years becomes of high value and that has allowed us to kind of separate ourselves from a lot of the commodity players. We have the financial strength to carry a lot of this high-end raw material. In inventory and convert that, specifically to a customer and then we've been able to that by expanding our converting locations and getting closer to that customer base and the Zebra brand is actually a very relevant piece to that equation. So it's been, we've been clearly outperforming the broader supplies markets we've been taking share and we really like the way, we are positioned in that business.
Mike Smiley: This is Mike Smiley one last comment. I think, one reason I like this business, this is the fairly stable almost like an annuity type business, which again supports the stability of our cash flows that does makes, one of the reasons makes Zebra feel very attractive or be very attractive.
Andrew Spinola  Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: That's great, thanks very much.
Operator: And we have no further questions at this time. I'll now turn the call back over to Doug Fox, for closing remarks.
Doug Fox: Thank you and again thank you for joining us today. I want to let you know that our next regularly scheduled quarterly call will be on August 6 and with that on behalf of the Zebra Management team. Thank you for joining us today.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating, you may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q4  (2014-02-19 11:00:00) =====
Executives:  Anders Gustafsson - CEO Mike Smiley - CFO Mike Terzich - SVP of Global Sales and Marketing Doug Fox - VP of IR
Analysts: Ryan Treff - William Blair and Company Keith Housum - North Coast Research Michael Kim - Imperial Capital Jason Rogers - Great Lakes Review  
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Zebra Technologies 2013 Fourth Quarter Earnings Release Conference Call. Joining us from Zebra Technologies, are Anders Gustafsson, CEO; Mike Smiley, CFO; Mike Terzich, Senior Vice President of Global Sales and Marketing; and Doug Fox, Vice President of Investor Relations. All lines will be in a listen-only mode until after todays presentation. Instructions will be given at that time in order to ask your question. At the request of Zebra Technologies, this conference call is being recorded. Should anyone have any objections, please disconnect at this time. And at this time, I would now like to introduce Mr. Doug Fox of Zebra Technologies. Sir, you may begin.
Doug Fox: Good morning. Thank you for joining us today. Certain statements made on this call will relate to future events or circumstances and therefore will be forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as expect, believe, and anticipate are a few examples of words identifying a forward-looking statement. Forward-looking information is subject to various risks and uncertainties, which could significantly affect expected results. Risk factors were noted in the news release we issued this morning and are also described in Zebras latest 10-K which is on file with the SEC. Now, let me turn the call over to Anders Gustafsson for some brief opening remarks.
Anders Gustafsson: Thank you Doug and good morning everyone. Zebra achieved record financial results for the fourth quarter of 2013 on strong sales and earnings growth. For the quarter earnings, increased to 20% to a record $0.82 per share, including acquisition, exit and restructuring costs that reduced earnings by $0.09 per share. Quarter sales increased to 12% over the fourth quarter of 2012 to a record $284 million. Growth was broad based across virtually all dimensions of our core business. Supported by this performance I am proud to report that Zebra surpassed $1 billion in annual sales for the first time in the companys history. For the quarter, sales increased in three out of our four geographic regions with North America and Europe setting new records. Run rate activity through distribution partners across all regions remained firm and large deal business improved. Sales in all product categories, hardware, supplies, service and software grew more than 10% year-over-year with sales of all printer lines increasing as well. Fourth quarter growth was virtually all organic with the Hart Systems acquisition in mid-December contributing less than $400,000 to sales. Even though some areas of weakness remain most notably in parts of Southern Europe and Latin America Zebras broad success reflects continued improvement in business conditions in many of our verticals and geographies. The record volume supported solid gross margins, operating income growth and free cash flow. Our results demonstrate the effective execution of our proven strategies that have enabled us to first penetrate the targeted industries such as retail and healthcare more deeply with solutions that offer a compelling value proposition. Second, expand into new market. Third, intensify innovation around product and processes. Fourth, maximize operational effectiveness. And lastly, inspire our people and culture. Investments and the steadfast focus on execution of these strategies have further enhanced the diversity of our business across geographies, solutions and customers. They will continue to strengthen our core business while persisting us with initiatives that align Zebra with prevailing technology trends such as the Internet of things Big Data and cloud computing. In North America, sales increased 16% fueled by strong run rate business and an improvement in large enterprise deals, in part from refresh cycles. In addition to retail and transportation and the logistics, healthcare remained a solid contributor to growth with momentum continuing within our wrist band product lines. Our patient identification solutions improve hospital efficiency, patient safety and enable electronic health record systems. Supply had an excellent quarter in the region with sales increasing more than 15%. Thus far in 2014, Zebras strong core value proposition has led to further opportunities in North America. In addition, the acquisition of Hart Systems and the formation of our retail solutions group to deliver a broader range of solutions to our retail customers add to our optimism for continued growth in the region. In EMEA positive trends continued during the quarter with growth in nine out of 13 sub-regions and ongoing challenged business environment in part of Southern Europe partially offset solid growth in the UK, Benelux and Spain. Large deal activity improved along with the strengthening run rate business. During the quarter we shipped mobile and RFID printers to retail customers, card printers for a variety of personal ID applications and a broad range of supplies. For the first quarter of 2014, we have a firm pipeline of business including orders that will be fulfilled for postal applications in Italy and rail applications in Hungary among other deals. In Latin America economic and political challenges and the shipment of a large deal last year restricted growth in the region. Card printer shipments remained strong as I refreshed product line continues to gain popularity for using applications such as drivers licenses, student IDs and bank credit cards. Strength in Mexico from a rebounding manufacturing sector partially offset sales declines in Brazil and other South American countries. In Asia Pacific, sales increased 29% and exceeded $40 million for the second consecutive quarter, return of manufacturing in the region led to higher shipments to customers in China, India and South Korea. Broad improvement across Asia Pacific also included sales to customers and retail and healthcare. Shipments of card products continued to gain momentum as well. Also in Asia Pacific the power of Zebras brand helped to drive strong growth in supplies, the growth is a direct result of our investments in regional supplies of product managers and highlight how our customers value the quality and consistency of our supplies for their mission critical labeling applications. Overall Zebras record fourth quarter results demonstrate the strong global demand for our products and solutions. Companies worldwide rely on Zebra printers supplies and other products to identify track and manage their assets better, across their supply chains. Ongoing competitive forces continued to drive our customers to invest in core bar-coding solutions. In addition to emerging technologies, such as passive and active RFID, to improve business execution and deliver better customer service. Zebra is leveraging its competitive advantages including scale installed base and global go-to-market channels to help more customers achieve their goals. Our success is extending our leadership in a fundamentally attractive industry. Were confident in our ability to continue to diversify our business across multiple dimensions to drive further growth and enhance shareholder value. Now our CFO, Mike Smiley would provide a detail review of fourth quarter results and guidance for the first quarter of 2014. After Mikes remarks I will return for some brief closing comments.
Mike Smiley:  Thank you Anders. Let me highlight some of the key components to Zebras fourth quarter results. First, sales increased broadly across all dimensions to Zebra core business. Our system was not a material contributor to performance in the quarter. Second gross margin improved primarily from the increase in volume, and third operating expenses included higher marketing professional services and employee compensation costs. Now lets take a look at sales. For the quarter sales increased 12.4% from $253 million last year to a record $284.5 million. The high pace of business was sustained through the entire quarter; foreign exchange had a positive impact on sales $2 million net of hedges. Sales for North America increased 16% from a year ago with strong growth in hardware, supply service and software. Within North America desktop, mobile and kiosk printers were top performers. In EMEA, sales increased 6.4% also to a new record; nine out of 13 sub-regions had year-over-year growth. The region had strong growth in RFID, mobile, kiosk and card printers as well as supplies. Latin America sales declined 3.5% against record sales a year ago, higher shipments to the customers in Mexico, Argentina and Colombia partially offset declines in Brazil, Chile and Peru. In Asia Pacific, sales increased 29% with growth in nearly every sub-region. Table top printers supported customer expansions and manufacturing, in addition we had strong shipments of desktop, mobile and card printers to customers in retail, healthcare and government as our marketing activities further diversify our business in the region. Were very pleased with the success of our desktop printers; they are designed to meet the needs of customers in developing regions. Underscoring diversity as Zebras business by product category, sales of hardware increased 12% and supplies advanced 13%, services revenue grew 19% primarily for investments we made to expand the number of repair facilities around the world and the greater emphasis on sales and marketing. Software revenue was up 72% on small base, for the fourth quarter gross margin was 49.6% up from 49.2% a year ago. As I mentioned higher volume was the primary reason for the improvement, hedges favorable currency movements increased fourth quarter gross profit by $1.7 million. Sales and marketing engineering and administrative expenses increased 9.4% from a year ago. The growth is primarily related to higher marketing professional services and employee compensation costs. Total operating expenses which were up 14% over a year ago included $3.3 million in acquisition costs as you pick up the pace of M&A activity. Part of the quarters expenses related to the completed Hart acquisition. Exit and restructuring cost totaled $2.4 million for the quarter. The expense primarily relates to actions were taking to re-direct more location solutions resources to sports and other motion management opportunities.  Quarterly operating income of $49.1 million plus depreciation and amortization of $8.8 million totaled $57.9 million of cash earnings or $1.14 of cash EPS on a pretax basis. The effective income tax rate for the third quarter was 17.3%; rate reflects the impact of a greater proportion of our income that is generated in regions with lower tax rates plus some one-time benefits from certain tax filings. Earnings totaled $0.80 per share including a reduction of $0.09 per share for acquisition expenses and exit and restructuring cost and 50.7 million average shares outstanding. At the end of the fourth quarter, we had 50.3 million shares outstanding. For the fourth quarter, inventories increased $14.4 million from the third quarter to further improve customer service levels and reduce spread (Ph) cost. Net receivables are up $1.3 million from the third quarter. Quarterly inventory turns held stay from the third quarter at five times. Days sales outstanding declined from 61 days to 56 days. During the quarter we generated $51 million in free cash flow. This amount brought full year free cash flow to $175 million. We deployed approximately $100 million for the quarter with $95 million for the Hart acquisition and $5 million for the buyback of 88,100 shares of Zebra stock at a weighted average price of $52.70 per share. For the full year, we returned $63 million to Zebra shareholders in the form of stock buybacks. We ended the period with $416 million of cash investments with approximately 50% held in foreign accounts, all of which are invested in U.S. dollar denominated securities. Now lets look at our 2014 first quarter forecast. We are forecasting first quarter sales in the range of $276 million to $286 million. The forecast contemplates continued organic growth plus the revenue contribution from Hart Systems. In 2013, Hart had annual revenues of approximately $21 million; about half of its revenues occurred in the first quarter with the other half spreads somewhat evenly across the subsequent periods. Because of large effect Hart has in the first quarter revenues, we expect a typical sequential increase in Zebras consolidated second quarter sales to be more muted on a go-forward basis. Expected sequential growth in core printer and supply sales will be offset by seasonal reduction in Harts revenues. Hart will be immediately accretive to Zebras earnings.  First quarter earnings are expected in the range of $0.77 to $0.87 per share. Our forecast assumes a consolidated gross margin in the range of 49.5% to 50.5% which impart is benefited by higher gross margins associated with Hart. Operating expenses for the first quarter are forecast between $88 million and $90 million impart due to the usual increase in first quarter benefit cost and Hart operating expenses. The forecast also assumes an effective income tax rate of 19.5%. That concludes my formal remarks. Thank you for your attention. Now here is Anders Gustafsson concluding comments.
Anders Gustafsson:  Thank you, Mike. Zebras record fourth quarter results underscore the global strength of the Zebra brand and the value of the diversity of our business. The underlying drive of companies to gain greater visibility into their extended value chains continues to create abundant opportunities for us. Looking ahead Zebra is well positioned for further success by leveraging our considerable competitive advantages and focusing on those activities that extend our leadership over the long-term. Our core business continues to hold multiple avenues for growth and high returns from further vertical and geographic expansion. Greater business diversification offers considerable opportunities particularly with customers in retail, healthcare and government. To achieve this goal we are building on our industry leading channel partner network by adding new partners to reach customers in more geographic regions and emerging technology areas. We are also optimistic about further growth by increasing our annuity attach rate in services, software and supplies to complement our leading industry position in thermal printers. In retail, Hart has given us greater critical mass for delivering a broader suite of solutions that address vital customer needs in a rapidly changing business environment. Our high value portfolio now includes software and hardware solutions for inventory management and pricing, mobile point of sale and a broad set of applications for personalized customer engagement to deliver unique customer insights and efficient retail operations. It enables us to sell more deeply across a wider range of customers. Product innovation continues at the brisk pace at Zebra. In 2013, we introduced 17 printer related products. In the fourth quarter we introduced the ZD500R RFID desktop printer. Its high performance and cloud connectivity in a compact package are attracting attention from new customers in retail and healthcare. For 2014, we are scheduled to release other RFID printers in addition to exciting new products in other categories. In the fourth quarter, we launched Zatar, an open cloud based services platform to connect and control devices including Zebra printers. Since its launch in October, we announced a partnership with the RFID middleware provider. We also demonstrated Zatar at the NOF Show and how it enables retailers to build IB and applications to identify customers and deliver customized in-store marketing programs. Finally, we are optimistic about the growing opportunities for our location solutions business. Active RFID is capturing greater attention as customers see the benefits of managing things in motion. During the fourth quarter the pipeline of orders grew for yard management and other industrial solutions.  We also entered into a pilot with a large airplane manufacturer to improve worker health and safety as well as engaged with a regional Hospital for improving care in cardiac centers. We are optimistic about the future for our Zebra MotionWorks and other LS solutions. All of these initiatives are helping to build an even stronger Zebra that is well-positioned to take advantage of the internet of things Big Data and other important technology trends. They differentiate us further from our competition and will generate greater software and service content through our offerings over time. As we pursue our growth goals we will continue to strive for greater operational excellence to improve efficiency, optimize costs, and deliver better customer service. At the same time we will invest our resources in those activities that will deliver the highest returns with a long-term benefit of our shareholders. Thank you for your attention today. I would now like to turn the call back to Doug for Q&A
Doug Fox: Thank you Anders. Before we open the call to your questions, let me ask that you limit yourself to one question and one follow up. In addition Mike and I will be available after the call for any further discussions.
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) Our first question is from Ryan Treff from William Blair; please go ahead.
Ryan Treff - William Blair and Company:  So one question and one follow and Ill stick to that. You mentioned in North America the refresh cycle, and could you talk a little bit more about that, and is that going to be primarily a fourth quarter phenomena and how will that impact 2014?
Anders Gustafsson: Ill start and then I will ask Mike Terzich to also give some color on that. In North America in fourth quarter it was really very broad based search in the business. And that gives us a lot of confidence for how we enter 2014. We feel that our strategies are working and we do expect a very strong continuation of the run rate business, there was really a run rate business quarter in Q4. But we did see a return of large deals in retail P&L and healthcare to a more natural levels, I guess more normal levels. But we are also seeing a higher level of refresh. And we expect that to continue for some time but its a more definitive period for that. Normally we will say we have good visibility for one or maybe two quarters and we feel good about certainly the first quarter as you see it here and we expect that well have a good year, the comps in the first-half are much easier certainly than the comps that we would have in the second half. Mike?
Mike Terzich:  Ryan, just a couple of added points here; I do think that in North America particularly on previous calls we talked about some of the challenges with some of the retail, the broader retail markets sweating the assets and kind of holding onto a more aged equipment if you will, so we started to see some relief from that in the context of the fourth quarter. A lot of that business was actually at the Tier 2 and Tier 3 retail, account based so it was reflected in the strong run rate business that we saw through the distribution channel as Anders noted. And yes historically its kind of hard to predict where it all lands but our visibility is always a quarter or two maxed out, and as things look as today we are seeing that search continuing into the first quarter. 
Ryan Treff - William Blair and Company: And maybe one quick question, probably for Mike Smiley, on Hart, can you talk a little bit about the gross margins, operating margins at Hart, if you are able to and what IV very far off the market, I guess that may be Hart could be $0.04 to $0.05 accretive in the first quarter of 2014?
Mike Smiley: I think the way well describe it is, the gross margins are higher in that business as you would expect to be more of a soft versus service. A portion of that business we would also say the margins are - net whole of business are little bit higher than the corporate average and so I think you can triangulate knowing that roughly half of that revenue that we will get in the year will come in the first quarter and historically that business has had mid-teens growth rate. So if you triangulate I think income of with the answer youre looking for.
Operator: Our next question is from Keith Housum from North Coast Research; please go ahead.
Keith Housum - North Coast Research: If I look at the supplies and the software and services segments obviously there is going to be some great drivers of growth for a year, is there a level of that recurrence that you see on a regular basis from this or every quarter you actually each with your [indiscernible] here?
Anders Gustafsson: It is a little bit of both I guess. We have supply tend to be a more of an ongoing attach. We try to pursue customers that have more of ongoing need versus individual project-based business. So, there is a high level of stability to our supplies business and I think our supplies strategies have worked really well over the last couple of years. Weve increased our supplies revenues very consistently for two to three years now, and I think with our channel partners our end users customer they know we want their supplies business also that were not just looking for the printers but we really want their supplies business. And weve stepped by again when it comes to providing good quality product and short lead-time for deliveries and be competitive in how we how quote.
Mike Terzich: Keith, this is Mike Terzich. Let me just add a point or two to Anders comments. Weve talked previously on the call about where we tend to focus our supplies business which is in the higher value specialty solutions space. We tend to stay away the commodity paper business. The commodity paper business is more in line to you comment which is, its kind of fly-by-night business, its a hit-or-miss business. We tend to be streakier no pun intended in the space we play because were more engineered into the longer solution that our customers are looking for.
Keith Housum - North Coast Research: Okay so if I think about this little bit further, we should expect to see like a getting out sale because this business is at least as youve said a higher catch rate.
Mike Terzich: It is and I think for us I think its been - its certainly we try to - we look at it like an annuity business where certainly very interested in expanding in that business and we have international opportunities to get closer to that customer base. But generally we hold onto the business for longer periods of time, we get into less pricing events off cycle events and we like where were positioned today.
Keith Housum - North Coast Research: Okay, can you elaborate on your comments and you have agent supplies manager. Ive previously thought you guys are in too much in supplies business in Asia.
Mike Terzich: Its been a very interesting story. I think Anders comments earlier about the power of the Zebra brand on supplies is a very relative on in Asia because of the heavier manufacturing base that we have thats again a profile of a higher quality supply play for us. And what weve been doing as weve added some people to carve out some strategies there and weve been effective at actually producing supplies in both believe it or from the United States moving them in container load and selling them effectively to end users in Asia.
Operator: And our next question is from Michael Kim from Imperial Capital.
Michael Kim - Imperial Capital: Just turning to gross margins and youve talked a little bit about the increase in scale but are you also seeing a shift in the mix especially towards the higher performance products with maybe uptick in manufacturing?
Mike Terzich: Good question. When you look at this year-over-year mix and it has not been a big player year-over-year, its really driven by volume and I would say management of our cost structure in that area. So I think we year-over-year its not really so much of a mix issue benefiting our gross margins.
Anders Gustafsson: We had more in middle of 2013 a period where we had weaker mix but then we would consider the Q4 to be more of a normal mix for us.
Michael Kim - Imperial Capital: Got it. And then just as a follow-up on a high level question you with, it looks like to be an expansion and potential sales opportunities, how are you guys think about balancing near-term growth versus perhaps the ramping investments in sales and marketing and really expanding your ability to capture more deal?
Anders Gustafsson: So weve balanced that very carefully. We spent a lot of time trying to figure out what are the top priorities for us and how do we make sure weve resourced those priorities appropriately but weve also spent a lot of time figuring out, how do we now drive efficiencies or stop doing other things to free up investment capacity to make the necessary investments in the biggest growth areas. So were trying to make sure we can really get the most impact for our investment dollar possible.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) And we have a question from Jason Rogers from Great Lakes Review.
Jason Rogers - Great Lakes Review: What is the estimate for CapEx for 2014?
Anders Gustafsson: We dont give that out but I would say if you look at our CAGR (Ph) weve historically been about 20ish or so like that and I think thats sort of consistent going forward. Our business doesnt drive a lot of need for CapEx since primarily driven out of sort of IT and some of our manufacturing, but its pretty well.
Jason Rogers - Great Lakes Review:  Okay, and the looking at the RFID business, is that still less than 5% of the corporate total and what areas in that whole area do you think hold the greatest potential for 2014. 
Anders Gustafsson:  Yes, RFID is still a small part of our business, it is less than 5%, but weve seen I think 2013 was a good year for RFID overall. Passive RFID on the printing side saw a lot of interest from retailers primarily in North America and in Europe as well as in the extended retail supply chains, so all the way back to government manufacturers in Asia. And we participated nicely in many of the larger deals in 2013 and we expect that passive RFID will continue to be a nice growth area for us, although from a smaller base. Then on the active RFID side, we had a strong position in industrial manufacturing applications for some time, were seeing, shifting little bit of our focus to, instead of tracking just location, were now tracking motion, so we can actually keep track of things that are moving in a different way and that expands our opportunity to more sports verticals but also weve seen great wins from this with, we talked about in the script a large airplane manufacturer for a health and safety application and also in healthcare to track people moving in hospitals.
Operator:  And we do have a question from Michael Kim from Imperial Capital.  
Michael Kim - Imperial Capital:  Just a quick follow-up question on channel inventory levels and if your sense is relative to kind of what we saw maybe a year or two ago, thats at normalized levels or with the expansion sales that maybe its been down a little bit relative to historical norms. 
Anders Gustafsson:  A good question, I think we look over year over year, we look at our channel inventory is actually down about 5% from the beginning of the year, do you recall in the first quarter we mentioned that some of our sales decline was because of sales that needed to hit larger levels of inventory beginning of the year, and we see them at, Id say were at good levels and as I think we talked about before weve done a lot of work with the distributors and such to make sure that those inventory levels are really appropriate for level of business that theyre seeing today. 
Michael Kim - Imperial Capital: Okay, great and then just one other follow with the Latin America is sort of a little bit of an outlier geographically, is it your sense that that area should stabilize or is Brazil maybe one of your larger country markets and any color you can provide on regional changes in that business.
Anders Gustafsson:  We expect Latin America to improve in 2014, for us Mexico is the largest country and theres been a peaking of steadiness for us, Brazil has been a bit more choppy, we had some great quarters and some not so great quarters with Brazil and then we have other countries like Venezuela and Argentina have historically been good countries for Zebra, but theres more variability I think to the outlook and the results for Latin America, based on political and macroeconomic situations, but our position competitively in Latin America I think is very strong and we have a very good team and we dont believe we lost share in any way, on the contrary, we believe we actually gained share even though the market was or our revenues were down some. 
Michael Kim - Imperial Capital: Great, thank you very much.
Operator:  And we have a follow up question from Keith Housum from North Coast Research, please go ahead.
Keith Housum - North Coast Research:  Thanks guys for the follow up questions here. Early in the year you guys announced the restructuring your result (Ph) of supply chain over in China, is all those benefits come through in the gross margins already or should we expect any more benefit it FY14.
Anders Gustafsson:  Scratching our head a little bit, I dont recall that we announced a large restructuring, did we?
Mike Terzich:  We did, but effectively the value of that restructuring is pretty much our margins right now so I wouldnt have going forward were not really projecting any big change year over year because of the restructuring in our margins, in other words weve already realized the benefit of that.
Keith Housum - North Coast Research:  Okay, fair enough, thats I was looking for, and then you guys have mentioned in your press release this morning, expansion to new geographical markets, perhaps if you could expand a little bit there, I guess what markets youre looking at there and how much of your sales base in the fourth quarter came from I guess any of those efforts.
Anders Gustafsson:  So the expansion were thinking about now for entering new geographic areas is much more modest say than the programs we had in 2010 when we put real effort and real investments into some of the larger markets, so now its more infused in other markets, Southeast Asia will be one of those markets we believe still has lots of opportunities for us, Africa is turning out to be a stronger one, but thats small investments to help drive that, we still continue to grow in China so thats a big market for us and we see India coming back in a pretty good way. Overall though I would say the investments are much more modest than what we did a couple of years back. 
Operator:  And we have no further questions, I will now turn the call back over to Doug Fox for closing comments.
Doug Fox:  Once again everybody thank you for joining us today. Just want to let you know that our next regularly scheduled conference call for our first quarter earnings will take place on May 6. Until then have a very good day. Thank you.
Operator: 
 :

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-11-05 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Anders Gustafsson - CEO Mike Smiley - CFO Mike Terzich - SVP, Global Sales and Marketing Doug Fox - VP of IR
Analysts: Paul Coster - J.P. Morgan Michael Kim - Imperial Capital Greg Halter - Great Lakes Review Tim Mulrooney - William Blair Carr Lanphier - Morningstar Equity Research
Operator: Welcome to the Zebra Technologies 2013 Third Quarter Earnings Release Conference Call. Joining us from the Zebra Technologies, are Anders Gustafsson, CEO; Mike Smiley, CFO; Mike Terzich, Senior Vice President, Global Sales and Marketing; and Doug Fox, Vice President, Investor Relations. All lines will be in a listen-only mode until after todays presentation. Instructions will be given at that time in order to ask your question. At the request of Zebra Technologies, this conference call is being recorded. Should anyone have any objections, please disconnect at this time. At this time, I would now like to introduce Mr. Doug Fox of Zebra Technologies. Sir, you may begin.
Doug Fox: Good morning. Thank you for joining us today. Certain statements made on this call will relate to future events or circumstances, and therefore, will be forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as expect, believe, and anticipate are a few examples of words identifying a forward-looking statement. Forward-looking information is subject to various risks and uncertainties, which could significantly affect expected results. Risk factors were noted in the news release we issued this morning and are also described in Zebras 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2012, which is on file with the SEC. Now, let me turn the call over to Anders Gustafsson for some brief opening remarks.
Anders Gustafsson: Thank you Doug and good morning everyone. Today I am pleased to report that Zebra achieved record third quarter sales of $263 million, and earnings of $0.77 per share excluding $0.01 per share in accident restructuring costs and acquisitions expenses. Sales increased 5% from a year ago and we're up $10 million sequentially. Sales increased in all geographic regions with new records in North America and Asia Pacific. Zebra's results reflect an improvement in business conditions throughout many of our customer verticals and geographies. While weakness continues in certain areas including Southern Europe and Brazil, our run rate business through distribution partners remained steady throughout the quarter. In addition our pipeline of large enterprise deals began to improve. Also encouraging was an increase in profitability during the third quarter. Gross margin approached 49% with an improved product mix over the second quarter of this year. On a sequential basis average unit prices increased $20 as manufacturing customers stepped up purchases of high performance printers. At the same time we maintained effective management over costs with recurring operating expenses up only $2 million from a year ago but down 2 million from the second quarter. With continued effective management over working capital Zebra generated a solid $41 million in quarterly free cash flow. We also returned almost $30 million to shareholders during the quarter in the foremost stock buybacks. Year to date our stock buybacks have returned $58 million to shareholders. The diversity of our business across geographies, products and customers continued to yield results in our core business. The positive momentum that were building positions us well to drive future growth with our long term strategic investments and sustainable competitive advantages across our entire platform. In North America shipments increased to manufacturing and retail customers. We also experienced some return of large enterprise deals. Specifically our focus on strategic accounts led to higher shipments to two large national retailers during the quarter. Healthcare stood out as an area of particularly high growth as we increasingly benefit from healthcare organizations investing more in solutions that improve patient safety and our success in developing more effective routes for Zebra products to meet their needs. We're also encouraged with our performance in EMEA, while sales in parts of Southern Europe remained subdued, strong growth in France, Italy, Benelux and the Nordic countries led to 5% growth in the region. Product shipments were notably strong to customers and retail transportation postal. They include initial shipments of printers to the Italian post as well as card printers to the Government of Ghana. We also began shipping Zebra RFID printer encoders to major European shorting goods retailer who will be using RFID to better manage merchandise throughout their enterprise. In healthcare we had greater than 80% growth in thermal patient wrist bands driven by the successful roll out of our HC100 wrist band printer beyond the UK. In Latin America strong card printer shipments including to Chile for bank credit cards and Mexico for drivers licenses complemented a steady run rate business. Strength in Mexico and other parts of the region offset some weakness in Brazil, Argentina and Venezuela. In Asia Pacific sales exceeded $40 million for the first time. A firm tone of business throughout the quarter in nearly all sub-regions included increased shipments of high performance printers to manufacturing customers in China and South Korea. We also expanded sales to customers in transportation and logistics and healthcare We also expanded sales to customers and transportation and logistics and healthcare as well postal organization in South Korea and Australia. A category of significant strength during the quarter was our supplies business which increased in all geographic regions. On a organic basis consolidated sales growth was 12% to $62 million, a new company record. Shipments of wristbands for patient ID were notably robust. In addition during the quarter a large resort in the Bahamas selected our HC100 wristband printer and Z-Band Splash wristband to improve guest experience by managing access and enabling cashless point of sale purchases. We see these value added features as growing trends in the hospitality and entertainment industries. In labels our IQ Color labels gained momentum. This innovative material enables the printing of spot color on thermal labels to help retailers improve efficiency in their price markdown activities. We also had excellent growth in labels and ribbons through our ZipShip program which carrier more than 500 products in stock for immediate shipments. Zebras third quarter results demonstrate the leverage we have built into Zebras core business. Our investments are enabling us to driver deeper into manufacturing, retail, transportation and logistics while enabling greater reach in attractive underpenetrated industries such as healthcare. Our results show that more companies are turning to Zebra as their strategic partner in helping them identify, track and manage their critical assets across their supply chains. Now our CFO Mike Smiley will provide a detailed review of third quarter results and guidance for the fourth quarter of 2013. After Mikes remarks I will return for some brief closing comments.
Mike Smiley: Thank you, Anders. Let me highlight some of the key components of Zebras third quarter results; first, sales increased in all four geographic regions from year ago; second, gross margin went down from peak levels a year ago increased to 4 percentage point from the second quarter; and third, operating expenses remained well controlled. Lets take a look at sales. For the quarters, sales increased 4.6% from $252 million last year to a record $263.5 million. Foreign exchange had a positive impact on sales of $1.1 million net of hedges. Sales for North America increased 2.1% from year ago and were up 4.7% from the second quarter. In the region, growth in supplies and aftermarket products offset a year-over-year decline in printer sales. In EMEA growth in multiple printer categories and supplies led to a 4.7% sales increase in a seasonally slower period for the region. 10 out of 13 sub-regions had year-over-year growth. Latin America registered a slight sales increase of 0.2%. Higher shipments in Mexico and other parts of Latin America were offset by declines in Brazil, Argentina and Venezuela. Sales growth of 13.8% in Asia-Pacific to a record $42 million was broad based with nearly every sub-region contributing to the improvement. Growth in table top and desktop printers was notably strong with increasing sales to manufacturing customers as well as into retail and healthcare. By product category, hardware sales advanced 2% from a year ago and were up $7.8 million from the second quarter. Hardware sales have now increased sequentially for two consecutive quarters with record sales of high performance printers in the third quarter. Supplies maintained a high sales trajectory of 12% for the quarter. Sales in this category were broad based to customers in multiple industries and we view supplies as a continued growth category for Zebra as we look ahead. Revenue from services and software also advanced for the quarter up 11%. Services including repair operations and warranty are another area of focus for Zebra as investments are expanding these operations worldwide. For the third quarter gross margin was 48.8%, down from the peak margin of 50.4% a year ago. Product mix and higher freight and overhead costs were offset by lower product costs. Sales and marketing, engineering and administrative expenses were up 2.5% over a year ago. The 6% growth in sales and marketing relates to increased personnel related expenses. We had a moderation and growth in engineering expenses which were up only 1.7% for the quarter. Quarterly operating income of $46.8 million plus depreciation and amortization is $7.9 million totaled $54.7 million of cash earnings or $1.08 of cash EPS. The effective income tax rate for the third quarter was 18%. The rate reflects the impact of a greater proportion of our income that is generated in regions with lower tax rates. Earnings totaled $0.76 per share including reduction of $0.01 per share for acquisition expenses and exit and restructuring costs on 50.9 million average shares outstanding. At the end of the third quarter we had 50.6 million shares outstanding. For the third quarter inventories declined $2.5 million from the second quarter. Were now down $27 million from their peak in the fourth quarter of 2011. Net receivables are up approximately $5 million from the second quarter primarily because of the timing and billings the shipments.  During the quarter, we returned $30 million to shareholders with the buyback of 642,000 shares of Zebra stock at a weighted average price of $46.59 per share. We ended the period with $466 million of cash and investments with approximately half held in foreign accounts, all of which are invested in U.S. dollar denominated securities. Now lets look at the fourth quarter forecast. We are forecasting 2013 fourth quarter sales in the range of $263 million to $273 million. Earnings are expected in a range of $0.72 to $0.82 per share.  Our forecast assumes a consolidated gross margin in the range of 48% to 49%. Operating expenses are forecast between $81 million and $83 million. The forecast also assumes an effective income tax rate of 19.5%. That concludes my formal remarks. Thank you for your attention. Now heres Anders for some concluding comments.
Anders Gustafsson: Thank you, Mike. Our third quarter financial results reflect the strength of Zebras extended industry leadership in an improving business environment. We have consistently leveraged our scale, financial strength and global presence to wheel the more formidable company in an attractive industry. Companies worldwide are continually seeking better ways to identify tack and manage their assets to improve their operations and gain competitive advantage. Zebra is well positioned to assist our customers in gaining greater visibility into their operations and extended supply chains.  We will continue to benefit from these important trends by first understanding our customers needs for improving visibility into their operations. Second; innovating around their needs by developing products and solutions that help them meet their business goals. Third; penetrating more deeply the existing markets reserve and to enter new markets with attractive growth opportunities. And lastly, driving for greater excellence to deliver improved customer service, and optimize our own operational efficiency. Zebra has multiple avenues for further growth in our core business. These opportunities include building on our success with developing stronger relationships with strategic accounts primarily in North America and Western Europe. In Asia Pacific and other developing territories we will further diversify our business with customers in retail, healthcare and government. And worldwide we will expand into new industries such as sports and entertainment.  Product innovation is also cornerstone of Zebras long-term success and growth. In supplies our focus remains on products that offer a clearly differentiated value-added solution such as LaserBand wristbands. Some including thermal wristbands printed on Zebra HC100 printers and ribbons from card printing offer attractive energy streams as well. Geographic expansion also holds growth opportunities for our supplies business which is currently concentrated in North America and Western Europe. Innovation in our printers remains high as well. To date, we have introduced 15 printer related products. In the fourth quarter we will be introducing the ZD500R RFID desktop printer. Its compact size makes it ideal for use in retail and healthcare applications, in locations where space is limited. It will also be our first RFID printer with Link-OS, our new software platform that makes the printer significantly easier to integrate, operate and manage from anywhere in the world. Looking ahead we have a robust product pipeline as we move into 2014. Important technology trends including the Internet of Things, Big Data, and cloud computing are presenting new areas to Zebra for growth and high investment returns. These opportunities build on Zebra as a trusted business partner with a domain expertise and resources to bring new value added tools to help our customers gain greater visibility into their operations.  Let me now highlight some areas of recent progress. Zebras history in barcodes and RFID which are building blocks over the Internet of Things, positions Zebra to help deliver the next generation of visibility solutions. Last week at the Internet of Things Forum in Barcelona, we launched Zatar, an open cloud-based service to connect and control devices including Zebra printers. Zatar simplifies connecting and managing devices, so companies can focus on getting the most out of the data these devices can provide.  It is the first user-centered IoT platform that is scalable and makes data easy to share to promote collaboration and efficiency. Built as a software as a service subscription model the platform is designed specifically to serve enterprises and the supply chain. Zatar is a natural extension of Zebras footprint with our enterprise customers who are now starting to deploy Internet of Things solutions. With Zatar we expect to be able to expand the portfolio or share a wallet with current and potential customers, facilitate additional business opportunities in existing and adjacent markets, and provide current and new channel partners additional options to bring value to their customer relationships.  A recent report by Morgan Stanley predicts that 75 billion devices will be connected to the Internet by the end of this decade.  The platform gives enterprise customers the tools to better manage their visible value chains worldwide. Finally, we recently installed the Zebra MotionWorks sport solution at the practice field for the Detroit Lions. Our proprietary sport software identifies and tracks players on the field in real-time with high levels of accuracy. The data and analytics generated by MotionWorks will give the Lions coaches deeper insight into player and team performance. This installation follows the two pilots currently in place with the NFL at Ford Field in Detroit and at Candlestick Park in San Francisco. Our third quarter results clearly demonstrate our ability to create shareholder value as well as take advantage of our financial strength and scale to build the business for long term success. Our investment in developing stronger channels and securing types of engagements with strategic customers are generating positive results. We are driving deeper into targeted verticals where the adoption of solutions incorporating Zebra product is enhancing visibility across company value chain. These investments are helping us to extend our industry leadership and delver increasing returns. While pursuing our growth goals, we will continue to manage operating expenses responsibly. We will also direct our resources to those areas that will deliver the highest returns on our investments for the long-term benefit of our shareholders. We are optimistic about Zebras future. The outlook is bright as we follow a proven strategy to create shareholder value. Zebra together with our partners is building a smarter more connected global business community. Thank you for attention today. I would now like to turn the call back to Doug for Q&A.
Doug Fox: Thank you, Anders. Before we open the call to your questions let me ask that you limit yourself to one question and one follow-up. In addition, Mike and I will be available after the call for any further discussion.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) Greg Halter from Great Lakes Review.
Greg Halter - Great Lakes Review: Good morning. I just wanted to ask about the R&D spend obviously so far as youve mentioned 15 printers, platforms, not platforms, but 15 printers so far this year with others coming and the R&D was about flat for this quarter on a year-over-year basis and it could be some timing there, but I just wondered if you could characterize what you see on the R&D spend going forward either dollars or percent of sale?
Mike Smiley: This is Mike Smiley. I think that one of things you got to be careful as when you do year-over-year comparisons, the spend can be a function of when products is coming to the market because you end up with a lot of certifications and stuff that might expand the spend a little bit and one period versus the other, so there is a little bit lumpiness in there. As we go forward, our expectation is that R&D as a percentage of revenue would moderate a little bit because we expect the top line to grow faster than the engineering spend overtime. I think as Anders talked about we have got the Zatar product and we have got the MotionWorks and were hoping that will build our top line at much faster rate than our R&D. Anders, if you want to say anything on that?
Anders Gustafsson: Yes, Mike, for us having a vibrant product portfolio is absolutely critical like for any technology company and we do pay a lot of attention to make sure that our investment ratios are in line with what we feel the return will be also. We believe that the investments we made over the last several years in new product development have been well spent.  Were seeing the improvements in the business and both are driving reputation as the most innovative premium brand in the market as well as the market share gains we have been able to drive. So it is an important part of our strategy but obviously were also very sensitive to making sure that we have the right kind of ratios to deliver proper earnings leverage in the P&L.
Greg Halter - Great Lakes Review: All right and one follow-up for you on the new product Zatar, I see its up to five devices free and then over five, $1.99 per month per device on the introductory period. Just wondering how that will work going forward if you have given that consideration and what kind of profitability in terms of margins you expect out of this, I would presume pretty high since it seems to be an app-based software system?
Anders Gustafsson: First, we are very excited about what Zatar can do; its an open cloud-based way to help our customers to connect specially any in all devices to all sorts of Internet applications. I think the best analogy for Zatar is probably is the Facebook for devices, users likely Facebook, the Facebook page knows all their critical information; they have the ability to connect to other third party applications and to other people. The same goes for Zatar as the platform it basically is the Facebook page for devices enabling it to connect to all sorts of other applications and devices and creates much of a networked world. It is a software as a service, so revenue ramp a little less than it would be for sold as equipment but over time it should provide a steadier business with steady growth and good profitability. 
Greg Halter - Great Lakes Review: It does seem like its a easy product to use at least based on the descriptions that Im reading or at least get started with. 
Anders Gustafsson: At the intend this that weve really worked hard on differentiating ourselves to make it easy to use; that is one of the things that want to make sure we can convey and make people feel that this is a product or solution that you dont have to study the user manual for day but you would be able to get up running pretty quickly. 
Greg Halter - Great Lakes Review: Thank you. 
Operator: Okay, Paul Coster, J.P. Morgan. 
Paul Coster - J.P. Morgan: Anders, you talked about an improving pipeline in the enterprise space. Can you just give us some color around that? You never have much visibility but it sounds like it is improving. What is filling that pipeline up? 
Anders Gustafsson: In Q3 we were first encouraged by the broad based strength we saw in the business across all verticals and regions and the macro environment is also getting better but its still somewhat choppy. But our pipeline of larger deals has strengthened and it varies a little bit by region what we see it in but in the U.S. and North America, retail and manufacturing have been probably the two strongest driver for larger deals. Healthcare is also been a bright spot for us where business is up 61% year-over-year.  In Asia, we did see also a strengthening in our large deal pipeline primarily driven out of manufacturing I would say, so China, Korea were two of the stronger areas there were lot of manufacturing customers appear to be little less dependent on exports to Europe today and investing now in new expansions to both satisfy new products coming out but also new volume. And in Europe I think we had a very steady business, we have had nicely improving trends for all of 2013. Large deals were up but it was probably more of a broad based run rate business than the characterized by large deals. And Mike Terzich, maybe you want to add something? 
Mike Terzich: Paul you know the other aspect of this I think for us has been the pipeline is clearly improving as Anders noted I think it standard grade now for us principally in Asia and North America were still seeing that choppiness in Latin America and a bit in EMEA. Now in North America what weve seen has been an improvement particularly in retail I think there is a piece of this thats kind of borne out of necessity so to speak.  I think there is a lot of retail customers have sitting on the sideline for a long time as theyve kind of sorted out what is happening and their retail space with mobility with credit card adoption and chip and pin adoption and platform changes.  So, were starting to see that late up a little bit the grip on that and thats fueling some business as is manufacturing and then I think out of Asia it's pretty much what Anders has said it. So, were seeing kind of return to the traditional manufacturing space which is very good for us because its a mix of product that is much more stationary than it is mobile. 
Paul Coster - J.P. Morgan: If you can elaborate little bit on whats filling up in that pipeline all the bigger deals. What kind of timeline do you have in between the pipeline filling up and the closing of the pipeline and then subsequent delivery and then, this was, I had another question which is related to stores on the competitive landscape within of couple of mergers this year or acquisitions this year which look like they may be changing the competitive landscape. 
Mike Terzich: As far as the timing of the pipeline I think it is pretty much, its reflective in some of the guidance that youll see for the fourth quarter clearly from the timing perspective were feeling better about what we see. We measure our pipeline in both value and in volume and those are two intricate pieces of data that we look at very closely on any given quarter. So, what we are seeing is more deals and the value of those deals is increasing in size. What weve been reporting in the last couple of calls has been that value and that volume has been little bit more tepid. I think, people had previously been taking some positions where they've been truncating some of these deals and segmenting them into smaller increments, I think they have a little bit more forward confidence in their business at present where the value of those opportunities is increasing, so I may turn it back to Anders for some additional comments.
Anders Gustafsson: On the competitive landscape I said, I dont think we feel that the competitive landscape has changed materially over the last year or so, weve had many strong competitors for a long time now, in a somewhat tighter economic environment like we have now I think the competition gets to be a bit more intense, but I think we can stand up well to that with our scale and the breadth of our portfolio and relationships, we certainly see tougher times as a good opportunity for us to expand our leadership position in the industry and our customers are responding well to our messages around how we can help them increase visibility into their supply chain and they like to do business with leaders particularly in tough times with companies that have the financial strength to continue to invest in product development and make sure that their investment's going to be relevant several years from now. If you're referring to Honeywell Intermec merger we haven't seen that make any changes to our competitive landscape yet.
Operator: Keith Housum, Northcoast Research
Unidentified Analyst: [Indiscernible]. The first question I have for you guys, in terms of the supply business should we expect that growth going forward is that reflected already in the guidance the growth that we're seeing this quarter. 
Anders Gustafsson: Yes obviously the guidance we've given is inclusive of the entire business but we feel very good about our supplies business we've executed on the basically the same strategy now for, since 2009 so four years, we had 12% increase in Q3 which we feel very good about, that's certainly much faster than the market rate for the supplies, market growth rate for the supplies business, it's been a very broad-based strength from the business but primarily centered around North America, Western Europe and Mexico, those are the areas that we have a strong supply presence. Most of the other parts of the world we have a very modest presence. but we're focusing very much we can show we have innovative value added products that differentiate us from our competition and gives us a chance to generate more of a premium price, premium margin for these products, and we are also investing in making sure that we drive cost reductions in these areas as this is a very much cost sensitive business. So we invest to make sure we can drive down the cogs for our product. Healthcare's been a great vertical market for our supplies business and LaserBand is an acquisition were very pleased with how that's been performing for us for the last year, and we continue to be very optimistic about these business and see opportunities to both expand geographically as well as expand our portfolio. 
Unidentified analyst: Okay, great, thanks, I guess what I was really asking you there was that there's a growth going forward is that going to be consistent with the growth that weve seen this quarter for supply.
Anders Gustafsson: I think we want to limit our future outlook to what we said here for the company as a whole and not start really giving, dissecting that into all the components.
Unidentified analyst: Okay, all right that's fair and as you look at the line up of printers were there any particular segments of portfolio that outperformed others or any segments that were particularly weaker.
Anders Gustafsson: It was a strong, most of our product lines performed well, I would say there's one to highlight it would be the high end of our printers, the table top, now that line has been a bit more subdued in the last couple of quarters that had a strong performance in Q3, that would be the one to highlight I think.
Operator:  Michael Kim, Imperial Capital. 
Michael Kim - Imperial Capital: Could you provide an update on more POS and especially with north American retailers are you seeing an uptake on the mobile receipt printers and maybe more broadly how that might change the mix on your retail vertical over time and then behind that ASPs relative to the corporate average and then volume opportunity.
Mike Terzich: Okay Michael this is Mike Terzich, I'll start, Ill turn it over to Anders and Mike Smiley for some additional comments but as far as mobile point of sale space is concerned what we are seeing is clearly there is a very high level of interest from a variety of tier 1, tier 2 and even kind of tier 3 retail customers, everybody is certainly looking at the deployment of mobility payment solutions in their business they're all at various stages of consideration so it is a space that we see in the long-term having some significant growth prospects, for us we have been carving out where we think we can rightfully play from a niche within that space and were centered more in that tier two, tier three retail application space, so we have got some percolating interest from a variety what we would consider to be national, meaningful, accounts but not necessarily the very large retail accounts, they are generally going to stay with the traditional people that offer some payment and solutions. And I think our outlook is that this is going to continue to grow in momentum and opportunity. And secondly, for us, there is a field service component to the mobile point of sales side that plays very naturally to where Zebra is centered today. So when you think about the ability to take payment in the field after services rendered that's a natural adjacent fee for where we fell today both from a channel perspective and with our solutions. Let me turn it back to Anders for some additional comments.
Anders Gustafsson:  I think the strategic backdrop I say for mobile point of sale continues to be very attractive, retailers are by and large focusing a lot on how to improve the customer experience. And make sure that they don't get kind of disaggregated by retailers and mobile point of sale is an important point of that. They really want to make sure they can drive a much more interesting engagement between the sales person in the store and the customer. When retailer goes and starts to point this usually if it's certainly a larger department store or something it's not across the entire store, it's more department by department. So its starting with modest growth I think here now, but it feels like this will be a bigger trend.
Michael Kim - Imperial Capital: And then switching gears Anders you talked a little about MotionWorks, the Sports Solution. What are your thoughts on turning some of the pilots into commercial deployments and you're relative the investment that you put in developing the solution when we might be able to collect some operating leverage?
Anders Gustafsson: We're very excited about MotionWorks, we think it's a unique solution that offers very high degree of accuracy in real time and the value proposition is both for the fan experience and most sports leagues are very eager to make sure they get seats and get people out of their living rooms and their 65 inch TVs to actually go to the arenas. And our solution can really help them with providing much more interesting statistics and analytics for people who are at the game. But also offers all the coaches a lot of opportunities to offer more insights. We're obviously working hard on trying to convert the trials we have, the pilots we have. I am not going to speculate today about exactly how quickly that can happen and when that will happen, but it will be starting with a limited number of actual live deployments and then we will grow from there. So from the revenue impact in our 2014 P&L it's going to start small grow but its not going to have a huge impact on a $1 billion base.
Michael Kim - Imperial Capital: And then turning to Asia-Pac is it your expectation that the increase in demand for high performance table top and these higher end printer opportunities will sustain through the balance of the year or was there some unusual activity in the third quarter that drove some of that increase in purchasing?
Mike Terzich: It's Mike Terzich again. No I think our expectation is relative, we see some consistency in the fourth quarter outlook for Asia relative to that high performance entered the marketplace. That is principally for us a core products set that we sell more broadly in China and Korea and given the pipeline and the opportunities we see at present. And given the fact that if you really dial the clock back a little bit, if you look at the last several quarters in China it had been to Anders point somewhat subdued, we see that people have waited while to expand production lines and refresh some of the aging equipment and we think that will continue into the fourth quarter.
Operator: Greg Halter, Great Lakes Review.
Greg Halter - Great Lakes Review:  I got the age old question for you regarding capital deployment. So $585 million was your peak cash in investment second quarter of '06, we had about $466 million now. Since 2000 you spent about -- not spent you have returned about $913 million to shareholders. And just wondered what we can look going forward because the cash seems to continue to build even though you are buying back stock.
Anders Gustafsson: We're obviously very cash generative as a company and we have been able to generate very healthy -- cash flows for the past several years. But our buybacks have been quite substantial too. I think we bought back about $600 million worth of shares since the beginning of 2008. So that's a big number. But were always looking for the best ways for us to deploy our cash and returning cash to shareholders is an important part of our overall strategy. And we think that doing that through buybacks has been a good strategy for us good results, and we expect to continue that. But we're also looking at expanding our business through acquisitions weve talked about that on many calls here now however strategy around the acquisition hasnt changed but I must say I think were seeing more attractive opportunities than we did in the past that wed like to pursue. Primarily in three buckets you can say or Rhonda expanding our printer business, looking at our supplies business and some other near adjacencies. But a first filter we have for this is always making sure there is a strong strategic that we can add something to that business and then looking at the highest return from the risk of adjusted basis for those investments.
Greg Halter - Great Lakes Review: And there is some investors out there who look at strong cash flow companies like Zebra and then those companies and certainly this would be within the boards consideration look at dividend and then raising that dividend every year for 10, 20, 30, 50 years and so forth. Just wondering if that something that comes up in board discussions and what made the argument against a dividend policy? Thanks.
Anders Gustafsson: So we do talk about the dividends with our board several times a year so there is very much an ongoing discussion. So far we felt that the returning cash to shareholders has been a top priority the vehicle by which weve returned cash has been little less important and we felt that buying back shares has been the most appropriate way for us to do that so far.
Operator:  Okay, we have Tim Mulrooney, William Blair.
Tim Mulrooney - William Blair: Good morning guys. So a dividend isnt necessarily out of the question but for now you guys are focused on returning cash to shareholders through a buyback?
Anders Gustafsson: Yes.
Tim Mulrooney - William Blair: And then in last quarters conference call you indicated that retail spending in your international businesses such as EMEA was stronger than in North America. But this quarter you mentioned that you saw strong shipments to national retailers. Beyond those two retailers generally speaking are you seeing capital spending improve in North American retail?
Mike Terzich: Tim, this is Mike Terzich. We are and I think part of that goes back to earlier comment I think in North America I think the challenge has been that retailers have been sitting on some of their IT assets for what we would consider to be an abnormally longer period of time. I think as they have gotten greater confidence and perhaps the near term economic outlook if you look at retail, the holiday season forecast that was just recently published it points to a more bullish outlook. I think were starting to see a relaxing of some of those constraints and so yes were seeing a return on some retail capital spend.
Tim Mulrooney - William Blair: Okay, great. Thank you guys.
Operator: Greg Halter.
Greg Halter - Great Lakes Review: Hello again guys, and one last one for you. Wonder if you could detail the sales from your three largest customers in the quarter?
Anders Gustafsson: Yes, I can do that Greg. Right now the largest customer by percentage of sales is 17.5 followed by 12.9% and 12.6% for the third customers those are the three customers about 10%.
Greg Halter - Great Lakes Review: Thank you very much.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) And we have Carr Lanphier, Morningstar.
Carr Lanphier - Morningstar Equity Research: So it looks like you saw some sequential sales improvements on higher prices and then strong year-to-year sales improvements on higher volumes. Can you just talk a little bit about the price elasticity youre seeing across geographies?
Mike Smiley: For us I guess price elasticity if you compare it to the two similar products to the same and not across the entire portfolio but would say we have global worldwide price lists and we stay pretty close to our list price and standard discounts to the same type of partners. So prices doesnt vary for the same product very much across geographies but we have more a broader low end offering for China and other emerging markets. So weve released in the last several years a handful of products, five to six products that are specifically aimed for emerging markets. So there you see us offering more of a lower end products but theyre also been built for those markets, so the cost points are also much lower.
Anders Gustafsson: And I would add I think that we end up with through the company by the way so as our supplies grows again our supplies business doesnt have a big pull for OpEx but it also has a little bit lower gross margin. So that that affects our overall gross margins for the business. And also on the more printer side sometimes when we have large deals which attract little bit competitive we will make sure we win those deals and thats reflected in our gross margins too.
Carr Lanphier - Morningstar Equity Research: And in regards to the supply, I think that maybe a little more homogenous across the geographies, is there any sort of discrepancy basically between contracts in this areas? Can you use supplies to kind of through that in as a sweetener or how do you kind of treat supplies pricing?
Mike Terzich:  Carl, this is Mike Terzich. We do, in some cases we do have the opportunity where we have bundled supplies with a hardware specific fail and in certain cases we can leverage one or both and in some cases we actually even leverage a service contract to break with service contract as part of a larger opportunity. I do think that going back to our focus on supplies has been we principally center in high value marking opportunity, so by and large well, to Mike Smileys comment, our gross margin profile of our supplies businesses is not to the level of our hardware business where we tend to focus in high value marking. We stay out of a lot of the commodity paper site of the business, which gets very low margin, very price intensive space. Thats not our focus.
Operator:
 :
Doug Fox: Okay. Thank you very much everybody for joining us today. Id like to just let you know that our next regularly scheduled quarterly conference call will be on February 19. So until then thank you very much and have a great day.
Operator: Thank you ladies and gentlemen, this concludes todays conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-08-06 11:00:00) =====
Executives:  Doug Fox  VP, IR Anders Gustafsson  CEO Mike Smiley  CFO Mike Terzich  SVP, Global Sales and Marketing
Analysts:  Andrew Spinola  Wells Fargo Securities, LLC Brian Drab  William Blair & Company Michael Kim  Imperial Capital, LLC Keith Housum  North Research Paul Coster  J.P. Morgan Securities 
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Zebra Technologies 2013 2nd Quarter Earnings Release Conference Call. Joining us from Zebra Technologies, are Anders Gustafsson, CEO; Mike Smiley, CFO; Mike Terzich, Senior Vice President, Global Sales and Marketing; and Doug Fox, Vice President, Investor Relations. All lines have been in listen-only mode until after todays presentation. Instructions will be given at that time in order to ask your question. At the request of Zebra Technologies, this conference call is being recorded. Should anyone have any objections, please disconnect at this time. At this time, I would now like to introduce Mr. Doug Fox of Zebra Technologies. Sir, you may begin.
Doug Fox: Thank you. Good morning. Thank you for joining us today. Certain statements made on this call will relate to future events or circumstances, and therefore, will be forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as expect, believe, and anticipate are a few examples of words identifying a forward-looking statement. Forward-looking information is subject to various risks and uncertainties, which could significantly affect expected results. Risk factors were noted in the news release issued this morning and are also described in Zebras 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2012, which is on file with the SEC. Now, let me turn the call over to Anders Gustafsson for some brief opening remarks. Okay, should we go from the top again?
Anders Gustafsson: Yes. Sorry about that. I guess nobody could hear me so weve changed microphones. Ill go from the top again. Thank you, Doug, and good morning everyone. Today, Zebra reported second quarter sales of $253 million and earnings of $0.63 per share, excluding $0.03 per share in exit and restructuring costs and acquisition expenses. Sales increased 2.5% from year ago, and $60 million or 7% from the first quarter. Sequentially, sales increased in all geographic regions. Second quarter revenue growth reflect the positive impact of Zebras ever sharper focus on serving the needs of our customers as well as the modest improvement in business conditions, albeit, still challenged by uneven global economic growth. Our sales also reflect a small continuation of inventory decline at the distribution partners. Second quarter results further demonstrate our ability to capitalize on Zebra scale, financial strength and industry leadership by aggressively advancing important business objectives for the companys long term success. We pursued and won key new business with strategic customers in targeted verticals in an environment still challenged with a low level of large enterprise deals. While these wins temporarily affected gross margin, they secured important long term relationships with key customers for Zebra. During the quarter, we temporarily increased spending to capture targeted emerging business opportunities with exciting new applications for sports and recreation. This move has positioned Zebra in an important new market with innovative solutions incorporating greater software and services content. It is one of several key growth initiatives that build on our internet of things strategy, and will generate incremental revenue growth for Zebra in adjacencies to our core business. While modest during the early stage, we expect revenues from these new initiatives to begin developing in the second half of 2013 and accelerating in 2014. Overall, our diversity across geographies, products and customers, continued to benefit Zebra in the second quarter. In North America, strength among customers in transportation and logistics, healthcare, and manufacturing offset slower sales to customers in retail. In EMEA, the majority of the sub regions demonstrated year-over-year sales improvements. High growth in the UK was supported by increasing shipments to customers in retail. In Italy, strong growth was led by sales to the Italian post and customers in T&L and manufacturing. In Latin America, improvements in Brazil offset weakness in Mexico, and other parts of the region. And in Asia Pacific, we were encouraged by improving trends in South Korea, China, Australia, and Southeast Asia. In this region, we experienced improved diversification of Zebras business in government, retail and T&L. Together with an uptick in shipments to in country manufacturers or some product refreshes. As we have noted in the past, we continue to pursue our vision and drive growth through five strategic pillars; first, intensify innovation, second, expand into new markets, third, penetrate further into existing markets, fourth, maximize operational effectiveness, and lastly, inspire our people and culture. Let me now highlight some areas of progress in the second quarter relative to our strategy. The cadence of innovation, a cornerstone of Zebras strategy remains high. During the second quarter, we completed the refresh of our family of security and ID card printers with the introduction of the light duty ZXP1, and enhancements towards ZXP3 card printers. These introductions follow the first quarter launch of the ZXP7 which has received excellent response from customers and channel partners, and thus building a healthy pipeline. Enhancements to the ZXP3 include the addition of Zebras print touch near field communications module. This innovative feature enables easier printer set up operation and troubleshooting to enhance the user experience. We also further strengthen our innovative mobile printer line, with the next generation of our EM 220 mobile receipt printer which supports our mobile point of sale applications. It works with the latest smartphone and tablet operating systems, including Apple IOS, Android, Windows Mobile, and Blackberry. During the second quarter, we further expanded our presence in sports and recreation. Zebra card and receipt printers are already in use in multiple sports venues around the world, including RFID card printers on the ski slopes at Vail and mobile printers and baseball stadiums for ticket and receipt printing. Last week, we introduced motion works, sports software, a new and exciting player tracking solution. By combining our ultra wide band real time location system with our proprietary motion works, sports software, this innovative solution identifies and tracks players on the field in real time within a few centimeters providing for the industrys highest level of accuracy. Motion works software enables visualization capabilities and data along X-Y-Z axis on such information as distance travelled, speed, and vertical leap. Our superior athlete tracking capability and real time analytics clearly set us apart from the competition. In 2012, we began testing our real time location sports solution, and we are now expanding to pilots. The solution is ideal for team sports such as football, software, hockey and basketball as well as individual and motor sports. Zebras real time location sports solution is an exciting example of how we are positioned to benefit from the major internet of things technology trends such as big data, cloud computing, and next generation analytics. During the second quarter, we also advanced activities to further penetrate the existing markets we serve. In North America, Zebra continues to identify improved ways to serve our retail customers. To this end, we announced last week the creation of the Zebra commerce brand. Zebra commerce is a coordinated approach to delivering Zebra solutions and services along with those of our strategic partners to meet more of our customers needs in retail and mobile enterprise. The acquisition of StepOne Systems late last year, brought to Zebra a suite of in store mobility software applications. Price management escorted gift registry and stock room management are some of the software applications that StepOne has installed with retail customers. Through Zebra commerce, we will be offering these and other applications along with Zebra hardware and services. In EMEA, we are serving more customers in healthcare. Our efforts include expanding sales resources with Zebras LaserBand product line supported by Zebras distribution capacity in the region. The additional sales resources are enabling us to reach more hospitals and other healthcare institutions across the region. Printed wrist bands are increasingly essential as healthcare organizations invest in technology to connect patient information with electronic healthcare records to improve patient safety, and increase operational efficiency. We remain pleased with growth of the LaserBand product line and the contribution of our new team members since acquiring the company last July. In Asia Pacific, we continue to make progress in diversifying our business in China with more wins in government, healthcare and T&L. The products we introduced over the past two years are helping us gain new customers and build further brand leadership in the region. The success of these efforts makes us optimistic about further growth in Asia Pacific. Zebra enters the second half of 2013 with extended leadership in its core business and better positioned to benefit from the investments in new growth initiatives. Our strategies for long term success remain intact, and we continue to invest in those areas that position Zebra to deliver a broader range of solutions that enable our customers to gain greater visibility into their value chain. Now, I will ask our CFO Mike Smiley, to provide a detailed review of second quarter results and guidance for the third quarter of 2013. After Mikes remarks, I will return for some brief closing comments.
Mike Smiley: Thank you, Anders. Let me highlight some of the key components of Zebras results for the second quarter. My comments will principally focus on year-over-year changes on the performance of Zebras operations. First, we had sales growth in three out of four geographic regions. Second, gross margin was affected by product mix, decision to pursue select large business opportunities, and price reductions to reduce old inventories. And third, operating expenses include an acceleration of investments to expand further into sports and recreation, as well as exit restructuring and acquisition cost. Lets take a look in sales. For the quarter, sales increased 2.5% from $247 million last year, to $253 million for this years second quarter. The impact of foreign exchange net of hedges reduced sales by $1.7 million year-over-year, or $0.02 per share. In EMEA, sales increased 4%. The growth was supported by sales to customers in a broad range of industries. Sales for North America increased 2.8% from a year ago and the regions strong growth in supplies offset a modest decline in hardware sales. Latin America down $1 million or 4% had soft sales during the quarter, the customers in Mexico and other parts of Latin America. The softness was partially offset by growth in Brazil. Sales growth of 3% in Asia Pacific was broad base with nearly every sub region contributing to the improvement. Our product category hardware sales declined 3% with small sales declines in most printer categories. The decline in hardware sales was more than offset by 20% growth in supplies. In addition to the contribution from the LaserBand product line sales of thermal based wristbands, labels and receipts increase. Revenue from services also advanced for the quarter, up 7%. We expect further growth in service revenues overtime as we roll out more service initiatives worldwide. Average printer unit prices declined from $471 to $462 in the second quarter principally because of mix and selective pricing on some large deals. For the second quarter gross margins was 47.8% compared with 48.7% last year. Product mix and including proportionately more supplies in pricing has the largest impact in gross margin. Also, to a lesser degree, profitability was temporality affected by incentive pricing to move inventories of older versions of recently updated printers. Total operating expenses increased 4% from the year ago. A portion of the SG&A expense increase related to the LaserBand and StepOne acquisitions which occurred in the second half of last year. In addition, we had an incremental 1.1 million of amortization and 1.1 million in exit and restructuring costs. Total the operating income of 36.6 million plus depreciation in amortization of 7.7 million, totaled 44.3 million of cash earnings, or $0.86 per share of cash EPS. Second quarter results, include a $1.6 million favorable litigation settlement which is related to an investment loss that was recorded in prior years. The settlement is recorded in other income. Effective income tax rate for the second quarter was 19%. Rate reflects the impact of a greater proportion of our income that is generated in regions with lower tax rates. Earnings totaled $0.60 per share including a reduction of $0.03 per share per acquisition expenses and exit and restructuring costs on 51.3 million average shares outstanding. At the end of the second quarter, we have 50.8 million shares outstanding. More effective management over our working capital contributed to a strong $60 million in free cash flow. For the second quarter, inventories decline $7 million bringing a total decline year to date to $14 million. Permits [ph] peak in a fourth quarter of 2011, we have reduced inventories by $24 million. This reduction is slightly more than desired, is also a direct result of improving efficiencies we have achieved in our extended supply chain operations. Cash flow was also positively affected by $12 million increase in payables as part of the more deliberate and strategic approach to managing working capital. On receivables, which were largely unchanged from the first quarter the day sales outstanding for the second quarter were 59 days compared with 63 days. During the quarter, we returned $25 million to shareholders with the buyback of approximately 540,000 shares of Zebra stock in a weight of average price of $45.71 per share. We ended the period with $454 million of cash and investments with $200 million held in foreign accounts. Now lets look at our third quarter forecast. We are forecasting 2013 third quarter sales in a range of $253 million to $263 million. This outlook incorporates usual summer seasonality in EMEA. Earnings are expected in a range of $0.61 to $0.71 per share. A forecast assumes a consolidated gross margin in the range of 47.5% to 48.5%. A projected improve product mix is expected the offset of higher freight cost to address some of the lower and desired inventory levels. Operating expenses are forecast between $81 million and $83 million. The forecast also assumes an effective income tax rate of 19.5%. That concludes my formal remarks, and thank you for your attention. Now heres Anders for some concluding comments.
Anders Gustafsson: Thank you, Mike. By using our considerable competitive advantages, Zebra extended industry leadership in an environment still facing various global business challenges. We secured stronger relationships with strategic customers and made further progress against the five pillars of our strategy for growth and long-term success. We accomplish this by first, introducing more innovative printers and asset-tracking solutions to serve more of our customers visibility requirements. Second, entering new markets with attractive growth opportunities. Third, penetrating more deeply the existing markets we served; and lastly, driving for greater excellence across the board to deliver improved customer service and optimize Zebras operational efficiency. While pursuing our growth goals, we will continue to carefully maintain effective control over operating expenses. And we will also direct our resources to those areas that will deliver the highest returns on our investments for the long-term benefit of our shareholders. At the same time, we will continue to execute stock buybacks and pursue acquisitions. Zebra will continue to benefit from its great diversity across products, customers, markets and geographies. Bright spots for the second half of 2013 include growing our business in retail, healthcare and government in Asia Pacific, as well as healthcare and supplies in North America and EMEA. We are optimistic about achieving increasing returns and our investments in new growth path forms. These adjacent areas build on the strength and brand of our core business and/or expanding the total available markets for Zebras products and solutions. Zebra commerce with its broad suite of solutions for retail including mobile POS is one of those areas. Following the trials currently underway, we expect to build momentum in the sports vertical as well. Importantly, these and other initiatives are building greater software and services content into Zebras revenue mix. Over the past year, we have expanded our global service capacity primarily in the area of product repair. With our new facilities in Brazil, China, Australia and several locations in Europe, our Zebra owned an independent contract service operations are supporting our customers for improved overall service. Let me finish by adding that we are confident in our business and the proven strategy we are following to create shareholder value. Zebra together with our partners is building a smarter, more connected global business community. The results of our actions also demonstrate that the internet of things and other emerging technology trends are creating new incremental revenue opportunities for Zebra. Stronger relationships with strategic customers and better penetration of established new industries make us optimistic about our core business as well. Thank you for your attention today. I would now like to turn the call back to Mike for Q&A.
Mike Smiley: Thank you. Thank you, Anders. Before we open the call to your questions, let me ask that you limit yourself to one question and one follow-up. In addition, Doug and I will be available after the call for any further discussions.
Operator: At this time well begin the Question-and-Answer session. (Operator instructions)
Mike Smiley: Everything must have been very clear.
Operator: And our first question comes from Andrew Spinola.
Andrew Spinola  Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Hi. Thanks. I was wondering if we could drill down a little bit on the gross margin in the quarter. And also specifically, Im thinking about your guidance for Q3 47.5%, 48.5%, and Im wondering if you expect to see any of the similar impacts that you saw on Q2 also on Q3.
Mike Smiley: Yes, this is Mike. First of all, for Q2, I think one thing you have to understand is that we  when you look at sort of what we ended up with revenue, we are really pleased to  we are pleased to hit our revenue target in part. We are able to achieve that because we are pursuing larger government deals. And those government deals typically on the hardware sales slightly lower margins, but they have a higher proportion of service attach rate which over time will benefit our P&L. So its a decision we chose to help build our business. But I think the other thing is that it provides us inroads into the government in a longer term, which is something as a company where we dont have as great of market share as maybe some others in the business. We also have a mix of our sales was towards the lower-end with supplies. So its a little bit of a mix shift. And one thing youll see is in our business, theres times where were selling higher margin business more strongly certainly in 2010 or so our margins were much stronger because of the mix. And then this year its been a little bit more of the lower margin stuff that it sells. So it comes and goes depending upon geography or depending upon industry that were serving. I think that thing that pleases me with our margin is that  this again reflects the diversity of our business. Although perhaps retail was a little bit lower than wed hope for, we are able to overcome that with higher government and P&L which affected our margin for the quarter. So I think in the longer term, we expect to continue to be in the 48% to 50% range. Maybe Anders can give a little more color on that.
Anders Gustafsson: Yes, I think over the longer term, we still feel that the target weve laid out, the 48% to 50% gross margin is appropriate. That is what we are working towards and those are the goals weve set ourselves. But in any quarter, we expect to see some shifts and mix between products or geographies. And we have many quarters where we have more positive things and things kind of go out and break our way more. In Q2, we have been more pressure. But we are also putting a lot of effort into making sure that we improve both the price points of our products, the type of products we sell to drive and improve margins as well as significant effort on driving material cost reductions to reduce our cost of materials. But over time, over the longer time that Im here, we do expect that well also see a higher proportion of softwares and services revenue from our internet of things related activities.
Andrew Spinola  Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Great. Thats very helpful. Thanks. And then just one follow-up for me would be, Anders, you called out some pressure on revenue in the quarter from further reductions of the inventory distributors. And Im wondering what youre seeing in terms of that possibly in Q3 and going forward. Do you expect your distributors to continue working down the inventory?
Anders Gustafsson: Our expectation is that they will be neutral. So sales in and sales out should be equal, so we dont expect that to be a further reduction.
Andrew Spinola  Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Okay, thank you very much.
Operator: And our next question comes from Brian Drab.
Brian Drab  William Blair & Company: Good morning.
Anders Gustafsson: Hey, Brian.
Mike Smiley: Good morning.
Brian Drab  William Blair & Company: First question to follow up on that last point regarding inventory. Can you quantify what use on in terms of the inventory decline at your industry partners? And if you dont want to quantify it specifically, can you just say directionally, was it higher or lower or less of an impact than it was in the first quarter?
Anders Gustafsson: So the  we dont want to quantify it particularly, but I guess, it was somewhat less than the end of first quarter  yes, in the first quarter.
Brian Drab  William Blair & Company: Okay, so less than half of the impact in the first quarter or just a little bit less than the first quarter?
Anders Gustafsson: A little bit less than in the first quarter.
Brian Drab  William Blair & Company: Okay. So still a pretty significant headwind in this period?
Anders Gustafsson: Yes.
Brian Drab  William Blair & Company: Okay. And then just looking at the top line, can you help us understand what your  what revenue did on an organic basis adjusting for the LaserBand acquisition? I know it was a $24 million revenue business in 2011. I have imagined that contributed a lot about $7 million in sales in the quarter or so.
Anders Gustafsson: Yes, I dont think we break it out in detail but its always a very small part. It will be less than 1%.
Brian Drab  William Blair & Company: Okay. I think what Im trying to get to is, was it fair to say that on an organic basis taking that acquisition out of the picture that revenue was flat to maybe down 1% on an organic basis in the second quarter year-over-year?
Anders Gustafsson: So again, were not quoting  we havent been breaking out the LaserBand revenue. I think that youve got your two competing things. One is we had FX year-over-year negatively affecting us by the tune of about $1.3 million offset by the LaserBand stuff. So I think we had a little bit of a common goal, so it is, obviously, the LaserBand helped us a little bit in quarter relative to the year ago.
Brian Drab  William Blair & Company: Okay. And I guess Im not supposed to ask any more questions, but I just wanted to see if you could elaborate a little bit more on the strength that you saw on Europe and just hope you talk a little bit more about what you saw on Italy and UK retail because it looks like that was a great source of strength that you guys are doing very well there. Thank you.
Anders Gustafsson: Yes, so in Europe, the majority of our sub-regions were up in Europe. I think it was nine out of 13 sub-regions that were up. We saw a particular strength in Germany, UK, and Italy, which Ive been historically are strongest and largest markets. And I would say over the last year  Q2 of last year was a difficult quarter for Europe, but since then, the volatility in the region is much lower actually. And weve seen a slow but steady improvement. So I feel cautiously optimistic about Europe as we look into the second half of the year. Q3 is the always a traditionally slower quarter with vacations and other things in Europe. But our pipeline is improving and our team in Europe is very engaged and very solid. So we have some quite confidence for the second half. And maybe Mike Terzich would like to add some further color.
Mike Terzich: Okay. Sure. Thank you. Brian, the only point I would add to what were saying in Europe is from a retail perspective, we certainly have seen some stabilization in particular  I think were still benefitting from some strategic shifts, were going to back to a lot of what weve been able to deliver to retail has been efficiency productivity solutions and theyre still making those investments. So that Tier 2 retail climate [ph] particularly emanating out of the UK was strong for us, but then were also seeing that middle-class phenomenon in pockets, smaller pockets of Europe today namely out of the Eastern Europe part of the Russia territory where were seeing a lot of retail lift. So things look pretty good relative to what we foresee for the third quarter as well.
Brian Drab  William Blair & Company: Thanks very much.
Operator: And our next question comes from Michael Kim.
Michael Kim  Imperial Capital, LLC: Hi. Good morning, guys.
Anders Gustafsson: Good morning.
Mike Smiley: Good morning, Mike.
Michael Kim  Imperial Capital, LLC: Energy talked a little bit about  hi, good morning. Energy talked a little bit about today opportunities in the sports and recreation vertical. And hoping you could spend a moment just talking about the characteristics that make this vertical particularly attractive in appropriate area for investments and if you can speak to the upgrade cycle of certain product categories if its the multi-product opportunity and how youre pursuing in terms of Go-To-Market Strategy.
Anders Gustafsson: Yes, so, we announced  we announced the MotionWorks sports solution last week, but even before that we have had a number of installations in product in different sports verticals. For instance, we have RFID card printers in a number of key resorts including Vail to improve the efficiency of the lift systems but also to provide enhanced customer experience or user experience by having much more access to much greater data about this key experience. But we also have our mobile printers particularly in all sorts of stadiums for ticketing and receipt printing. And this MotionWorks sports software we did announce is an enhancement to existing product. So it really builds on our UWB real-time location systems that we acquired from MSSI few years back. And then its  the majority of the location software comes from our relative [ph] acquisition. And before weve actually put on the MotionWorks new software piece has been installed in software [ph] teams and IOSCO teams outside of the US. But now weve developed what we call the MotionWorks sports software functionality, which really is a way to much better provide visualization and to do much better real-time analytics about the movement of players or whatever you want to track in a sports arena. So this has great opportunities or great benefits for sports. And it helps both in the sense of providing much more granular information that can be used for practice. You can do replace of the game the night before, you can look at specific place, you can look at  theyre using this when youre doing recruiting. But also maybe the biggest improvement is it comes to the fan experience. We can now offer fans a different experience with replace and tracking how all the individual players move on to field in real-time and track all the statistics with this. So it really helps to diversify our business, a way from also from hardware to much more focus on services and software.
Michael Kim  Imperial Capital, LLC: Great. And as a follow on with some of the acquisitions concerning in the sports and recreation vertical and LaserBand that acquisition being about a year underdeveloped, can you talk a little bit about where youre focus concerning strategic opportunities, where youre focusing your attention, is it in this vertical or healthcare, maybe you could expand a little bit about some opportunities that youre focused on.
Anders Gustafsson: Yes, so Ill start and Ill hand over to Mike Terzich afterward. But for LaserBand specifically, the focus is really around healthcare. We still feel that thats  the solution is particularly well-suited for healthcare and there is a new fast-growing market that we want to make sure we capture as much market share from as possible in the early stages. But we also see opportunities to offer LaserBand solutions into entertainment, hospitality and other verticals like that.
Mike Terzich: Yes, thats right. Michael, couple other points, with LaserBand specifically, what it does for us is Zebra has always been very passionate about thermal printing technology, obviously, LaserBand is a laser printing technology particularly in some of the global international market. It actually lowers the IT entry cost of healthcare to introduce risk banding as part of a patients safety initiative, primarily due to the fact that hospitals deploy large insulations of laser printers today and that gives us a drop entry replacements opportunity in addition to the thermal bands where we see them coexisting. And both the thermal and the laser printed band, were seeing a lot more interest to Anders point in the recreational and in the hospitality space. So when you think about access to theme parks, recreation centers, swim with the dolphins, et cetera, theres a lot of control that those entities want a place to make sure that the people that are frequenting the facility have paid their fair share at the gate as well as a lot of other extending hospitality applications with travel and leisure in the portfolio from both the thermal banded solution as well as the laser banded solution is by far the best in the market place and were really well positioned to take advantage of the trends were seeing in those applications.
Michael Kim  Imperial Capital, LLC: And you know, when you think about your product portfolio or technology offerings, do you see an area where there might be a follow on strategic consolidation opportunities to augment LaserBand or build out capabilities in travel and leisure, healthcare or sports and recreation? Any portfolio additions that you see filling out over the next year or so?
Anders Gustafsson: The one are that we talk about consistently has been around supplies. We see, LaserBand as part of our supplies portfolio and we see that as being an attractive areas for investment. It offers a new team with attach rates to our printers particularly internationally where we today have a very low presence of supplies business.
Michael Kim  Imperial Capital, LLC: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: And once again, that is 0 then 1 to ask a question. Our next question comes from Keith Housum.
Keith Housum  North Research: Good morning, gentlemen. Thanks for taking my call. Question for you on the supplies business and perhaps I just missed this, but can you guys narrow down a little bit more perhaps on where the strength in the supplies is coming from, was it coming from the healthcare sector, and is that with more geographical strength, one sector  one segment of the area, country or the world, I guess, for lack of a better word, than another?
Anders Gustafsson: Generally, our supplies business did well globally where we are, but obviously, we are much stronger in North America and in Europe. The healthcare was a big part of this, so a great strength there. And we also saw a strong performance from the high quality more synthetic type labels that are used in manufacturing, higher margin products also. So overall, I think it was a very strong broad based performance from our supplies business and Mike Terzich is going to supply some further details.
Mike Terzich: Yes, Keith, you know our business, we have strategically located roughly half a thousand converting locations around  four in the United States, two at present in Europe. And those converting locations today are serving that manufacturing, what we call the specialty manufacturing market and where Zebra tends to focus and where we differentiate to Anders point is on high end specialty materials. These are materials that are typically used in line, in manufacturing, labels that could withstand lots of harsh environments, high temperature in manufacturing processes, circuit boards, et cetera. So that allows us to play in a space that generally is higher margin, varied specialty and it differentiates us from lots of little converters that provide local supply to their customer base. The second part of our market segment has been the growing  and that manufacturing base by the way is growing. We think that there is a fair amount of consolidation going on in the vendor community over the course of time. And Zebra has certainly grown at a rate that is much greater than the material management forecast for specialty materials that are being produced in the market place. That second leg to our growth strategy has been around healthcare and the expansion of patient safety initiatives, but were also leveraging that healthcare team into selling into the healthcare institutions across the pressure sensitive label business as well. So as you can imagine in a hospital a lot of label used, a lot of varied specialty resistance of chemicals, blood, et cetera, thats creating some more opportunity for us from a direct sale into a hospital fulfilled through our telesales organization that we acquired with LaserBand.
Keith Housum  North Research: Okay, great. And a follow up, the exit restructuring cost you guys have, the quarter of a million bucks or so, Im assuming that was further related to the Chinese supply chain. Please correct me if Im wrong. And then second, when should we start to see some of the benefit from that, I guess to the margins?
Mike Terzich: So the first question, certainly a good chunk of the exit and restructuring has to do with the manufacturing or supply chain ship to China. The second question, could you repeat that real quick?
Keith Housum  North Research: Yes, I guess  when can we expect to see some of that come through to the margins? Do you see it come through immediately? Or is that going to be more you know, built in over time?
Mike Terzich: It will be more built in over time. I mean the transition that happens is  end up with people passing on knowledge and stuff going from point A to pointy B, but it will eventually manifest itself. And to Anders point about  as we talked about margins, in part, weve got raw material cost reduction that were benefiting from and then our operating group is not only working really hard to manage our inventory better, but theyre also doing it more efficiently. So you know, were using that in part to help deal with you know, some of the pricing pressure we do periodically see.
Keith Housum  North Research: Great, thanks.
Operator: And our next question comes from Paul Coster.
Paul Coster  J.P. Morgan Securities: Thanks for taking my question. Anders, how much revenue are you driving from software sales today and what is the growth rate associated with that?
Anders Gustafsson: I got to look that up here. I dont have that exactly at my fingertips. But it is a small number, its been growing, but it is a relatively modest number. But we have put much more effort over last couple of years to develop new solutions that have a much higher software content. And we talked about Link-OS as one of those, as the new operating system for our new printers, thats going to be helpful. I think the motion works sports vertical applications, commerce for our retails areas, and we have some other things that are going also that we think will be very attractive to us. Maybe Mike  to the specific 
Mike Terzich: Yes. The software revenue for the company is you know, less than $2 million. Its not very large. I think the thing at this point, as Anders is talking about is we start selling more of the OS solution, definitely much more of a software content. I think the other thing weve been talking, you know, which will help us move towards internet of things type solutions, I think the other thing we talked about is that our  the content of our products have a larger software component in them. So for example, our printers have a much greater degree of software in that product and then there was five of six years ago. So its a combination of software in our hardware solutions and specific software sales that we expect to see through our move into the internet of things.
Paul Coster  J.P. Morgan Securities: Okay. And then Anders, the retail looks quite good globally, but domestically, it wasnt quite what I was looking for. Maybe its more noise than reality, but Im hearing a lot about you know, this upgrade of point of sales in small to medium size retail using iPads and other mobile platforms. It just seems that you should be benefiting from that. Whats going on there and can you sort of project little ways as to what you think will happen?
Anders Gustafsson: Yes, so generally, we had a stronger performance with retail outside of North America. North America was the weaker side, but we have good growth with retail outside of North America. And in North America, the pier two retailers were particularly strong. And as we look into the second half of the year, we also expect our pier two retailers to grow the fastest. The retailers  two trends that are holding back retail spend today. One is just an overall modest economic activity, so theyre all very nervous about making larger capital commitments so they tend to divide their projects into smaller pieces and spread them out over a longer period of time, so we dont get as many of the larger enterprise deals as we used to. The other one is the point that I think you are referring to that, retailers are making a lot of analysis today around how are they going to transition to a mobile point of sales solution, how they are going to make sure that they are chip and pin compliant, compliant to the EMB2 standard. I think those things are pre occupying retailers and theyre holding off investing to some degree until they have gotten better handle on exactly how theyre going to roll out those solutions. But were not trying to make sure we can position ourselves well to participate in some of those new areas. It really reinforces our focus on internet of things like technologies so as we have with the Zebra commerce and specifically for the second half of the year, our pipeline has been growing quite nicely. So we have more confidence that retail would be performing better in the second half and in the first half.
Paul Coster  J.P. Morgan Securities: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Andrew Spinola.
Andrew Spinola  Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Thanks. I just want to follow up on your comments on your own inventory that you made. It sounds like your inventories gotten lower than you expected it too. And I was wondering what would be the driver of that? Is that possibly a pickup of demand near the end of the quarter or maybe just sort of late shipments on new products?
Mike Smiley: This is Mike Smiley. This is primarily affected  as we mentioned we had a stronger demand for meeting customers in our government and transportation on logistics vertical than we anticipated less than retail. So effectively, the mix we forecasted for products was a little bit different than what we actually resulted in. So as a result, we ended up using more of one skew than we expected of the other skew. And so the inventory ends up being a little bit lower than we anticipate. I think this is something thats just normal in the business. Sometimes youre good at guessing where it is, sometimes not. So the only reason we really bring it up is just to let you know that when we go on the third quarter, our gross margin looks relatively  were forecasting relatively flat gross margins in the third quarter relative to the second quarter and thats because in part we expect to have to pay more in freight to build up some of those inventories to levels that will allow us to continue to serve our customers the way we want to.
Andrew Spinola  Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Got it. And then the last question for me. Weve heard some companies talk about sort of developing weakness in China. And I was wondering, it sounds like your business actually gotten better there. So maybe you can give us a little more color on that market. Thanks.
Anders Gustafsson: Yes, China was improved for us quite nicely in the second quarter. We saw manufacturing come back of it because thats been a weakness in China for us. So weve been so exposed to manufacturing over the years. But over the last two years, we put the real effort into diversifying our business away from manufacturing and making us less dependent on manufacturing. And weve seen a really nice growth in our business in healthcare, in retail and government. So we have a much better balance to business today than weve had before. And that gives us also some better confidence that we will be seeing more growth as we go forward from China.
Andrew Spinola  Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Thanks.
Operator: (Operator instructions) Im showing no further questions at this time.
Doug Fox: Okay. With that, thank you all for joining us today. Id like to let you know that our next regularly scheduled conference call will be for our third quarter earnings which is currently scheduled on November 5th. Have a good day.
Operator: And thank you for attending todays conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-05-04 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Anders Gustafsson - Chief Executive Officer Mike Smiley - Chief Financial Officer  Mike Terzich - Senior Vice President, Global Sales and Marketing Doug Fox - Vice President, Investor Relations
Analysts: Stephen Stone - Sidoti & Company Brian Drab - William Blair Michael Kim - Imperial Capital John Barta - Northcoast Research Greg Halter - Great Lakes Review Paul Coster - JPMorgan
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Zebra Technologies 2013 First Quarter Earnings Release Conference Call. Joining us from Zebra Technologies are Anders Gustafsson, CEO; Mike Smiley, CFO; Mike Terzich, Senior Vice President, Global Sales and Marketing and Doug Fox, Vice President, Investor Relations. All lines will be in a listen-only mode until after todays presentation. Instructions will be given at that time in order to ask a question. At the request of Zebra Technologies, this conference call is being recorded. Should anyone have any objections, please disconnect at this time. At this time, I would like to introduce Mr. Doug Fox of Zebra Technologies. Sir, you may begin.
Doug Fox - Vice President, Investor Relations: Thank you and good morning everyone. Thank you for joining us today. Certain statements made on this call will relate to future events or circumstances and therefore will be forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as expect, believe, and anticipate are a few examples of words identifying a forward-looking statement. Forward-looking information is subject to various risks and uncertainties, which could significantly affect expected results. Risk factors were noted in the news release issued this morning and are also described in Zebras 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2012, which is on file with the SEC. Now, let me turn the call over to Anders Gustafsson for some brief opening remarks.
Anders Gustafsson - Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Doug, and good morning everyone. Today, Zebra reported first quarter sales of $237 million and earnings of $0.46 per share including $0.04 per share in exit and restructuring costs and acquisition expenses. While results fell short of our expectations and our guidance range for the quarter, which is seasonally the slowest period of the year for Zebra. We executed well on our strategy and advanced our industry leadership position. We entered the second quarter encouraged by a much improved pace of business and a growing pipeline of revenue opportunities. We expect this favorable environment to translate into a sequential increase of $9 million to $21 million in second quarter sales. In addition, important opportunities to expand our business in the second half of the year are developing. These opportunities span the range of Zebra products, including thermal printers, supplies and service, as well as new growth platforms such as mobile point of sales, or POS and location solutions. After several periods of solid performance in North America, the first quarter experienced soft run-rate business in the first half of the quarter and slow large deal activity with key retailers. Consequently, some of our distribution channel partners made conservative decisions to aggressively reduce inventories. While the second half of the quarter was much improved, the pickup was not enough to fully overcome the slower start to the year. Our performance in EMEA, Asia-Pacific and Latin America was largely within expectations. Although business conditions in EMEA remain challenged, all of our international regions experienced a steady run-rate business indicating continued investment in asset visibility solutions by local customers. Overall, our geographic diversity continued to benefit Zebra through an uncertain business climate as ongoing strength in several countries helped to offset weakness in others. We remain optimistic about Zebras opportunities for growth and long-term success, while staying watchful over uncertain business conditions in various regions worldwide. We will remain nimble in this environment by optimizing our cost structure and allocating our resources appropriately. By doing so, we are able to free up capacity to invest in additionally important high return business development opportunities. Our focus on improving operational effectiveness is reflected in the $1.9 million charge for exit and restructuring costs. These charges include moving additional supply chain functions within closer proximity of our China manufacturing base, redirecting our global sales and marketing resources to deliver on the greatest opportunities, and optimizing worldwide support functions. As we have noted in the past, we continue to pursue a vision and drive growth through five strategic pillars. First, intensify innovation, second expand into new markets, third, maximize operation effectiveness, fourth, penetrate existing markets further and lastly, inspire our people and culture. I will now highlight some areas of progress in the first quarter relative to our pillars. We continue to maintain a high level of innovation, a key element of our strategy that positions Zebra from improving performance in all our regions. During the quarter, we introduced four new innovative printer products which will help drive growth in established and adjacent markets and applications. To support emerging opportunities in mobile point of sale, we introduced the lightweight iMZ220 and iMZ320 wireless mobile receipt printers both certified for use with Apples proprietary Bluetooth technology. We also strengthened our mobile printer line with the QL420, the high performance model with multiple applications across a wide range of industries. All three incorporate Link-OS, our innovative operating system that pairs a powerful software development kit and software apps with smart Zebra devices. The operating system allows users to easily integrate, manage, and maintain Zebras suite of printers over the cloud from remote locations. During the first quarter, we also strengthened our line of Zebra card printers with the introduction of the ZXP7. Designed for secure high performance use, the ZXP7 is receiving an excellent reception from channel partners and customers. First installations of ZXP7 card printers include applications for drivers licenses in Argentina and Columbia, as well as person ID solutions for Princess Cruise Lines, Brown University and major retail customer. In North America, our activities to penetrate existing markets further are enabling Zebra to serve more customers in targeted industries with our full range of product and solutions. Healthcare stood out as a bright spot for Zebra in the region with sales of printers, wrist bands and other supplies nearly doubling. Our growth in healthcare has impart into the result of increased deployments of our technologies by hospitals investing to better meet the requirements under the Affordable Care Act to improve patient safety. We have also positioned Zebra for further growth in this segment. During the quarter, we renewed further  we renewed supply chain  supply contracts with hospital group purchasing organizations. We doubled our investment in sales resources dedicated into healthcare, and also expanded our investment with a major Chicago-based provider of technology solutions to healthcare. In retail, we continue to serve more customers with a broader range of industry specific solutions. Global point of sale is the latest of an expanding array of solutions that offers retailers improved opportunities to enhance the shopping experience and build brand loyalty. While early in its roll out, we have a nicely developing pipeline for mobile POS solutions that we expect to convert the sales later this year. Government and education are other areas where we have expanded our business. The first quarter wins for student IDs and drivers licenses with the ZXP7 card printer are an early indication of success in this attractive area for growth. In EMEA, investments to diversify our business across more countries have mitigated the challenges in the region. During the quarter, Turkey, where we invested to increase sales coverage, performed well. We also had favorable growth in Italy where we were pleased with the competitive win for a large order of Zebra MC mobile printers, services and supplies from the Italian Postal Service. We also won our biggest RFID project in Germany to-date to improve production efficiency and quality, Europes largest kitchen manufacturer is converting its production and logistics from bar code to RFID this year. Soon, every kitchen component will be identified and tracked with an RFID tag to optimize asset visibility through the entire production process. In Latin America, our investments to expand into new markets with greater sales coverage led the solid performance in Chile, Peru and Colombia. In the Mexico, the re-surging manufacturing sector led to strong growth as well. These gains more than offset the year-over-year decline in Brazil with general business conditions remained sluggish. In Asia-Pacific, we experienced improved business activity in Korea, Australia and other sub-regions. In China, reduced shipments to a still challenged manufacturing sector were partially offset with sales to new customers in retail, government and transportation and logistics sectors. We are pleased with our progress in diversifying our business in China as its economy evolves towards the more consumer focused. The new products we introduced within past two years have helped us gain share and brand leadership. Greater activity in China and Asia-Pacific broadly gives us confidence of an improving trend in the region. Lastly, we are making steady progress in location solutions in area where we expect growth. During the first quarter, Zebra shipped its $1 million RFID tag, an important milestone which further positioned Zebra as the clear leader in active RFID. Based on a number of significant pilots that are underway, we are encouraged about the growth of this product line reflecting the value of the real-time visibility, our products provide and the tangible impact of our ongoing investments in R&D and innovation. During the first quarter, we secured business for Zebra real-time location solutions for customers including automotive manufactures and suppliers. These companies are finding meaningful value in the real-time visibility Zebra delivers in their manufacturing processes and in managing their extended supply chains. Zebras progress on several fronts positions the company for high growth and returns. We will continue to invest in our proven strategy, which is enabling us to penetrate existing markets more deeply and expand into new markets, technologies, and applications. We are optimistic that the results of these efforts will become more parent as the year progresses. Now, Ill ask our CFO, Mike Smiley to provide a detailed review of first quarter results and guidance for the second quarter of 2013. After Mikes remarks, I will return to some brief closing comments.
Mike Smiley - Chief Financial Officer: Thank you, Anders. Let me highlight some of the key components of Zebras results for the first quarter. My comments will principally focus on year-over-year changes in the performance of Zebras operations. First, anticipated sales decline in Europe and Asia-Pacific were partially offset by sales growth, our North America and Latin America regions. Second, gross margin was most affected by product mix and sales volumes. And third, operating expenses increased from higher wages and other employee related expenses as well as exit and restructuring costs. Lets take a look at sales. For the quarter, sales declined 2.8% from $243.9 million last year to $236.9 million this year. The impact of foreign exchange, net of hedges, was not material. In EMEA, sales declined 10% from peak sales a year ago as expected primarily the result of weak economic conditions in the region. Sales for North America increased 1%. From a product point of view, printer and other hardware sales were down in the region. Supply sales, which include labels, wrist bands and ribbons, remained on a strong year-over-year upward trend. As mentioned earlier, weak sales in the first half of the year triggered inventory reductions by our distributions accounting for most of our difference. In Asia-Pacific, sales were down 1% from a year ago. Manufacturing in Asia-Pacific was affected by economic weakness in Europe, again consistent with our expectations. Latin American sales advanced 4%, benefiting from our geographic diversification and improved manufacturing environment in Mexico. By product category, hardware sales declined 8%, which was partially offset by 14% growth and supplies. While a portion of the supplies growth was due to the LaserBand acquisition, sales of thermal-based supplies were also up. On a year-over-year basis, average printer unit prices declined from $503 to $469 principally because of mix. Product mix and volume also had the largest impact in gross margin. For the first quarter, gross margin was 47.7% compared with 49.2% last year. Operating expenses increased 9% from a year ago; much of the increase was due to higher employment related expenses. Year-over-year, the LaserBand and StepOne acquisitions, which occurred in the second half of last year, accounted for a portion of the SG&A expense increased plus the additional $1.1 million of amortization. Operating expenses also include $1.9 million in exit and restructuring costs, which added 2.4 percentage points to the year-over-year growth as well as $482,000 in acquisition expenses. Quarterly operating income of $20 million plus depreciation and amortization of $7.4 million, totaled $35.5 million of cash earnings or $0.69 of cash EPS. Effective income tax rate for the first quarter was 18.2%. The rate reflects the impact of a greater proportion of our income that is generated in lower taxed regions as well as recognition of a $400,000 R&D tax credit in U.S. Earnings totaled $0.46 per share including a reduction of $0.04 per share per acquisition expenses and exit and restructuring costs on $31.4 million average shares outstanding. At the end of the first quarter, we had $51 million shares outstanding. In total, we generated $22 million of free cash flow, in part by improved management of Zebras inventories by $7 million from the end of 2012. The day sales outstanding increased slightly from 64 days to 65 days. During the quarter, we returned $4 million to shareholders in the form of stock buybacks. We ended the period with $418 million of cash investments with about $200 million held in foreign accounts. Now, lets look at our second quarter forecast. We are forecasting 2013 second quarter sales in the range of $246 million to $258 million. Our current deal pipeline backlog in level of activity supported this outlook. Earnings are expected at $0.58 to $0.57 per share on a GAAP basis or $0.50 to $0.70 per share on a pro forma basis before estimated restructuring charges of $0.02 per share. Our forecast assumed the consolidated gross margin in the range of 48% to 49%. Operating expenses are forecasted  are forecast between $79 million and $81 million including the incremental expense from LaserBand and StepOne, but before estimated restructuring charges of $1.8 million. The forecast also assumes an effective income tax rate of 21%, which continues to reflect the benefit of our legal entity structure we put in place affecting our foreign operations last year. This concludes my formal remarks. Thank you for your attention. Now heres Anders for some concluding comments.
Anders Gustafsson - Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Mike. Although, the first quarter was challenging, we remained confident in the second quarter and beyond. Near-term, we are experiencing a growing pipeline and the current phase of business should translate into sequential growth in all geographic regions. By consistently following a well-defined strategy, we have continued to extend our industry leadership. Our business execution, financial strength, and innovation have resulted in stronger relationships with more consumers worldwide. As we pursue our growth goals, we will continue to exercise effective control over operating expenses to drive greater efficiencies and direct resources to those areas that will deliver the highest returns in our investment. We will also execute stock buyback and pursue acquisitions for the benefit for our shareholders. Longer term, we are optimistic that meaningful returns on our investments in new incremental areas of growth will become increasingly evident as we progress through 2013. These areas build on the strength and brand of our core business. They also further move Zebra to new adjacencies which are expanding the total available market for Zebras products and solutions, such as mobile POS and cloud-based applications to our Link-OS operating system. RFID is another attractive area of growth as customers in a broad range of industries are recognizing the gains in visibility that solutions built around this technology can offer. This week at the RFID Journal Live industry conference, we highlighted two important customers, Vail Resorts and GEA Farm Technologies that are utilizing RFID in innovative ways to enhance the customer experience integrate with social media and increased the productivity and efficiency of operations. At the show, we also announced the planned introduction of our newest passive RFID printer encoder, the ZD500R. This compact desktop unit offers great performance in the small footprint and incorporates Link-OS for enhanced printer operation. We also recently released our Material Flow wireless replenishment starter kit. Utilizing active RFID technology, Material Flow provides a real time visibility on the plant floor, so manufacturers can respond quickly to changes in inventory, production status and customer requests. Material Flow can help to decrease on hand inventories, improve asset utilization and reduce labor costs. To conclude, we continued to have great confidence in our business and the strategy we are following to create shareholder value. Zebra together with our partners is working to build a smarter more connected global distance community. Increasingly the internet of things and other emerging technology trends are creating new incremental revenue opportunities for Zebra. We also remain optimistic about our core business where we are building stronger relationships with key strategic customers and enabling better penetration of established and new industries. Thank you for your attention today. We look forward to providing you with regular updates on our progress through 2013. I would now like to turn the call back to Doug for Q&A.
Doug Fox - Vice President, Investor Relations: Thank you, Anders. Before we open the call to your questions, let me ask that you limit your questions to one question and one follow-up. In addition, Mike and I will be available after the call for any further discussions.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Okay. And our first question comes from Stephen Stone. Please go ahead.
Stephen Stone - Sidoti & Company:  Good morning.
Mike Smiley: Good morning.
Anders Gustafsson: Good morning, Stephen.
Stephen Stone - Sidoti & Company: Just I guess my first question here is, can you give us the expectations you have for mobile POS and RFID? Are these becoming more meaningful to kind of revenue and bottom line now?
Anders Gustafsson: Well, I shall start with RFID. We see continued steady progress on RFID generally. Weve moved from a few years back primarily testing the technology with our customers to now we are testing the applications and the business case. So, most applications now are more niche oriented they are more closed loop oriented. But we see good traction particularly in retail, but also in other manufacturing segments around particularly around automotive. But its still a pretty small part of our business and it is somewhat lumpy as part of that, but we certainly see an upward trend and we have good great confidence that they will become a growing part of our business.
Stephen Stone - Sidoti & Company: Okay.
Anders Gustafsson: And I guess I talked about mobile POS, so I guess I would frame that in maybe around more of our total investments weve made in growth areas over the last few years. We have a portfolio of investments that we are pursuing. And many of those are more focused on our the core part of our business so expanding into new geographic regions, increasing the cadence of new product introductions that I think has been working out very well over the last few years we feel very strongly that those have helped us to accelerate revenue and certainly accelerate share gain in the industry. But we also have some other investments that are a bit more into adjacencies than the core. Here we talk about some of the software activities we are doing. I guess RFID will be part of that and mobile point of sale is also part of that. And we feel that we are well on track with relative to our own plans for realizing good returns of these programs. But, they are more embryonic, you can say, in some respect, so it will take longer for them to come to fruition. But the pipeline around, as I say particularly mobile point of sales is very attractive. We have quite a few meaningful deals that we hope to be able to close in the second half of this year.
Stephen Stone - Sidoti & Company: Okay. My other question here is, what is your outlook on the acquisitions kind of the pipeline and also the competitive market, how does that look?
Anders Gustafsson: Well, we are always looking for to invest in the opportunities with the highest risk adjusted returns. And we  our primary first goal for that, top priority is really to invest in organic growth. We think that has the  that is the highest risk adjusted return we can find. Next, we have buybacks and acquisitions, we are active. We are looking at a number of acquisition opportunities, but they must meet our financial criteria and also pass through our strategic hurdles, to make sure that they really do fit the business and are something they have to accelerate our ability to execute on our strategy or better enable us to execute on our strategy.
Stephen Stone - Sidoti & Company: Okay, and if I could sneak just one more question, what is the percentage of sales from your largest customers?
Mike Smiley: This is Mike, still we list three customers. Our customer A is 16.6%, customer we call B is 12% and customer we call C is 11.9%. In comparison for 2012, a year ago if I look at customer A is 21.5%, customer B was 11% and customer C was 9.7%.
Stephen Stone - Sidoti & Company: Okay, thank you.
Mike Smiley: Yep.
Operator: Your next question comes from Brian Drab. Please go ahead.
Brian Drab - William Blair: Good morning.
Anders Gustafsson: Good morning.
Mike Smiley: Good morning, Brian.
Brian Drab - William Blair: Good morning, just first question, can you talk a little bit more about what happened in North America and whether the weakness was weighted more toward manufacturing or retail or were you able to discern what end markets were most challenged?
Anders Gustafsson: So, North America we would say we had a slower start than we expected. The run rate is generally was somewhat weaker than we would have expected. And there was also pure large deal activity going on. I think as we entered Q1 globally, but particularly in North America I think the business community was quite hesitant to commit to spending money in Q2. I think it took longer for most businesses to hand out offering budgets to their business units. And that got us off to a slower start than we had expected. Retail had been a very strong vertical for us in 2012. It was a bit more of a mix bag in Q1, but we do expect retail to be a growth engine for us over the longer term divested this year. The retailers are particularly interested I think investing both in technology to help improve the operations, but also to help improve the shopping experience and built the brand as they have to compete against online retailers, so we have seen a lot of benefit from that. I think healthcare was the other market that we would probably highlight here. There was a bright spot for us. We almost doubled the revenues in healthcare and that was very much a result of the investments, weve made in building that vertical over the last 3 or 4 years. Mike anything to add from you.
Mike Terzich: Brian this is, excuse me this is Mike Terzich, let me add a little color on and tease apart a little bit what happened in North America from both the run rate and from our key retail business. On the run rate side, as you know over the past several quarters weve talked about one of the assets that we have as our large install base particularly in what we call the big iron heavy metal product. And we saw perhaps a little bit of the tail end of a pretty robust refresh rate that had been going on for most of 2012 carried into 2013 perhaps not at the level that we were expecting. On the key retail side, our business in retail quite a bit of that business is tied to our mobile devices, which are also tied to what is happening on the terminal side of the business. And as you know Microsoft is going through a revision of their mobile device operating platform. I think retailers in general that have terminals tied to a lot of those mobile devices are a little bit in a wait and see mode as that gets sorted out. And thats been going on I think for a couple of quarters. I think if you look back historically, last couple of quarters have large opportunities in retail business as they are a little sluggish and that continues, but we do see some changes in the wind as it relates to the second quarter.
Brian Drab - William Blair: Okay, thanks for all of that good detail. And then just one modeling question here, I didnt see in the press release your typical disclosure of how much impact FX had on the top line. I dont know if you said ahead on the call, so can you talk about that and then also what you expect in the second quarter in terms of the top line impact from FX?
Mike Smiley: Yeah, good question, there is really no FX impact in the first quarter and we are not really expecting much of an impact in the second quarter at all.
Brian Drab - William Blair: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Okay, our next question comes from Mr. Michael Kemp. Please go ahead.
Michael Kim - Imperial Capital: Hi, good morning everyone.
Anders Gustafsson: Good morning.
Mike Smiley: Good morning.
Michael Kim - Imperial Capital: So, just turning back to North America, can you talk a little about the tone you are hearing from the distribution channel, given that they had aggressively brought down their channel inventories, are you seeing sort of that similar aggressive rebuild of the channel inventories, do they feel better about demand environment?
Anders Gustafsson: Yes, I think the Q1 was a bit unusual, generally for us here. The first month of the quarter is normally the slowest, but and we do about 50% of our business in the last month of the quarter. This year and as I think in Q1 particularly Q1 is generally January is particularly difficult to use as a guide for the rest of the quarter because it does take much longer some years for businesses to kind of hand out their budgets. And what we saw in Q1 was kind of globally a pretty weak start from the, but our international regions we are able to recover and bring that business back in the second half of the quarter or particularly in March. In North America that did not happen particularly because some of our distribution channel partners were little skittish about the overall economic situation and did not want to be called out with too much inventory, if the market werent going to come back the way we had hoped. So, they decided to bring down inventories quite aggressively.
Michael Kim - Imperial Capital: Okay, and then just in terms of implications for the guidance, if we look at sort of the midpoint of the range that seems to imply that the hardware business, the printer business sort of recovers at sort of the same run-rate that you saw lets call it second half of last year, is that sort of right way to think about the hardware business?
Anders Gustafsson: Yeah, I think so, we are expecting that the sales in and sales out from our distribution partners will be neutral in the quarter. We are not expecting there to be any  we are not factoring in any changes to the inventory particularly.
Michael Kim - Imperial Capital: Okay, great. And then just turning towards the product mix and ASPs, are you seeing maybe a fundamental change in the customer demand in terms of the mix of products that they are looking at, is it focus more now on mobile and desktop and maybe less on high performance?
Anders Gustafsson: Yeah, the AUP as we said had been  is driven primarily by mix for us. We had a little less of our high end product line go through and we have done lots of work over the last quarter and the prior quarters. Now, to really try to understand very clearly what is driving it and what are the conclusions from this. And so far maybe the conclusions we have is that the pricing within each of our product family is very stable. There is a very modest price erosion over time. But the  some of our new or more low end products are growing much faster than the historical product portfolio we had. So, we are seeing a stronger growth in the low end of the portfolio and so the mix then becomes lower priced, but we are also spending a lot of effort making sure we are aggressively taking costs out of those products. So, that the gross margin of those products should be kind of within the band of normal as we see at  for gross margins.
Mike Terzich: We did talk a little bit about the mix relative to the geographies, so if you kind of go back to the previous comments around some of the North America refresh which tends to be centered on manufacturing and warehousing. And if you look at what happened globally within EMEA some constraints in the German market, which is a very heavy industrial manufacturing market for us and then you add in factory in China, which has  we have been leveraging off of multi-national manufacturing. That actually kind of accelerated a little bit more of a distortion in the mix. And so to Anders point where we are seeing some new business opportunity. And that tends to be in some of the mobile desktop space and those markets kind of re-correct or rewrite themselves. We think that mix will actually become a little rich, or its actually reflected that way for us in our second quarter.
Michael Kim - Imperial Capital: Great. And then last question, can you talk a little bit about the cadence or anticipated cadence of new product introductions, I think last year, you had 14. It looks likes you are off to a good start with 4 this quarter, but would you anticipate to be above that 14, that you guys achieved last year?
Anders Gustafsson: Yeah, our expectation is that we will launch a similar amount of new products in 2013 as we did in 2012. You will probably see a slightly higher emphasis around software. So, the Link-OS software platform that we talked about here now, we are going to have several releases of that coming out in the year. So, the emphasis would move slightly more towards software, but you should expect a similar cadence on new product introductions going forward.
Michael Kim - Imperial Capital: Great thank you very much.
Operator: Okay. Our next question comes from John Barta. Please go ahead.
John Barta - Northcoast Research: Yeah, hi, and thank you for taking my question. My guess on the OpEx side, each line item was up quite a bit, while revenue was down. Can you provide a little more additional color on what were the puts and takes there?
Mike Smiley: Yeah, this is Mike Smiley. There is a couple of things that are going on. First of all, we have  we did do those StepOne and LaserBand acquisition, which drove a little bit of our increase. The other thing, I would say, is that when you compare year-over-year right we end up with  we end up giving our withholding and those types of things happened in the first quarter, it happened in both quarters, but we also have the fact that we have had more the raises come out in the first quarter that sort of increases first quarter to first quarter. We also had increase in some headcount over and above the LaserBand and the StepOne acquisition mostly in areas that we are trying to invest and grow, and which is in the sales and marketing and the engineering. For example, engineering resources in China, our supply chain resources in China, and then some sales and marketing resources. So, most of it is really as I mentioned before employee-related expenses.
John Barta - Northcoast Research: Okay. And then more of a housekeeping question, could you just restate the long-term gross margin goal or target?
Anders Gustafsson: Our long-term gross margin target has not changed from prior quarters we say high 40%, so 48% to 50% is our expected target range.
Mike Smiley: And I think we would classify the results for this quarter lowish, I dont think this is what we would view is in the  what we were expecting long run.
John Barta - Northcoast Research:  Alright, thank you.
Anders Gustafsson: Yeah.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) And with that, our next question comes from Greg Halter. Please go ahead.
Greg Halter - Great Lakes Review: Yeah, thank you and good morning.
Anders Gustafsson: Good morning.
Greg Halter - Great Lakes Review: On your combined cash and investment holdings of $417 million or slightly over, what was the return on that in the quarter?
Mike Smiley: Its like 0.7% or something its very low.
Greg Halter - Great Lakes Review: Okay. And given there was only I think $4 million repurchased of shares, just wonder what your thoughts are going forward given the cash earning not a whole lot in $400 plus million of cash?
Mike Smiley: Yeah, we have always kind of said that we view stock buyback as one of the key uses of cash for us. And if you look historically we have retuned quite a lot of cash through stock buybacks over the last five years. I think we reduced share capital by the third. This quarter, we also always said that we want to be opportunistic in when we buyback shares. And in Q1, there was such a strong momentum behind the share price you felt that that there will be chasing the share price up. And we rather have the patience to wait for right opportunities you go back to Q3, 2011 when we bought back 1.8 million shares in one quarter. So, we have I think shown that we are willing to do that in the right opportunities.
Greg Halter - Great Lakes Review: Alright. And one other quick one customer A had a pretty good drop about five points I guess on a year-over-year basis, would that explain the comments in your  partially explain the comments in your release regarding slowdown of North America and Channel Partners and so forth?
Anders Gustafsson: It would not necessarily explain the slowdown in the sales out of total market, which was quite strong, but it would indicate that thats where an inventory correction took place.
Greg Halter - Great Lakes Review: Alright, thank you.
Operator: Okay, our next question comes from Paul Coster. Please go ahead.
Paul Coster - JPMorgan: Yeah, thanks for taking my question. Anders you seem to be indicating growth will accelerate somewhat in second half of this year, which is sort of book and ship business, its difficult to stay, but you seem quite confident and somehow or another its also going to sort of express something new at the company. Whats going on, why do you have such good visibility into this improvement in the second half of the year, and what is the message that you are trying to convey here regarding the change at Zebra.
Anders Gustafsson: First I guess we are giving guidance for the next quarter, we talked about kind of the larger deal pipeline being strong and expecting some good things from that come out, but the focus really of the common zone on Q2. And the guidance we have given is the way we put that together is very much in line with how we put together guidance for like the 23 quarters that I have been part of doing this. And I feel that the booking trends so far this quarter, the pipeline we have, the conversations we have with our customers, which I feel is getting more constructive is lending itself to that to be a reasonable forecast that with the same risk profile, I would say as we normally have in our forecast.
Paul Coster - JPMorgan: Okay, in your Analyst Day from last year, I think you talked about sort of growth aspiration, what was that, and do you think that can be achieved this year?
Anders Gustafsson: The way we laid it out at our analyst meeting I think it was March or February 2012 was that we saw a market growth, a base market growth of 6% to 7% based on VDCs independent analyst research. And we said we think we could grow 2% to 3% faster than the market. In 2012, I dont think we have seen official market data yet, but I am confident that market did not grow, 6% to 7%, but I believe that we grew our market share quite substantially. So, at least that piece of it I think we got right. For 2013, its clearly harder to achieve a higher single digit growth for the year, when we have a weak first quarter, but we do feel that the over the next several years, when the markets become even, I would say in last few years, we have had some really good years, and some really crap years, but I think in an normalized economic environment, I believe that we should be able to get into a higher-single digits growth rates.
Paul Coster - JPMorgan: Alright, thank you.
Operator: Okay, now I will turn it back to our speakers for closing remarks.
Doug Fox - Vice President, Investor Relations: Thank you everybody for joining us today. We look forward to keeping in touch with you as we progress through 2013. Have a good day.
Operator: Thank you ladies and gentlemen.

===== 2012 Q4  (2013-02-12 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Anders Gustafsson - CEO Mike Smiley - CFO Mike Terzich - SVP, Global Sales & Marketing Doug Fox - VP, Investor Relations
Analysts: Michael Kim - Imperial Capital Tony Kure - KeyBanc Capital Markets Stephen Stone - Sidoti & Company Paul Coster - JPMorgan Keith Housum - Northcoast Research Andrew Spinola - Wells Fargo Tavis McCourt - Raymond James Brian Drab - William Blair Jason Rogers - Great Lakes Review Greg Halter - Great Lakes Review 
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Zebra Technologies 2012 Fourth Quarter Earnings Release Conference Call. Joining us from Zebra Technologies are Anders Gustafsson, CEO; Mike Smiley, CFO; Mike Terzich, Senior Vice President, Global Sales and Marketing and Doug Fox, Vice President, Investor Relations. All lines will be in a listen-only mode until after todays presentation. Instructions will be given at that time in order to ask a question. At the request of Zebra Technologies, this conference call is being recorded. Should anyone have any objections, please disconnect at this time. And at this time, I would like to introduce Mr. Doug Fox of Zebra Technologies. Sir, you may begin.
Doug Fox: Thank you. Good morning. Thank you for joining us today. Certain statements made on this call will relate to future events or circumstances and therefore will be forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as expect, believe and anticipate are a few examples of words identifying a forward-looking statement. Forward-looking information is subject to various risks and uncertainties which could significantly affect expected results. Risk factors were noted in the news release issued this morning and are also described in Zebras 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011, which is on file with the SEC. Now let me turn the call over to Anders Gustafsson for some brief opening remarks.
Anders Gustafsson: Thank you, Doug, and good morning everyone. Today Zebra reported solid results for the fourth quarter of 2012 and the full-year. For the quarter, GAAP earnings from continuing operations totaled $0.68 per share including acquisition and restructuring charges that reduced earnings by $0.03 per share. Quarterly sales of $253 million were the second highest in company history. We achieved record sales in Latin America, along with a pick-up in business in EMEA and continued strength in North America. The quarter was characterized by a consistent run rate business. Modest large deal activity was related to the ongoing challenges in Europe and Asia. We had record sales of desktop printers as well as of supplies and services. Sustained high profitability drove strong free cash flow of $43 million for the quarter. We returned $15 million to shareholders for the period with the repurchase of 400,000 shares. Highlights for the 2012 full-year include record sales on four consecutive quarters of sequential sales growth. GAAP earnings from continuing operations of $2.35 per share included acquisition and restructuring costs and an impairment charge which reduced EPS by $0.23. For the year, free cash flow totaled $188 million, with $54 million returned to shareholders in the form of stock buybacks. We also deployed $73 million for two acquisitions and other investments to enhance shareholder value. These investments supported the meaningful progress made throughout the year in advancing the following goals: Extend Zebras leadership in our core business; develop new sources of high growth revenue and take advantage of emerging technology trends as our customers strive to achieve greater visibility into their value chains. Results for the quarter and full-year can be attributed to clearly defined and well executed strategies. We enhanced Zebras relevance to customers by meeting more of their extended supply chain visibility needs. A higher cadence of new product introductions led to a stronger compliment of innovative products and solutions. In addition, more effective sales and marketing programs enabled deeper engagements with customers in targeted industries such as manufacturing, healthcare and retail. Zebras performance also continues to highlight the value of our diversity across geographies, products and industries. It demonstrates our increasing success to become a stronger, strategic partner with our customers and an even more formidable force against our competitors. Over the last 12 months, we have discussed how Zebra together with our partners is working to create a smarter, more connected global business community. We are pursuing this vision through five strategic pillars. First, intensify innovation. Second, expand into new markets. Third, maximize operational effectiveness. Fourth, penetrate existing markets further. And lastly, inspire our people and culture. Supported by proven business strategy, our drive for innovation in products and across the organization is pushing Zebra further ahead of competition. Together with our increasing number of technology partners, our product development activities are delivering a rich range of products and solutions. This enhanced portfolio is meeting more of our customers value chain visibility needs. The adoption of Internet of Things solutions and other emerging technology trends are further enhancing Zebras opportunity for new revenue streams. Let me now discuss some areas of notable progress. First, innovation and product development remained high throughout 2012. During the year, we introduced 14 new printer products including the three in the fourth quarter. These products include our latest generation of print engine which enables us to expand into new markets. Designed for reliable operations in the mission critical applications the ZE500 is particularly well suited for use in the food and beverage industries and other environments where dust and moisture can create printing challenges. Second, during the quarter, we extended our offering in the emerging area of mobile point-of-sale or POS to build on our leadership in mobility. Mobile POS unfetters the checkout and payment systems from fixed [turnouts] and cash registers, showcased at the National Retail Federation Show in January Zebras Mobile POS offering provides retail customers a compelling integrated solution regardless of the retailers size or complexity. Mobile POS is one of several areas in which retailers are making technology investments to enhance the in-store shopping experience and compete more affectively against online retailing. For Zebra, the mobile trend opens exciting opportunities; while we have a limited presents in fixed POS, mobiles in area where we have a strong right to play with our robust family of Mobility Solutions. In addition to Mobile POS, Zebra and its partners offer a wide range of retail solutions such as price management, consumer loyalty or by the inventory exquisite, lack of store receiving an inventory and self service kiosks. Third, our regional performances also highlights the success of our strategies. In North America, we had a consistent run rate business throughout the quarter. We shipped a broad range of printers to meet needs of customers in small package delivery, retail and healthcare. Supplies were strong in the quarter with high demand for labels, wristbands and ribbons. This strength reflects our sharper focus on growing our annuity revenue streams and expanding into new markets such as hospitality and entertainment. During the quarter, the success of our take share activities, strategic account focus and superior product line was evident. The large global athletic shoe and sportswear companies chose to standardize on Zebra across its organization with applications including the implementation of their mobile POS solution.  In EMEA, a strong finish to the quarter led to a $7.7 million sequential sales increase. A pick up in business in Italy complemented continued favorable trends in Turkey, Russia and the Middle East, all areas where we invested to expand Zebras presence. In addition, our EMEA supplies business performed well.  We experienced notable printer shipments into postal, car rental and retail applications, some of which included competitor product displacements. Going into 2013, we remain cautious on the near-term outlook for the EMEA region even though our results for the fourth quarter were quite encouraging.  In Asia Pacific, the ongoing softness in manufacturing contributed to the regions modest sales decline. However, even in this environment, we had notable wins in several areas including mobile printers to customers in Malaysia and desktop printers to financial institutions in China.  We also experienced an improving business trend in Vietnam, the Philippines and Thailand where lower wages are attracting a new round of investment in manufacturing capacity. We were pleased with the sales performance of our line of printers specifically designed for emerging market needs.  In Latin America, we achieved record sales on the strength of business in Mexico and parts of South America. Initial shipments of desktop printers for Brazilian Ministry of Health award, the largest ever for the region also contributed to the quarterly record.  Our investments in more robust sales coverage also led to orders for a national ID project in Ecuador, mobile printers to several retail customers for shelf labeling and other applications and shipments of tabletop printers to leading auto manufacturers supporting a [plant] expansion.  Overall, fourth quarter results cap the year over material progress. This progress positions Zebra for accelerating growth and higher returns. The value of our business diversity combined with our culture of innovation, sound investments and outstanding execution continues to be a cornerstone to our long-term success.  Now, I will ask our CFO Mike Smiley to provide a detailed review of fourth quarter results and guidance for the first quarter of 2013. After Mikes remarks, I will return for some brief closing comments.
Mike Smiley: Thank you, Anders. Let me highlight some of the key components of Zebras results for the fourth quarter. My comments will principally focus on year-over-year changes in the performance of Zebras operations.  First, continued strong sales in North America and record sales in Latin America offset declines in Europe and Asia Pacific and currency headwinds.  Second, gross margin was within our expected range and comparable with a year ago, and third, operating expenses were up largely at higher amortization, acquisition costs and a charge for exit and restructuring.  Let's review sales, for the quarter sales increased 2.4% from $247.3 million last year to $253.1 million this year. The impact of foreign exchange net of hedges reduced sales by $1.9 million or $0.03 per share.  On a constant currency basis, sales were up 3% year-over-year. Sales for North America up 7% increased $7 million. The regions performance is characterized by ongoing strength in our run rate business. Supply sales had a record quarter in the region boosted by wristband sales as well as [day] improvement in other product lines.  In EMEA, sales declined 6%. Year-over-year, we experienced strong growth in Turkey, Russia and the Middle East as well as Italy. This improvement partially offset declines in Spain and other regions.  On a constant currency basis, EMEA sales declined 4%. Sequentially, EMEA sales were up 10% on improvements in nearly all sub-regions.  In Asia Pacific, sales were down $800,000 or 2.5% from a year ago, primarily related to the ongoing softness in manufacturing in China and South Korea. Latin American sales were up 22% to a new record, benefited from improved representation in South America and Mexico. Improved coverage drove sales in Ecuador, Venezuela and Chile among other countries. Looking at our product categories, a 3% decline in hardware sales is partially offset by a 25% in supply sales. On a year-over-year basis, average unit printer prices declined from $506 to $477, principally because of the mix.  Gross margin for the fourth quarter of 49.2% was up slightly from the 49.1% a year ago. Lower freight charges and overhead cost offset unfavorable movements in mix and foreign exchange. Operating expenses increased only $945,000 from a year ago, including $2.6 million in higher amortization and acquisition cost and exit and restructuring charges. The core operating expenses, selling and marketing, R&D and G&A declined $1.6 million in year-over-year. Exit and restructuring cost of $960,000 relate to actions taken to streamline our location solutions organization to improve efficiency and sales execution. Quarterly operating income of $44 million plus depreciation and amortization of $7.3 million totaled $51 million of cash earnings or $1 of cash EPS.  This effective income tax rate for the fourth quarter was 21% which brought the full year tax rate to 25.8%. Earnings from continuing operations totaled $0.68 per share including a reduction of $0.03 per share for the acquisition and exit and restructuring costs on 51.3 million average shares outstanding.  At the end of fourth quarter, we had 50.9 million shares outstanding. In the fourth quarter, we returned $15 million to shareholders with the purchase of 400,000 shares of Zebra stock. The weighted average price of the purchases was $36.69 per share.  For the full year, we returned $54 million to shareholders with the buyback of 1.5 million shares of Zebra stock. The day sales outstanding increased slightly from 49 days to 50 days. Inventories increased a slight $400,000 from third quarter. Free cash flow for the fourth quarter totaled $43 million. We ended the quarter with $394 million in cash and investments. Now lets look at the first quarter forecast. We are forecasting 2013 first quarter sales of $240 million to $262 million. The forecast reflects business seasonality in addition to the ongoing outlook for Europe. Earnings are expected at $0.55 to $0.65 per share. Our forecast assumes a consolidated gross margin in the range of 48.5% to 49.5%.  Operating expenses are forecasted between $80.5 million and $82.5 million. This range incorporates expected increases in employee related expenses which have a greater impact on the first half of the year. We estimate the effective income tax rate to be 21.5% which reflects the continuing benefit of last years restructuring of our foreign operations and expecting greater portion of Zebras income being generated in jurisdictions with lower effective tax rates. That concludes my formal remarks, thank you for your attention. Now, here is Anders for some concluding comments.
Anders Gustafsson: Thank you, Mike. Zebras fourth quarter results demonstrate the value of strong execution, financial strength and innovation. While economic challenges have restricted near-term performance in some regions. Our well paced investments to extend the industry distributorship and generate higher returns, give us increased confidence in our business and Zebras future. We continue to pursue our growth goals while at the same time; we are exercising effective control over operating expenses to maintain profitability in light of current global business conditions. We will take advantage of our financial resources to invest inorganic initiatives that will deliver the highest risk adjusted returns, in addition to making opportunistic stock buybacks and acquisitions for the long-term benefit of our shareholders with multiple competitive advantages including the industrys broadest product line in thermal printing and strongest global go-to-market channels.  We are well positioned to capture opportunities in our core business. Our customers continue their drive for creating operating efficiency and asset visibility. The growing middle class in China, Brazil and other developing countries are supporting attractive long-term growth. At the same time, we are encouraged by the emerging opportunities for new revenue streams. Investments in R&D with a greater focus on software combined with acquisitions and partnerships are resulting in incremental areas of growth which will develop in 2013. These areas build on our core strength and mobility RFID and demonstrate Zebras relevance to important technology trends and attractive vertical markets. Mobile, POS which I highlighted earlier represents one of those key opportunities. Active RFID is another growth area. Zebras Ultra Wideband RFID is attracting new attention with its unique capabilities for high precision location tracking. We are engaging with ISDs and system integrators to embed this technology in new inverted solutions.  Cloud based connectivity is the third area of opportunity. This emerging technology trend is well supported by Zebras Link-OS, an ecosystem enabled by Zebras printer architecture that we began building into new products last year. Link-OS makes Zebra printers significantly easier to integrate, manage and use in the company's operations with greater capabilities for customization with the development of specialized apps.  We look forward to providing you further details of our progress as 2013 unfolds. Clearly we are excited about Zebras future and opportunities for growth. Our investments in technologies, products and innovation are allowing Zebra to penetrate existing markets more deeply, and we are expanding our presence in new exciting areas of growth while positioning ourselves to benefit from important new trends. The tangible results of these developments is that Zebra will be able to serve more of our customers needs while building increasing value for our shareholders. This concludes our prepared remarks and I think thank you for your attention this morning. I would now like to turn the call back to Doug for Q&A.
Doug Fox: Thank you, Anders. Before we open the call to your questions let me ask that you limit yourself to one question and one follow-up. In addition Mike and I will be available after the call for any further discussions. Let's begin the Q&A.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) And our first question is from Michael Kim with Imperial Capital.
Michael Kim - Imperial Capital:  Could you first maybe talk a little about the growth for location solutions, how does that compare to corporate average and if the margin profile was it accretive or there's still a significant amount of near term investment in that business.
Anders Gustafsson:  So the trend line for our locations solution business I think is quite attractive. We have a number of new areas where we see the technology we used but first of course our core markets are still doing very well in automotive and industrial manufacturing. But we are seeing the technology getting embedded now in other third party solutions with all sorts of experimentation and new traditional ways of really using the technology. So we are seeing it in sports, in attracting cows in agriculture, in retail. So its getting much broader use than it had before. But its still is a small part of our business and we have pulled back on some of the investments, but we do believe that it has attractive opportunities for us this year.
Michael Kim - Imperial Capital: And then just following specifically on the retail opportunity, are you seeing an increase in deployments of item level tagging or additional retailer sort of following the lead of some of the larger players?
Anders Gustafsson:  Yes, the passive RFID is primarily seeing growth in retail. With other industries following, but retail is kind of the big story for passive RFID. And if you went to NRF this year, you would have seen a lot of different solutions including RFID. I would say maybe the shift from a year ago there would be that, passive RFID was originally incorporated in to retail solutions, more to drive operational efficiencies but now more and more retailers are starting to use RFID in other technologies to really enhance the customer shopping experience as they have to compete against online retailers.
Operator: Our next question is from Tony Kure with KeyBanc Capital Markets. 
Tony Kure - KeyBanc Capital Markets: I just wanted to talk about the new product introductions. You mentioned the 14 new printer products in 2012. Can you just maybe put that in the context and how thats related to prior years?
Mike Smiley:  Yes, so 14 new printer products this year was a record. I think we did 12 new printer products in 2011 and before them, I would say, roughly half of that. But I think our run rate prior to 2011, that was five, six, seven products per year. So we were really making our changes to our development processes and more platforming. We've been able to really amp up our cadence of new product introductions without the increase in the actual R&D investments.
Tony Kure - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay, and are those targeted, when you think about coming out of new products, are they targeted at geographies? Like you mentioned the one specific for Asia in your prepared remarks? So are they usually targeted geographies or do you think about in terms of industry application? 
Anders Gustafsson:  They are mostly targeted for virtual markets, but we have introduced in the last three years a number of products that were specifically aimed at emerging markets, because we felt that there is a different needs and requirements that our other portfolio didnt really served as well and those products that are being aimed at the emerging markets that has performed very well, but other products we mentioned was ZE500 our print engine. Thats not really an emerging market products, thats much more for beverage and food industries to do labeling of assembly type of packages. 
Tony Kure - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay just want to sneak one more just the Yen has been weakening pretty substantially here. Just wondering if you are seeing any or do you expect to see any increased competition from may be some Japanese competitors exporting out of Japan? 
Mike Smiley:  Not really Japan has actually been a good market for us this year its been up quite a bit, but its still a modest sized market for us. But I think our Japanese competitors they have a lot of operations outside of Japan already, and I wouldnt expect that the Yen will have a meaningful impact on their positions. 
Operator: Our next question is from Stephen Stone with Sidoti & Company. 
Stephen Stone - Sidoti & Company: Question on (inaudible) how much of the gross down there is due to the two large products you guys announced in the third quarter conference call and also how longer are we going to see this impact in the revenue? 
Anders Gustafsson:  Well the growth in Latin America is very broad based it really goes across the pretty much the entire geography, and there is lots of different types of projects. So the transportation logistics is certainly one of the main factors in Latin America, but we also had great wins in retail and in manufacturing. So its really a much broader story with a strong run rate business and Mike Terzich can also give some further details.
Mike Terzich: Okay, Steven to Anders point, I think the diversity of our business in Latin America is really strong right now. So we tend to break it up into three sub regions; we have Mexico, we have Brazil and then we have affectionately all the other geographies. And when you look at and youve change a part of the business we have strengthen all of those. Mexico is predominantly feeding a lot of manufacturing opportunities for us and the north and south of South America is pretty diverse mix of retail, its also quite a bit opportunity in the identification side of our business. With the rising middle class phenomena going on, there is a lot more push towards improvement in retail, loyalty cards, driver licenses, border cards etcetera. So it goes well beyond the large health opportunity that Anders highlighted that came out of Brazil.
Stephen Stone - Sidoti & Company: Okay, and then just one other question on the average selling price here. You guys have spoken in the past that the high end desktop printers have a lot of cyclicality in their sales there. They have been depressed kind in the past. With the record desktop printers that you sold here, are people trading down or is this just the average selling price getting moved on more because of the mobile printers?
Anders Gustafsson: First answer we said in previous calls, the price within product familys tend to remain very steady. So when we see unit price will come down, it tends to be driven by the mix shift or FX or weaker euro, and I think that was true this quarter also that within each product family, the product pricing was very consistent, but we had obviously a very strong performance in our desktop portfolio and Mike Smiley might have some further detail.
Mike Smiley:  And actually interestingly enough even though desktop printers sell for a lower price, we actually have very attractive margins for the desktop printers. So even though we have that mix its not always intuitive exactly how that affects our margins.
Operator: Our next question is from Paul Coster with JPMorgan.
Paul Coster - JPMorgan:  So supplies revenues have grown quite significantly last couple of quarters, obviously significantly outpacing the hardware sales; what does this mean, does it mean the utilization rates going up, is it a lead indicator for pending upgrade or refresh cycle on the hardware side?
Anders Gustafsson: First, I would say its really is a result of a well defined strategy on our part to really grow our supplies business. We see that we have had much lower tax rates outside of the US and we focus hard on growing the tax rate in the US, but also outside of the US. And we have been able to see great return on those investments; you know, we had our traditional Zebra supplies business grow double digits in Q4 and that was augmented by the LaserBand acquisition that we did in Q3 which further accentuated that growth. So we've been very pleased with our strategy of focusing on driving a greater annuity attach rates in supplies and focusing on the high end of that market with better margin structures.
Mike Terzich: Paul let me add a little color to that as well. You know from our perspective our strategy has been really two fold, right; what we see is even in times of perhaps softer hardware demand I think in our prepared comments we said that our hardware sales were down a bit, you know manufacturers still need to label, as Anders pointed out we focus on specialties label, which is the higher value label, we stay away from the commodity paper business and Zebra by nature has been, has a master position in the marketplace, we are actually one of the larger global label converting companies around and we have that first line of opportunity with a lot of our end user customers who are specifically looking for specialty label. So our strategy is to increase our focus and then also increase our global presence by having more on the ground locations from which we can serve that customer base and that's really what you are seeing from a traction standpoint.
Paul Coster - JPMorgan: And my follow-up question is that as we start to see mobile point-of-sales introduced, its yielding an opportunity for new companies to enter that space, not necessarily in the printer space, but in the payment capture for instance. And it seems like the channels getting kind of turned up a bit and people are looking at new ways of getting to that end market especially some big businesses. Can you just describe what it is that Zebra might be doing differently to capitalize on the Mobile POS opportunity?
Anders Gustafsson: Yeah, first we are very excited about the overall opportunity that we see in Mobile point-of-sales, there's very attractive growth trends I think and I think you were at NRF and you saw probably lots of different solutions and I just wanted to kind of the big takeaways from the show this year. Mobile POS is a small part of our business today, but as I said it provides a great growth opportunity and based on our internal research, we expect the Mobile POS hardware site to have a growth CAGR of about 20% and the growth CAGR for Mobile POS transaction is probably more in the 60% range. So we clearly believe this is an attractive area for us to invest in and we're getting a lot of interest from our customer base in retail about what it is we can do and we also mentioned one large new customer, athletic shoe and sportswear company that invested in our technology to grow Mobile POS solutions. And we're having three different areas of our solutions. One is our traditional mobile printer thats required to print out the receipt, but then we made a small acquisition of StepOne earlier in December, which really is focused on the interaction between the in-store sales person and the shopper to be able to provide much more detailed information about the basket. So it can be looking at having good understanding about the inventory position in that store or across the entire chain for something they are looking at. It can be comparable, share price comparison activities, it can be suggestive of sale opportunities. So it really provides a much broader software application that is more solutions oriented. And then we have a relationship with Hybrid Paytech for the payment transaction processing which we also think is going to be a very attractive market for us to position us in and all of this together really creates a much broader, much more of a complete solution, which I think is one of the areas in which we're differentiating ourselves now.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our next question is from Keith Housum with Northcoast Research. 
Keith Housum - Northcoast Research: Anders, can you remind me how much LaserBand provided for the quarter? 
Anders Gustafsson:  We dont break out LaserBand as a individual product line; we havent done that since we acquired them. But to go back to what we said in July when we announced this, I think, we said the revenues in 2011, so basically two years back was $24 million for it, and LaserBand has since developed as per our expectation and is delivering what we expect. 
Mike Smiley: And think the other thing, that I think the other part, we said no, is that the organic business has grown very strongly even without LaserBand. 
Keith Housum - Northcoast Research: And then Anders I think in your prepared remarks you mentioned two acquisitions and obviously LaserBand being one of them and forgive me if I have just forgotten the second one, but can you describe what the second one was? 
Anders Gustafsson: So the second one was this company StepOne that I mentioned in Mobile POS. This is a company that it really focuses on the software solution and the application around the basket in retail, so enabling the interaction between the in-store sales person and the customer. 
Keith Housum - Northcoast Research: Okay. And do you have that on display at the NRF? 
Anders Gustafsson: Yes we did; that was part of our booth. 
Operator: Our next question is from Andrew Spinola with Wells Fargo. 
Andrew Spinola - Wells Fargo: Thanks. I have a general question on your operating leverage and the model; some of your expense lines were sort of moving in opposite directions, your R&D down on an absolute basis and G&A up 100 bps year-over-year as a percent of revenue; I am just, over the mid-term so I am thinking about your model and the opportunity there; are there any potential areas of leverage or expense savings that we might be able to model?
Mike Smiley: There is a couple of things first of all, from quarter-to-quarter we have, I know you are doing by year-over-year look but from quarter-to-quarter we have a little bit of lumpiness more especially in the engineering side as we have sort of project expenses that come up as we have ramp up certain projects. So we have more projects concluding we'll more expense and so sometimes that goes up and goes down. I would say in our G&A, we have a couple of things for us. One is we have made some meaningful investments in our ERP system which comes through as additional depreciation there, and as you ask about the ability to find operating leverage, I think one of the reasons we made that investment as the business grows we can scale up without having to scale up our spend in the G&A side.  So I do expect that our G&A will be a little bit, the growth rate that will be probably half the growth rate of rest of the G&A. And the other thing I'll also say is when we spend on for our ERP and other IT related expenses that basically is retained in our G&A line. We don't allocate that, some companies do one way, some do it the other, we keep that all in G&A so we can keep an eye on that. So as we invest the sort of increased efficiencies maybe in sales and marketing or engineering that cost will stay in G&A and hopefully the benefit we see in engineering in selling and marketing.
Andrew Spinola - Wells Fargo: Got it, and then just follow-up on the tax rate, I don't know what restructuring you talked about that was here in Q1 but do you think you can feel lower tax rate for the year or is 35% still roughly the target?
Mike Smiley: The target that we announced for the quarter is the target you should expect for the full year pretty much and what happened was at the end of the third quarter last year, we did a restructuring of our legal entities overseas, it allows us to more efficiently capture working capital as such and be able to move it to where its needed. So we can use it overseas where we need to and I think that ends up benefiting our tax rate. Along with that, the profitability in the lower tax rate jurisdictions is increasing relative to North America. So when you look at it, we are looking at a 21.5% to 22% tax rate for the full year.
Operator: Our next question is from Tavis McCourt with Raymond James.
Tavis McCourt - Raymond James: First question is in relation to the Honeywell purchase, you know, Intermec, I was wondering if you could give us some thoughts on how you think that may impact the market Honeywells intention in terms of what they may do or not do without business and then secondly, just a quick one for Mike on the cash how much of that is domestic? Thanks.
Anders Gustafsson: So I'll take the first part here, well, I don't think that the Intermec-Honeywell combination is going to have a material impact on the industry. We have competed against Intermec for many, many years now and we know them well. We have plenty of other competitors that are strong. So from that perspective, I don't think that the competitiveness of the Intermec portfolio will change materially as it becomes part of Honeywell.  And I believe, this is an expectation of mine at least that Honeywell really bought Intermec for the handheld mobility solutions and let's expect they will put most of their effort into integrating those product lines and making those as competitive as possible. So we feel as good as we have ever been, about our overall competitive position and how we can compete in the market irrespective of individual competitors.
Mike Smiley: And then on your question about cash a little less than half of our cash is overseas, I will tell you though we have some interesting opportunities in people deployed at overseas for building some of the business and investing in some opportunities there.
Operator: Our next question is from Brian Drab with William Blair.
Brian Drab - William Blair: I know that FX can have a significant affect on you top line and also bottom line, can you talk a little bit about what the impact would be if the euro does stay around the 1.34 range compared with the $1.30 average in the fourth quarter, what that could do sequentially to specifically earnings really in the first quarter relative to fourth in terms of maybe how many cents of EPS?
Mike Smiley: Well, its so when you compare as we mentioned in the earnings call, our growth rate was 2.4% roughly before FX and was 3% again on revenue when you use a constant currency, and when you are looking at our forecast for the first quarter generally we are basically reflecting sort of a current spot rate in that.  However, if you look at sort of the impact of the change in the FX rate, you can see that we are about $0.04 in the euro on the fourth quarter that translated to about roughly about $8 million of revenue and $6 million of operating income impact. So you can just redo the math of $8 million to $0.04 sort of the math you can do to (inaudible) out where the rate changes. I will tell you there is also some offsetting things on hedges that we have which would mute some of that impact, so its not quite dollar for dollar.
Brian Drab - William Blair: Okay and the spot rate that you are incorporating into the guidance is? 
Mike Smiley: It's roughly sort of the current market conditions. 
Brian Drab - William Blair: Okay and then the $0.55 to $0.60 outlook it includes or does not include any acquisition and restructuring charges?
Mike Smiley: It does not.
Brian Drab - William Blair: And are you anticipating any, sorry if I missed this, are you anticipating any acquisition related or restructuring charges in the first quarter?
Mike Smiley: We will probably have some but we're still working through those plans in the first quarter.
Operator: Our next question is from Michael Kim with Imperial Capital.
Michael Kim - Imperial Capital: Just a quick follow-up. Can you comment on the contribution or overall contribution from emerging markets either for the quarter or for the year and you know, calling on any tailwinds or headwinds? It looks like Latin America; obviously strong with may be (inaudible) in Asia Pacific?
Anders Gustafsson: I'll start just giving you a sense of the performers across geographies in emerging markets. We had still nice growth overall in emerging markets but not as good as it had been in 2010 and 2011. We saw a definitely a slowdown in some of the larger markets that are particularly dependent on exports, manufacturing exports like Korea and China. And that also drove some, I think, softness in some of the markets that are particularly strong exporters to those markets like Brazil, Australia, but we did also see some continued nice growth in markets like Turkey, Brazil, Middle East very nice growth in those areas; Mexico was another one. I think Turkey was well over 20% growth; Russia was double-digit growth, Middle East also. So overall I think we felt very good about the investments we made in putting more sales resources into emerging markets really drive those markets and we expect, we believe we are well positioned to continue to expand our share and our position into those markets.
Michael Kim - Imperial Capital: And would you anticipate continue to expand Brazils resources at pace that you saw in 2012?
Anders Gustafsson:  No, the biggest increases we did in resources in the emerging markets were in 2010 and 2011 and some into 2012. I think we would consider this year to be more normal year from our perspective.
Mike Terzich:  Yeah Mike this is Mike Terzich. We are doing a little fine tuning of our expansion plans. So what we have settle now is some areas within those geographies where we can do a little incremental investment the kind of fill in some gaps in some other areas that are kind of looming into not too distant future as areas of some upside for us.
Operator: Our next question is from Jason Rogers with Great Lakes Review. 
Jason Rogers - Great Lakes Review:  Looking at new products, do you have a target in mind for the number of new products planned for 2013 and the areas that you are focused on there?
Anders Gustafsson:  We have a target I guess, we have a roadmap, you can expect that to be similar to what we did in 2012, but we are also shifting some of our investments to more softer oriented products. So we talk a little bit about the Link-OS as the new you can say operating system for our printer products that will make them easier to connect into applications. Weve also made substantial investments into our card portfolio, which we feel not it is very competitive, we believe its very competitive to the rest of the market and that portfolio is now we think quite complete. So we should see good returns on that now, we can pull back of that investments on the card side and move it over to smarter products.
Jason Rogers - Great Lakes Review: And then would you be able to lift your largest three customers as a percent of sales for 2012 and then your CapEx estimate for 2013, thanks?
Mike Smiley: Yeah, this is Mike Smiley. So for 2012 our largest customer was just over 20% of revenue, our second customer was about 11, and our third customer was just over 10. Those are all basically distributors. So they represent a lot of end customers they are pulling through for their, and the other question was CapEx. CapEx would probably be down a little bit from last year as I expect it to be. We did $26 million this year, we are probably closer to 20 or 22 something like that for the next year for this 2013.
Operator: Our next question is from Keith Housum with Northcoast Research.
Keith Housum - Northcoast Research: Michael, I look at the guidance going at 2013 at the lower end of the guidance, it tells me that perhaps you are looking for a decrease in the business of 3% to 4% and might take out what I assume will be LaserBand. I guess can you talk a little bit about what you see on the horizon that gives you guys just a more consecutive guidance.
Mike Smiley: Well, we will try all to speak up. First of all I just want to let you know seasonally the first quarter is always a little bit challenged. As you know in Asia we have, there exists the Chinese New Year. Then the other that happens in our business which is you get your budgets finalized and sort of half way through the quarter you sort of have your number, your game plan and we sort of see that in sort of the run rate business where people don't really start picking up until midway through February. So those are just natural things and then I think we would talk about the fact that Europe is also we see that economy being challenging. I think in the past couple of quarters we saw Asia-Pac being also affected because of Europe. I think we are seeing that maybe in a little bit better just normalized of course again we still have Chinese New Year in Asia-Pac. I don't know
Anders Gustafsson: I think overall I would say we are very happy with our strategy and how we are executing today. So we feel we are doing quite well in the market and continuing to extend our leadership position in the market. Geographic and virtual diversification we have has served us very well in these uncertain times. But I think its fair to say also the environment continues to be somewhat difficult to forecast, more so than it was a few years back. So that's probably weighs into our forecast a bit also. But we are very confident in our ability to outperform the market and grow faster than the overall market trends, and for Q1 our guidance certainly includes some seasonality. You know you see that in particularly Latin America and Asia, but also figures in North America and Europe. But as we look into the rest of the year though I've got to say our pipeline looks quite good. We expect the year to strengthen as we go forward. We see good opportunity in manufacturing and retail and in transportation of logistics.
Keith Housum - Northcoast Research: And if I could follow up to that, as you look at yourself exiting in the quarter, in terms of the environment and large deals and deferring our invoices going ahead [ex Q1]. Has there been any change I guess in the last quarter versus the previous two quarters. We were seeing that some of the large deals were being deferred especially some of the largest distributors seeing that.
Mike Terzich:  I think the large deal pattern as we exited the year remained pretty consistent to what we had articulated in the prior quarters, which was effectively deal sizes were more moderate, volume was more moderated, and what we were seeing particularly in some of our core markets in manufacturing was more tempered approach to those deals. So our largest end user accounts with certain level of uncertainty and some of the export manufacturing market were basically saying we are going to deploy, we are going to deploy in smaller lots and we are going to see how the year unfolds.  I don't think the story was any different in Q4. I think in this quarter somewhat consistent, although I will say based on our recent showing at the NRF, the retail outlook coming out of the holiday season globally was actually pretty strong. The level of optimism in retail was perhaps a little higher than those people expected and the feedback we got from the show was I think we will see an increase in those deal opportunities centered on retail both across the supply chain of retail as well as enhancing that customer experience. So we expect that those deal sizes will increase as the year progresses.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our next question is from Greg Halter with Great Lakes Review.
Greg Halter - Great Lakes Review: I wonder if you can provide, and maybe I have missed this, the yield on your cash investments in the quarter and annualize basis or wherever you may calculated?
Mike Smiley: You know, as you can imagine, our priorities for our investments are security and stability. So they are typically high rated corporate governments communities those guys thinks. So you can guess that the yield is pretty low. I dont have it available. I dont have it offhand right now, but it's fairly small.
Greg Halter - Great Lakes Review: Okay. And I applaud the buyback and what you have been doing in that regard. But despite the buyback, your cash is still up $25 million sequentially in the quarter, your stocks is at the highest levels since I think early in 2006. I just wondered did that give you any pause on the buyback and whether or not given the lower rate youve considered accelerating the buyback or paying a dividend or raising it annually, some kind of program like that as well.
Anders Gustafsson: You know, our philosophy is the same as it has been before. I am really looking to deploy our capital in to those opportunities that offer the highest risk adjusted returns, and we're exploring all of those options, highest on the list, I would say is funding growth, organic and inorganic. So we think that we have good opportunities to continue to drive the business and make sure we can generate good attractive long-term growth rates and nice margin expansion for that. We still believe that buybacks is the best vehicle to return capital to shareholders. It's the most flexible for us, we can step it up and when we feel there is opportunity and be opportunistic like we have said we would be all along or take a little cautious approach if the share price goes higher. We dont want to chase it up. Our assessment is that most of our shareholders have been quite satisfied with that approach and thats the path we are staying on. 
Mike Smiley: Just to get back to the exact number its 0.7% is the annualized rate of return for the year. 
Operator: Thank you ladies and gentlemen there are no further questions in queue so I will turn the call back over to Mr. Fox for closing remarks. 
Doug Fox:  Thank you everybody for joining us today. Just as a reminder Mike Smiley and I will be available after the call for any further discussions. Have a good day. 
Operator: Thank you ladies and gentlemen. This concludes todays webcast.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-11-06 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Douglas A. Fox  Vice President, Treasurer Anders Gustafsson  Chief Executive Officer Michael C. Smiley  Chief Financial Officer Michael H. Terzich  Senior Vice President, Global Sales and Marketing
Analysts:  Paul Coster  JPMorgan Securities LLC Keith M. Housum  Northcoast Research Partners LLC Greg W. Halter  Great Lakes Review Anthony C. Kure  KeyBanc Capital Markets Brian Drab  William Blair & Co. LLC
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Zebra Technologies 2012 Third Quarter Earnings Release Conference Call. Joining us from Zebra Technologies are Anders Gustafsson, CEO; Mike Smiley, CFO; Mike Terzich, Senior Vice President, Global Sales and Marketing; and Doug Fox, Vice President, Investor Relations. All lines will be in a listen-only mode until after todays presentation. Instructions will be given at that time in order to ask a question. At the request of Zebra Technologies, this conference call is being recorded. Should anyone have any objections, please disconnect at this time. At this time, I would like to introduce Mr. Doug Fox of Zebra Technologies. Sir, you may begin.
Douglas A. Fox: Thank you. Good morning. Thank you for joining us today. Certain statements made on this call will relate to future events or circumstances and therefore will be forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as expect, believe and anticipate are a few examples of words identifying a forward-looking statements. Forward-looking information is subject to various risks and uncertainties, which could significantly affect expected results. Risk factors were noted in the news release issued this morning and also described in Zebras 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011, which is on file with the SEC. Now, let me turn the call over to Anders Gustafsson for some brief opening remarks.
Anders Gustafsson: Thank you, Doug, and good morning everyone. Disciplined execution in a challenged business environment led to solid third quarter performance for Zebra. Earnings from continuing operations were up 9% reaching a record $0.69 per share excluding a non-cash charges, sales which declined a slight half a percentage points to $252 million or up 1% on a constant currency basis. Steady strength in North America where we achieved record sales including increased demand for high performance and other tabletop printers offset softness in Europe. An improved mix with a boost in tabletop printer sales contributed through a sequential increase in average unit prices. Even with economic headwinds, customers maintain their investments in solutions that help them drive operational efficiencies and generate incremental sales. Zebra products are vital in helping our customers realize the improved business performance by allowing them to make smarter decisions by gaining greater visibility into their extended value chains. Either by our take share and expansion strategies, more companies are turning to Zebra for the hard ROI benefits those solutions deliver. We also achieved a solid performance by generating operating leverage in the business. Gross margin exceeded 50%. Operating expenses declined from the prior quarter, including the incremental expenses related to the acquisition of LaserBand in July. Earnings also benefited from a lower effective tax rate on operations. Our cash generating capabilities continued the pace. For the quarter we generated $58 million in free cash flow and returned $15 million to shareholders with the repurchase of another 400,000 shares. So far this year we have returned $40 million to shareholders with the purchase of $1 million shares as Zebra continues to demonstrate great capacity for increasing shareholder value. Zebras third quarter performance highlights the value of our diversity across geographies, products and industries. It also demonstrates the success of our business strategies to create greater differentiation between Zebra and its competitors. Our enduring strength coupled with extending our industry leadership makes us optimistic about Zebras future. As discussed on previous calls, Zebra together with our partners is looking to create the smarter, more connected business community. We are pursuing this vision through five strategic pillars; one, intensify innovation, two, expand into new markets, three, maximize operational effectiveness, four, penetrate existing markets further and lastly, inspire our people and culture. Let me now discuss some areas of notable progress. First, the pace of innovation remains high at Zebra. As a reminder, we introduced a ZT200 Series of tabletop printers during the second quarter. Positive customer reception to this new platform has made the ZT200 one of the best product launches for Zebra in the recent company history. This new platform delivers great value and performance all backed by Zebras reputation for product reliability and durability. Importantly, the ZT200 along with future printers will incorporate link OS, a new and innovative ecosystem that makes our printers smarter, simplifies integration and ensures high performance. Link OS will expertise our time to market with innovative products that support emerging technology opportunities such as the Internet of Things. It should also reduce costs both in terms of product development for Zebra and lower integration and operating costs for end users. Advancements such as these are increasing Zebras value to its channel partners and customers alike. Second, we are expanding into new markets with existing solutions. Over the past several years weve had great success with our HC100 wristband printer, which delivers improved patient safety and compliance in healthcare. During the third quarter we also introduced a model geared towards hospitality and leisure. Increasingly, hotel and events staff are turning to wristbands for enhanced operational efficiency. Improved guest identification enables better management over counterfeit prevention and theft control in leisure and entertainment venues. Other benefits include the ability to implement faster cashless transactions, centralized cash collection and more efficient access control, all of which lead to a better customer experience. Third, our strategies are also important in driving regional performance. In North America, the success of our paid share of initiatives, strategic account focus and diversification efforts supported record sales in the region on an organic basis. A strong and consistent run rate business throughout the quarter complemented a further recovery in sales to manufacturing customers. In improving and revitalized manufacturing supply chain boosted sales of high performance tabletop printers and shipments of active RFID tags for real time location solutions. Sales also benefited from shipments to our expanding retail base, which continues to invest in technology to improve the shopping experience, and manage operating costs. Meaningful shipments to customers in small package delivery, food distribution and public safety also highlighted the quarter. LaserBand whose performance met our expectations further increased sales through customers in healthcare. In addition, our supplies business maintained a favorable sales trend. The strength in North America offset the ongoing headwinds in Europe. In EMEA, our investments in Zebra sales resources led to growth in Turkey and Russia. In the UK, key wins with retail customers contributed to growth in this sub region. Stable but continued softness in Southern Europe and Germany during the quarter, it gives us a cautious outlook for the region in the fourth quarter and into 2013. In Asia Pacific sales increased on a sequential basis for the third consecutive quarter aided by the diversity of our solutions and industry leadership, we had notable shipments to customers and manufacturing as well as retail, which will benefit from a long-term trend of a growing middle class in the region. In Latin America, higher levels of business activity throughout the region including Mexico and Brazil led to a record sales. Key wins during the quarter include shipments of card printers for drivers license applications in two countries and wireless mobile printers for direct store delivery. At the end of the quarter, we were very pleased to receive the largest commitment ever for printers in the region from the Brazilian Ministry of Health. This competitive win, which will begin shipping in the fourth quarter, will enable onsite printing of personalized information for healthcare insurance cards. It also opens additional opportunities with other Brazilian government agencies. Shortly, after the end of the quarter, we closed a significant deal for the mobile point of sales solution with a major retailer. This will highlights the increasing success of our program to expand our go-to-market channels with stronger relationships with independent software vendors. Overall our third quarter results demonstrate the value of the diverse business in a volatile time. With a well defined strategy, Zebra continues to extend its leadership through innovation and excellent execution. We have and we remain disciplined in our investment approach, as we out invest the competition to drive profitable growth. We have the resources and the ability to balance near-term conditions with long-term opportunities. Zebra is well positioned in an industry with attractive growth drivers. Our innovative products and solutions incorporate a broad range of technologies that make Zebra even more strategic to our customers needs. Our expanding go-to-market channels already the strongest in the industry are opening avenues of growth in new and exciting areas. All of this makes us confident in our ability to deliver increasing returns to our shareholders over the long-term. I would now like to turn the call over to our CFO, Mike Smiley to provide a detailed review of third quarter results and guidance for the fourth quarter of 2012. After Mikes remarks, I will return for some brief closing comments.
Michael C. Smiley: Thank you, Anders. Let me highlight some of the key components of Zebras results for the third quarter. My comments will principally focus on year-over-year changes and the performance of Zebras operations. First, continued strong sales growth in North America and Latin America offset weakness primarily in Europe and currency headwinds. Second, gross margin was well above guidance and up from a year ago principally because of lower freight charges, overhead cost and reserve expenses. Third, operating expenses were up 18% from a year ago, including 12 percentage points from the non-cash charge with recurring expenses down from the second quarter. And fourth, the results include a $9.1 million non-cash asset impairment charge, which is related to the location solutions product line. The charge is not deductible for tax purposes. Lets review sales. For the quarter sales declined 1.5% from $253.3 million last year to $252 million this year. The impact of foreign exchange, net of hedges reduced sales by $3.8 million or $0.04 per share. On a constant currency basis sales were up 1% year-over-year. Sales for North America were up 7%, increased $5 million on a sequential basis. Broad-based sales to customers in several industries complemented ongoing strength in our run rate business. In EMEA sales declined 11%. Sales growth in the UK, Russia and Turkey partially offset weakness in other sub regions. On a constant currency basis, EMEA sales declined 5%. In Asia-Pacific sales were down 5% from a year. Improving trends in Japan and Greater China supported third sequential improvement in sales and offset softness in Korea and India. Latin American sales, up 9% to a new record, including healthy sales in all sub-regions. Looking at our product categories a 5% decline in hardware sales is partially offset by an 18% increase in supply sales in part due to LaserBand acquisition, which is tracking nicely to plan. On a year-over-year basis average unit price has declined from $524 to $492. Sequentially AUPs increased from $471 with growing demand for high performance printers driven in part by the introduction of the ZT200 printer family that Anders mentioned. Even with a year-over-year decline in average unit prices, which was principally because of mix we maintained a healthy gross profit margin. Strong gross margin for the third quarter of 50.4% was up from 48% a year ago and 48.7% for the second quarter. Lower freight charges and overhead costs and reserve expenses more than unfavorable mix, movements in mix and foreign exchange year-over-year. On normalized basis we continue to expect gross margin in the range of 48.5% to 50%. Again our strong margins reflect the meaningful value in ROI we provide our customers. Operating expenses excluding the non-cash charge increased 6% from year ago and declined 1% from the second quarter as expected. Year-over-year the largest expense increases occurred in the amortization of intangibles primarily from the LaserBand acquisition as well as and increased personnel-related costs and professional services. During the quarter we incurred a $9.1 million non-cash asset impairment charge for the remaining goodwill associated with the 2007 WhereNet acquisition, which is now part of location solution, the location solutions product line, while we remain positive about the long-term opportunities and strategic importance of these solutions to current trends in the business in part related to the current market conditions required us to take this action. Quarterly operating income $39 million plus the $9.1 million non-cash charge delivered a 19% margin adding depreciation and amortization of $6.9 million to the operating income totaled $55 million of cash earnings or a $6 per share of cash EPS. The effective income tax rate for the third quarter was 31% and reflects a six percentage point impact of the non-cash charge, which is not detectable for tax purposes. Looking forward we expect the effective income rate will be approximately 25%. Earnings from continuing operations totaled $0.51 per share or a record $0.59 per share excluding the asset impairment charge on $51.8 million average shares outstanding. At the end of the third quarter we had $51.3 million shares outstanding. In the third quarter we returned $15 million to shareholders with a purchase of 400,000 shares of Zebra stock. The weighted average price of the purchases was $37.63 per share, and total we deployed $75 million including the LaserBand acquisition to enhance shareholder value. The days sales outstanding remained 30 to 48 days and inventories increased from the second quarter by $6 million. Free cash flow for the third quarter totaled $58 million including receipt of the final escrow payment on the sale of Navis from last year. We ended the quarter with $269 million in cash and investments. Now lets look at our fourth quarter forecast. We are forecasting 2012, fourth quarter sales of $245 million to $255 million. The forecast continues to reflect a more cautious outlook in this volatile global economic environment. Earnings are expected at $0.62 to $0.70 per share. Our forecast assumes a consolidated gross margin in the range of 49% to 50%, which to select certain assumptions on mix and freight. GAAP operating expenses are forecasted between $78 million and $80 million. We estimate the effective income tax rate to be 25%. That concludes my formal remarks. Thank you for your attention, now here is Anders for some concluding comments.
Anders Gustafsson: Thank you, Mike. Zebras third quarter results demonstrate the success of our strategies to drive performance. Our investments in product innovation, channel development and geographic expansion are making Zebra more strategic to more customers in new ways. They positioned the company for improving levels of growth and profitability as business conditions improve. But economic headwinds have restricted near-term performance in some regions, our diversity and sustainable competitive advantages have enabled us to extend our industry leadership. We are pursuing our growth goals, while diligently managing the business and maintaining effective control over operating expenses. We also continue to deploy our resources in those areas that deliver the highest risk-adjusted returns, including continued opportunistic stock buybacks and strategic acquisitions. All of these factors give us great confidence and optimism in Zebras future. While we look with some caution to the fourth quarter of 2012 and into 2013, we will continue to invest in programs and strategies that will serve Zebra and its shareholders over the long-term. In new product development, we will maintain a high cadence of product introductions with an increasing focus on innovation around connectivity and mobility. We are on track in 2012, to exceed the 13 products released last year. And we are excited about the product roadmap as we look ahead for 2013. We will incorporate our Link OS ecosystem in to our next generation of desktop, tabletop and mobile printers to deliver even greater value to our customers. New features and functionality will expand the range of potential applications we serve as well. We will continue to build on our use of platforms to gain greater efficiency in the product development process. The major technology trends of mobility, cloud computing and Internet of Things are opening new opportunities for Zebra. The increasing use of RFID and sensors is helping companies gain greater visibility into the identification, location and condition of assets, transactions and people. The implementation of these technologies and solutions are driving more effective and timely business decisions. Building our supplies and services businesses remains a priority as well. Just recently we opened our new service repair facility in Brazil, by demonstrating our commitment and improving service levels in this important country; we are attracting more business opportunities. We expect to add to our progress in 2013, by expanding our presence in other under served regions. Finally, we will continue to expand our go-to-market channels our investments in developing stronger relationships with system integrators, ISVs and strategic accounts has helped us to diversify our customer base. They contributed to the third quarters strong performance in North America and Latin America. In Asia-Pacific and EMEA, the recent investments we made to increase the number of Zebra sales people position us well to accelerate sales growth as business conditions improve. We look forward to more progress as we move into 2013. These investments are important high return activities that helps Zebra penetrate existing markets more deeply as well as expand our presence in new exciting areas of growth. This concludes our prepared remarks. And I thank you for your attention this morning. I would now like to turn the call over to Doug for Q&A.
Douglas A. Fox:  Thank you, Anders. Before we open the call to your questions let me ask that you limit yourself to one question and one follow-up. In addition Mike and I will be available after the call for any further discussions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Okay. And our first question is from Steven Stone. Steven, go ahead please.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, thanks for taking my call. I guess my first question, this gross margin expansion you saw there I guess you are seeing it I guess sequentially contract a little bit on what was the real reason for the increase here and why is it I guess is that sustainable or why do you think its going to kind of pull back a bit?
Michael C. Smiley: Yeah, this is Mike. I think there is a  Mike Smiley, there is one more Mike here. There is a couple of things that are affecting us we had a number one we had an attractive product mix in part Anders mentioned the ZT200, which is our mid-range tabletop printers which was stronger than we had anticipated. We expect that to moderate a little bit next quarter, but we also had some benefits in some adjustments to reserves like excess and obsolete and warranty and such. Our experience has been positive. We don't expect that to continue every quarter and then some overhead stuff. So effectively we probably wanted to make sure people were aware of this, the margin that we got this quarter had some more unusual type things is part of it, we just don't expect that that will continue every quarter.
Unidentified Analyst:  Okay, and then just kind of as far as Asia, usually the Asia-Pac region its a little weaker in December just talking sequentially here, but there has been all these talks of green shoots. So are you hearing anything different from customers or that should we kind of expect the normal seasonality, kind of going forward kind of a weaker December and March sequentially.
Michael C. Smiley: Right, Asia-Pac has been a great market for us over the last several years. And it met our expectations in the quarter, although the results were kind of mixed within the region. Greater China was up slightly and Japan was also strong but India and Korea were quite weak for different reasons. And I think here we see China and Korea being very big exporters to Europe. So I think the headwinds from Europe is certainly have an impact on those countries, but in India, I think it's a more issue of the local rupiya having depreciated quite substantially against the dollar over the last year or so. Our local customers are looking very carefully. The exchange rates as they look to make purchases, but over the longer-term though we are quite bullish on Asia, we think that the region will have higher than average GDP growth for quite a few years to come. And I think as the middle class benefits on this growth, we will see kind of the diversification of our business in Asia as weve seen in North America and Europe before.
Unidentified Analyst:  Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Paul Coster with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Michael C. Smiley: Hi, Paul.
Paul Coster  JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay, thanks for taking my question. Yeah, good morning.
Michael C. Smiley: Good morning, Paul.
Paul Coster  JPMorgan Securities LLC: Good morning. Can you talk to us a little bit about how LaserBand contributed in this quarter, what revenues could be attributed to that and what it does to your overall margins as well as the accretive?
Michael C. Smiley: A couple of things, first of all  yeah this is Mike Smiley again. We are not sort of breaking out LaserBand, but I think a couple of things I will tell you, is that its here planned very nicely, its being integrated, being managed. We are really pleased to have these guys on because not only strategic, but from a CFO standpoint its also the financial results are very attractive, the cash margins on this business are very comparable to the rest of our business and so forth being strategic and the type of businesses we are in, we are very pleased with this business.
Paul Coster  JPMorgan Securities LLC: Well, let me put it in a different way. But you are seeing organic growth in North America without the LaserBand acquisition.
Michael C. Smiley: Yeah, oh definitely we would have. Okay, definitely.
Paul Coster  JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay great, fine.
Michael C. Smiley: North America had a record quarter without the contribution of LaserBand.
Paul Coster  JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay, go it, thanks very much. And then the strength that you saw in North America in particular was that across all of your service lines?
Michael C. Smiley: Yeah, North America has been a very strong region for us for awhile now. Weve had five consecutively strong strengthening quarters. Our run rate in Q3 was quite strong and stable throughout the quarter. But we had less large deals than what we would consider to be normal. I think here we are really seeing the benefit from our focus on product innovation and channel development. North America is our most diverse region. So we participate in many vertical markets and with most of our product segments too. We saw particular strength in manufacturing and also in the expanded retail base. We see retail customers are more keen to adopt new technology now. And healthcare, I would also highlight. This is a strong vertical for us and I think the underlying trend here for why we are doing so well or why the industry is doing well here I think is that our products are really helping companies drive productivity. So if you look at the S&P 500 over the last few years revenue growth for that has been modest, but the productivity of those companies have been great and I think that comes from companies investing in tools like ours to drive greater efficiencies. And as we look ahead I would say we feel quite good about the growth opportunities we have in North America and we feel we have a very robust strategy that will continue to benefit us.
Paul Coster  JPMorgan Securities LLC: Just sign off with one last question and that is, I mean, linearity, sounds from what youre saying that its essentially improving slightly, I mean, most recent months for instance would be an improvement over the prior month?
Anders Gustafsson:  Well, you mean Q3 over Q2 or?
Paul Coster  JPMorgan Securities LLC: No, no. Im trying to get a sense of the most recent data points that you are seeing from your sales. Does the North American linearity point slightly upwards or is it slowing? I mean just gives us if you can give us some color there.
Anders Gustafsson: Its I would say our quarters are somewhat more back-end loaded now than they were probably a year or two ago, but the North America business is projecting to grow as we kind of outlined in the guidance here.
Paul Coster  JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Michael H. Terzich: Paul, this is Mike Terzich. One another point I want to add. One of the points to Q4 for us in North America that we always content with, which weve mentioned in the past calls is we do see a little bit of that softening in the retail businesses as major retailers kind of [hunker] down for the holiday season as theyre less willing to deploy technology during the Christmas buying season so to speak.
Paul Coster  JPMorgan Securities LLC: Got it. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Keith Housum with Northcoast Research. Please go ahead.
Keith M. Housum  Northcoast Research Partners LLC:  Good morning, gentlemen. Thanks for taking my call. A little more detail you maybe providing on the two large orders that you announced that you expect to ship more in fourth quarter and I guess and how that impacted your guidance as you provided for the fourth quarter?
Anders Gustafsson:  So the two orders we announced, I think, was the Ministry of Health in Brazil and that was the retail order in Brazil also to your (inaudible).
Keith M. Housum  Northcoast Research Partners LLC: Yes.
Anders Gustafsson: So those are both in our guidance. They are both multi-quarter orders. So they are not going to be fulfilled all in Q4, but it will provide a nice incremental stronger foundation for the business in Brazil and I think it goes to show how the investments we made in Brazil in both products and channels is starting to pay off for us.
Keith M. Housum  Northcoast Research Partners LLC: Okay, great. And then just one follow-up question for you. Weve been seeing quite a bit lately, for example the J. C. Penney and their RFID announcement going forward by 2014 to be more RFID enabled. As Im going to ask that question to you guys, what youre seeing in the market in terms of our RFID and is that turning into more of a driver [worth] than in the past?
Michael H. Terzich: Keith, this is Mike Terzich. I will take that. Yes, we are definitely seeing a higher level of retail interest in passive RFID technology and most of that is occurring, as you point out with major retailers that are looking to get a better handle on more broadly managing their inventory level at the store. So, certainly JC Penney has a vision and a view that is very broad from an adoption perspective though we can tell you that the interest level is across multiple retailers who are finally seeing where they can deploy across a set of skews items if you will, where theyre going to drive greater inventory, accuracy, and more customer satisfaction. So yes interest levels are increasing.
Anders Gustafsson: I would just add one thing to that particularly in our location solutions business, weve been working hard there to also incorporate passive RFID solutions there. So that gives us a good position in manufacturing to bridge kind of the three technologies of barcode passive and active RFID to provide inventory tracking and other product ID solutions.
Keith M. Housum  Northcoast Research Partners LLC : Okay. And do you see the RFID has been incremental to your existing business going forward, will it be substantial enough, well see it in the guidance as a year or two down the road?
Anders Gustafsson: Weve always had RFID as part of our guidance. So its not a new thing from that perspective and I expect that as we go forward, we will continue to include RFID as parts of our overall guidance. I do not expect that we will break it out this as a separate product line.
Keith M. Housum  Northcoast Research Partners LLC : All right. Okay, thank you guys.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions) Our next question is from Greg Halter with the Great Lakes Review. Please go ahead.
Greg W. Halter  Great Lakes Review: Hello, good morning guys. 
Anders Gustafsson: Hey, good morning Greg.
Greg W. Halter  Great Lakes Review:  Ive been reading a little bit about one of your competitors I think its a Sato making in more I think potential consorted effort into the competitive space. And just wanted to get your view on that?
Anders Gustafsson:  Well, I think we have a competitive market overall, so Sato is clearly a well recognized and a reputable competitor for us, but I think that we look at the overall competitive landscape, we feel pretty good about that competitive positioning. And weve made meaningful investments in innovation to refresh and drive more innovation new things into our product line. And also make sure that we continue to develop our channels, which are equally strong barriers for entry or driver for growth for us. So I feel that we have to compete against all of our competitors on a daily basis. And I feel we are in a pretty good place to continue to do that well and extend our leadership position in the industry.
Greg W. Halter  Great Lakes Review:  All right. Thank you and as a follow-up a good lead in there on the channels. Can you speak to the percentage of your sales that came from your largest and second largest customer in the quarter? Hello, are you mute?
Michael C. Smiley: This is Mike Smiley. We had three customers that were over 10%. The largest was 20.8%, the second was a 11.2% and the third was 10.5%. These are all three distributors.
Greg W. Halter  Great Lakes Review: All right. Thank you.
Michael C. Smiley:  Yeah.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Tony Kure with KeyBanc. Please go ahead.
Anthony C. Kure  KeyBanc Capital Markets:  Hi, good morning guys. Thanks for taking my questions.
Anders Gustafsson:  Good morning, Tony.
Michael H. Terzich: Good morning, Tony.
Anthony C. Kure  KeyBanc Capital Markets:  I just wanted to, I think you said this on the last call, I want to confirm not sure how played out as the quarter progress, as far as the LaserBand acquisition price. I think you said $58 million on the last call that it net out to be that way?
Michael C. Smiley: There is working capital adjustments and stuff like that at the end. So I think it netted out to be $59 million, but its in the ballpark same thing.
Anthony C. Kure  KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay, okay. And then on the gross margin improvement Mike, you mentioned three things a lower freight charges, the voluntary reserve, I just didnt catch the third thing that you had on that that you listed there?
Michael C. Smiley: The other would be excess and obsolete type things. So when we look at the amount of inventory for which we need a reserve for that weve determined we didnt need quite as much based on our history and stuff like that. And then I think you mentioned freight was another big benefit for us.
Anthony C. Kure  KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay, yeah. Okay, and then as you talked about the normalized gross margins which is pretty helpful the $48.5 million to $50 million. Given youre at about $50.4 million this quarter. Is it fair to say that those positive impacts of gross margin were about a 100 basis points of gross margins?
Michael C. Smiley: Roughly.
Anthony C. Kure  KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay, great. And great, thank you so much.
Anders Gustafsson: Yeah.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Brian Drab with William Blair. Please go ahead.
Brian Drab  William Blair & Co. LLC: Good morning. 
Anders Gustafsson: Good morning, Brian.
Michael C. Smiley: Good morning, Brian.
Brian Drab  William Blair & Co. LLC: Just want to make sure that I have the revenue total revenue growth and acquisitions and organic straight. So FX was a negative 1.5 point headwind and then I think is it safe to assume LaserBand contributed maybe two points to growth and organic for that company overall was down about 1%?
Michael C. Smiley: You know, Brian that I think we want to communicate that the LaserBand is performing nicely. Its not a huge piece of our business. We are not really breaking that out. So as a result, Im not going to tell you exactly how much that is, but it was a nice piece of  its an attractive business, but its not material to your overall numbers.
Brian Drab  William Blair & Co. LLC: And it wasnt the full quarter?
Michael C. Smiley: Yeah, in Anders point, only 11 weeks we had it, so.
Brian Drab  William Blair & Co. LLC: Right, I understand, but is there any reason that I should think that their revenue run rate is far off the annual sales of $24 million in 2011 and is there any significant seasonality to this business?
Michael C. Smiley: I think in my script, I've mentioned that LaserBand met our expectations. So, yeah we were pleased with the revenues they delivered and the profit.
Brian Drab  William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay and then just one more follow-up on this. Is LaserBand, is it safe to assume that LaserBand revenue is recorded in the supplies line. I can't remember if you told us that before?
Michael C. Smiley: Yes, its in supply. Thats right Brian.
Brian Drab  William Blair & Co. LLC: Entirely in supplies?
Michael C. Smiley: Yes.
Brian Drab  William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay, okay thanks guys. I will talk to you later.
Michael C. Smiley: Yeah.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Greg Halter with Great Lakes Review. Please go ahead.
Greg W. Halter  Great Lakes Review: Yes, thank you for allowing me back on again here. Given the LaserBand acquisition thats been completed obviously and seems to be doing meeting your expectations so far. Just wondered if you could comment on what you're seeing out there relative to additional acquisition opportunities certainly in light of the very solid cash position?
Anders Gustafsson: Yeah, all right. Our acquisition strategy hasn't really changed from prior quarters. We look at allocating our capital to the highest risk-adjusted return activities that said the first thing that we use for this and then of course, we look very carefully to make sure that any company we look at acquiring also fits our strategy. We want to make sure things that we consider to acquire really do fit to the strategy, enables us to accelerate the implementation of our strategy or make the overall more strong and there are certainly assets out there that we continue to look at, but I will say that we want to be disciplined buyers and we have a strong cash position, but we see that as a good thing, not something that we need to find a home in a hurry. So we got to be disciplined as we have been before.
Greg W. Halter  Great Lakes Review: All right. We certainly appreciate the disciplined nature. Just wonder if I could ask what the yield was on your investments in the third quarter?
Anders Gustafsson:  Yields on our investment, its very low.
Michael C. Smiley: We are primarily invested in, and its Mike Smiley, investing governments and corporates and stuff. So its de minimus.
Greg W. Halter  Great Lakes Review: And the reason I ask is with that minimal rate, and I presume most of that is in the U.S., just wondering whether or not the company would look at a special cash dividend or be even more aggressive on its share repurchase program?
Michael C. Smiley: Going back to Anders question on the acquisitions, our approach towards deploying capital has not changed. They will argue we deployed $75 million in the last quarter between share buybacks and acquisitions. We feel that were probably seeing more attractive assets than we did probably a year, a year and a half ago. So I wouldnt be surprised to see us do some attractive more acquisitions and we have been buying back stock. Well do more. I dont think we have plans to all of a sudden ramp up deployment of capital from a share buyback at this point unless there is a big change in evaluation from where we are.
Greg W. Halter  Great Lakes Review: All right, it sounds good. Again to point out that sequentially your cash was only down $18 million despite the buyback and the LaserBand. So you guys are doing well on the free cash flow side?
Michael C. Smiley: Yes, and wanted to be real strengths of the business.
Greg W. Halter  Great Lakes Review: Thank you.
Michael C. Smiley: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you and that was our last question in queue. I will now turn the call back to Doug Fox for closing remarks.
Douglas A. Fox: Just to thank everybody for joining us today and to let you know that our next regularly scheduled conference call for the fourth quarter will be on Tuesday February 12, 2013. Everybody have a good day. Thank you for joining us today.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your time and attention. That concludes this conference.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-07-31 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Anders Gustafsson - CEO Mike Smiley - CFO Mike Terzich - SVP, Global Sales and Marketing Doug Fox - VP, IR
Analysts: Michael Holt - Morningstar Equity John Barta - Northcoast Research Tim Mulrooney - William Blair Jason Rodgers - Great Lakes Review Vincent Tang - Lockwell Investments Tony Kure - KeyBanc Travis McCourt - Raymond James Greg Halter - Great Lakes Review Rich Glass - Lockwell Investments Marty Moser - Northwestern Mutual
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Zebra Technologies 2012 second quarter earnings release conference call. Joining us today from Zebra Technologies are Anders Gustafsson, CEO; Mike Smiley, CFO; Mike Terzich, Senior Vice President, Global Sales and Marketing; and Doug Fox, Vice President, Investor Relations. (Operator Instructions) And now, I would like to introduce Mr. Doug Fox of Zebra Technologies.
Doug Fox: Good morning, thank you for joining us today. Certain statements made on this call will relate to future events or circumstances and they therefore will be forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as expect, believe and anticipate are a few examples of words identifying a forward-looking statement. Forward-looking information is subject to various risks and uncertainties, which could significantly affect expected results. Risk factors were noted in the news release issued this morning and are also described in Zebra's 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011, which is on filed with the SEC. Now, let me turn the call over to Anders Gustafsson for some brief opening remarks.
Anders Gustafsson: Thank you, Doug, and good morning everyone. For the second quarter Zebra reported sales of $247 million and earnings from continuing operations of $0.58 per share. Second quarter revenues reflect the constraints of the business environment in Europe, where parts of Western Europe were more challenged than had been expected. At the same time, the execution of our strategies to take share, penetrate key industries more deeply and build stronger ties from strategic accounts resulted in our delivering year-over-year and sequential sales growth, including strong growth in several emerging regions, 10% sales growth in North America and a new record for printer shipments. The operational resilience of our business helped sustain a high gross margin of nearly 49%. We also maintained operating expenses in line with guidance with some anticipated expenditures for M&A, and other meaningful investments that position Zebra for long-term success and improving investment returns. We generated a strong $45.2 million in free cash flow reflecting continued effective management of working capital. During the quarter we returned $14.9 million to shareholders through the buyback of 409,000 shares. Shortly after the end of the quarter, we announced the acquisition of LaserBand, which substantially enhances Zebra's position in healthcare, an attractive area for growth with industry-leading patient identification solutions. Even with the current economic challenges all companies faced, we continue to have great confidence in Zebra's future. As our accomplishments in the second quarter demonstrate, we continue to build greater value for our customers and shareholders. Over the past year, we have sharpened our focus on key industries with significant opportunity, such as retail, healthcare and manufacturing. Our performance in North America and emerging regions demonstrates the effectiveness of these strategies. Zebra together with our partners is working to create a smarter, more connected business community. We are pursuing this vision through five strategic pillars. First, intensify innovation. Second, expand into new markets. Third, maximize operational effectiveness. Fourth, penetrate existing markets further. And lastly, inspire our people and culture. During the second quarter, we made progress in many of these areas. Let me highlight a few of our recent successes. First, innovation remains the corner stone in all aspects of our business at Zebra. Our enabling technologies and range of services are helping customers address real business needs and improve visibility within their supply chains. Our commitment to innovation is perhaps most visible in product development. During the second quarter, we were very excited to introduce the ZT200 series of tabletop printers. This new platform highlights how we are delivering greater value to our customers, while also leveraging our enhanced R&D process to significantly increase the cadence of new product introductions. The ZT200 is the second Zebra printer family using a common platform, from which we now offer five printer models to meet the range of customer performance and value needs, engineered for easy maintenance, setup and operation. The new design is optimized for using constraint spaces, another important customer benefit. This new platform also incorporates Zebra's latest electronic architecture, which enables customers to more easily integrate, manage and maintain the printers. Our new operating system (Link OS) is the significant advancement that enables Zebra to more efficiently design and develop new products. With minimal modification, we will incorporate this system in future printer products to drive greater efficiencies in engineering and improved performance across our product line. Customers have responded enthusiastically to the ZT200 and orders have well exceeded initial build plans. This series of printers is part of a total eight printer products introduced in the first half of this year and we remain on track to introduce at least 12 new printer products in 2012. Second, our expansion into high growth markets took a major lead forward with the LaserBand acquisition. LaserBand provides Zebra an outstanding position in healthcare with a broad range of industry-leading high-margin laser and thermal wristbanding products. It makes Zebra more relevant to hospitals, regardless of their preference for wristband printing technology. LaserBand adds to their already positive momentum we have build with our Zebra HC100 wristband printer and other enabling solutions. Going forward, we are building a dedicated global healthcare team to accelerate sales in this attractive industry, as hospitals around the world implement policies and procedures to improve patient safety with more effective identification of patients, personal and assets. Third, in our drive for operational effectiveness, we recently implemented a new subsidiary structure, by consolidating ownership of Zebra's significant foreign affiliates under a new single holding company. We gained greater flexibility in managing these operations, while enhancing profitability. Mike will provide additional detail in his remarks. The successful execution of our strategies is evident in our regional performance as well. In North America, broad-based strength across the region led to near record sales. With a growing power of the Zebra brand, we captured even great shares through distribution partners. Further, our progress in generating more business, we targeted strategic accounts, which again last year maintained favorable momentum. We saw sales of personal identification solutions using Zebra card printers, increased improvements in our card reseller program and the addition of card-focused sales resources. Similarly, in international regions, investments have expanded Zebra's presence in emerging economies, continue to generate good returns. During the quarter, we maintained favorable sales growth in the Middle East, Russia and Turkey. In Asia-Pacific, a more diversified pipeline led to a number of large deals during the quarter. And in Latin America, our investments to expand and upgrade sales coverage led to record sales in Mexico and strong growth in Central and South America. Zebra's second quarter results demonstrate the strength of the well-defined business strategy that continues to distance Zebra from its competitors. We have proven our ability to manage through downturns by remaining nimble in our investment approach. As we enter the second half of the year, we are mindful of the need to balance near-term realities with investments in long-term opportunities. We remain confident in Zebra's ability to extend leadership, improve growth and deliver attractive capital returns. The fundamental driver of our business is firmly intact, but companies seek greater visibility into their extended supply chains for improved business performance. Zebra is well positioned to capture these plenty opportunities with innovative product and solutions that deliver great value to an increasing number of customers in attractive targeted industries. I would now like to turn the call over to our CFO, Mike Smiley, to provide a detail review of second quarter results and guidance for the third quarter of 2012. After Mike's remark, I will return for some brief closing comments.
Mike Smiley: Thank you, Anders. Let me highlight some of the key components of Zebra's results for the second quarter. My comments will principally focus on year-over-year changes and the performance of Zebra's operations. First, weakness in EMEA and the impact of the strong U.S. dollar against the euro was offset by strong sales growth in North America. Second, gross margin, which was within guidance, declined from the very high level a year-ago, principally because of mix and foreign exchange. Third, operating expenses include certain expenditures that we expect to moderate in the second half for the year. And fourth, the income tax rate reflects the implementation of a new European holding company structure for major non-U.S. affiliate operations. Let's review sales. For the quarter, sales increased 0.6% from $245.5 million last year to $247.1 million this year. The impact of foreign exchange, net of hedges reduced sales by $4.8 million or $0.05 per share. Sales for North America up 10% advanced $5 million on a sequential basis. During the quarter, we saw continued strength in our run rate business and we had broad-based sales into retail, manufacturing and transportation logistics customers. The impact of our growth strategies is evident as we achieved this growth, despite of a significant decline in sales to our largest retail customer. In EMEA with sales down 9%, sales growth in France, Spain, Turkey, Russia and the Middle East, partially offset the weakness in other sub-regions. On a euro basis, sales declined 1.5%. Notable sales included shipments of mobile printers to customers in rail, retail and utilities. Asia-Pacific was down 6% in year-over-year sales and up 8% sequentially. Strengthened Japan, Greater China and India support the sequential improvement. This activity offset a continued slowdown in Korea and other areas that were affected by reduced exports to Europe. In Latin America about 5% shipments of wireless mobile printers to beverage distributors, supporting mobile workforce throughout accounting applications were notable throughout the region. This strength more than offset moderating sales in Brazil, which was affected by a weak Brazilian real and the raise in March deals moving through the proposal process. Turning to products, record printer volume of 19% from a year ago, included record sales of mobile and desktop printers and continued growth in card printer sales. The relative strength of these product groups was the primary reason for the decline in average unit prices from $558 a year ago to $471 a printer this quarter. Within supply, sales of Zebra's wristbands, serving primarily the healthcare market were particularly strong in several geographic regions. Location Solutions also had a favorable quarter with notably strong shipments to automotive manufactures to improve tracking of vehicles, parts and tools. During the quarter, High Precision Ultra-Wideband systems were also deployed to track fire fighting personnel in China. The quarter included significant order from large aerospace manufacture for better tool management. Overall, the number of engagements for discussions with potential costumers, around how Location Solutions can improve asset visibility, was up significantly. Gross margin for the second quarter of 48.7% compares with 49.6% a year ago. Product mix and foreign exchange was primarily the factors behind the decline. Operating expenses increased 8% from a year ago, as expected and including certain expenditures such as $1.3 million in M&A cost, quarterly operating income of $39 million delivered 16% margin. Adding $6 million in depreciation and amortization to the operating income totaled $45 million of cash earnings or $0.87 per share of cash EPS. The effective income tax rate for the second quarter are 23.6%, reflects the completion of our new legal entity structure that Anders mention, and a reduction in the statutory rate for the U.K. This new structure enabled us to manage our non-U.S. cash resources more efficiently as well as meaningfully lower the company's effective income tax rate. For the second quarter, the new structure lowered income taxes by $2 million and added $0.04 per shares to earnings. For the second half of this year, we expect consolidated income tax rate between 24% and 25%. Earnings per share were $0.58 per share or $0.60 per share excluding M&A cost on 52 million average shares outstanding. At the end of the second quarter we had 51.9 million shares outstanding. In the second quarter we repurchased 409,000 shares of Zebra stock. The weighted average price of the purchases was $36 and $0.33 per share. The days sales outstanding declined from 49 days for the first quarter of 2012 to 48 days. Inventories declined $9 million in the first quarter and $17 million at the end of 2011. The reduction in inventories contributed to quarterly free cash flow of $45 million. For the first half of 2012, Zebra generated $87 million in free cash flow. Now, let's look at our third quarter forecast. We are forecasting 2012 third quarter sales of $245 million to $265 million. The forecast reflects somewhat cautious outlook related primarily to the European economic environment, some summer seasonality and less favorable foreign change. Earnings are expected at $0.60 to $0.69 per share. Our forecast assumes a consolidated gross margin in the range of 48.5% to 49.5%. Operating expenses are forecast between $78 million and $80 million. As mentioned previously, the tax rate is estimated to be 24%, and we're assuming a U.S. dollar, euro exchange rate of $1.23. The rate compares with an average rate of $1.41 for last year's third quarter and $1.28 for this 2012 second quarter. That concludes my formal remarks. Thank you for your attention. Now here is Anders for some concluding comments.
Anders Gustafsson: Thank you, Mike. Within the uncertainty of the boarder economic landscape, Zebra continues to expand its industry leadership. Our multiple competitive advantages, including our range of innovative products and services, global scale and financial strength are driving more business with more customers worldwide. The strategies we have implemented are resulting in deeper, more strategic engagements with companies seeking to improve their operations. And the increasing diversity of our business, across products, geographies and customers, enables Zebra to effectively manage the business in good times and bad. As we look to the second half of 2012, we will continue to execute on those strategies to deliver profitable revenue growth. We have proven our ability to mange the business effectively through challenging times. This period is no different. We will remain agile and responsive in the current business climate as we continue to invest prudently for future success. Zebra is well positioned to drive growth and improved profitability. The success of our investments enhances our confidence in Zebra's future and in our capacity for shareholder value creation. The ongoing expansion of Zebra's geographic footprint and sales organization continues of pay off. In emerging regions, improved sales coverage has generated high growth in underserved areas. Since the end of 2009, we have increased number of sales and marketing personnel outside of North America by approximately 45% off a low base, with the best majority in emerging markets. This greater presence offers considerable opportunities for increasing business overtime. In North America and Western Europe, our sales growth with strategic accounts and share gain through distribution also demonstrate the growing success of our strategies to penetrate existing markets more deeply with our core thermal printing, Passive RFID and real-time location solutions. We're also optimistic about our future business in healthcare. LaserBand offer Zebra an outstanding platform for profitable growth in attractive market segment, as hospitals push to improve patient safety with implementation of more effective patient ID systems. The LaserBand acquisition also enhances the Zebra's position in supplies, which we have identified and articulated as an area of an intended growth. Finally, driving innovation is creating value for our customers and increasing investment returns for Zebra. We have increased a cadence of new product development as well as the efficiency of the product development process. New development models and processes are enabling Zebra to introduce products with unique features that truly differentiate us from the competition. Our new tabletop printers and our increasingly successful line of card printers are two examples of how superior products are enabling us to capture even more business opportunity. This concludes our prepare remarks. And I thank you for your attention this morning. I would now like to turn the call back to Doug for Q&A.
Douglas Fox: Thank you, Anders. Before we open the call to your questions, let me ask that you limit yourself to one question and one follow-up. In addition, Mike and I will be available after the call for any further discussions. In addition, our next call is currently scheduled for November 1.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question is from Michael Holt with Morningstar Equity.
Michael Holt - Morningstar Equity: I wanted a follow-up on your comments about the product mix shift with the DSPs fell pretty dramatically, down 16%. But of course as you mentioned, the unit shipment is up 19%. Seems pretty clear there is a product mix shift going on here. But I was wondering if you could elaborate are there any other dynamics at work? Are we seeing weakness in tabletop printers? Do you still feel like you have pricing power in the emerging markets relative to some of the other competitors or any color you can provide?
Anders Gustafsson: First with respect to the AUP decline that you saw that is almost exclusively driven by mix shift and foreign exchange. So substantial impact by foreign exchange, but also mix, we had the record quarters for both desktop and mobile printers this quarter, but they have lower price points than our other products and drove a big part of that mix shift.
Michael Holt - Morningstar Equity: And for my follow-up, I guess if we continue down the path of this mix shift and we've seen the current direction. How should we think about the impact to gross margin over the long term?
Anders Gustafsson: All our products have gross margins that are fairly similar, more similar than most of our investors believe. And as you look at this quarter, where we had a substantial growth in our desktop and mobile printers, we still maintained very strong gross margins in the year, 540% range. And that was also in the face of the fairly substantial reduction in the euro exchange rate.
Mike Smiley: Actually, if you look at the gross margin adjusted for FX, we reported 48.7% for the second quarter, we restated for FX to be 49.4% compared with 49.6% a year ago. So in reality FX really is a major contributor to our margin.
Anders Gustafsson: And we've worked very hard to make sure we continue to cost reduce our products and take advantage of the sale we have to protect the gross margin. That's something that's factors in for the company. And we see that this is very, very important to make sure we maintain that.
Operator: Our next question is from Keith Housum with Northcoast Research.
John Barta - Northcoast Research: This is actually John Barta on line for Keith. And I guess a little bit of follow-up with the pricing. Is that more the older products coming offline and maybe a little steeper discount in international regions than just the newer products selling?
Anders Gustafsson: You mean why our desktop and mobile printers selling price.
John Barta - Northcoast Research: Yes, with the average selling price coming down?
Anders Gustafsson: If you look at the average selling price within each product family, it was very stable. So there is really a mix issue from that perspective and we just had more larger deals in the mobile and desktop space this quarter. And the tabletop space was not quite as robust as they have been historically.
Mike Smiley: I think as Anders mentioned earlier that the introduction of the ZT200 has been very attractive in the market. So I think we're not expecting sort of a long-term negative reflection on our high-end products. We think that continued very attractive market for us.
John Barta - Northcoast Research: And then, I guess just one follow-up, do you disclose the percent of sales with your largest distributor?
Mike Smiley: Yes, we do.
Operator: Next is Tim Mulrooney from William Blair.
Tim Mulrooney - William Blair: Just looking at sales by region a little bit. North America came in stronger than we expected, Europe was pretty much as expected, but the Asia-Pacific region was a little weaker than expected. We know you guys are investing pretty heavily over there in sales and marketing. Was there a specific region that was weaker there? Can you tell us a little bit more about that region?
Andres Gustafsson: First I would say for emerging markets as a whole, we've talked quite a lot about that. We had great growth in emerging markets since we started investing in those and we continue to see very nice opportunities for additional growth. And this quarter we highlighted some of the EMEA emerging market regions like Russia, Turkey and Middle East, which grew about 15% as a group. Turkey has been a great market for us over last several years and grown very nicely. We actually had an event in Turkey, two weeks back, when both Mike Terzich and myself were there and we hosted 50 of our closest reseller partners there. And they were certainly very enthusiastic about what was going on in Turkey from an economy perspective, but also from what we are doing to help them. And they certainly seem to have great confidence around their future. If you look at the more specifically saying in Asia, China had great growth in 2010 and 2011. It was a good sequential growth this quarter, but the year-over-year growth was more modest. Here, I would say we're really seeing how our strategy is expected to work. We started by entering their country with manufacturing and I think we still have lots of good manufacturing opportunities pursue. Although, the manufacturing sectors little softer today based on a reduction of exports, primarily through Europe but also to the U.S. But we're seeing now the benefits of the growing middle class in China. And now, we're expanding into more retail opportunities, healthcare opportunities and more government opportunities, too. So we are expanding our base of business in these countries quite substantially. We feel good about the growth opportunities and we will continue to drive those strategies, but a substantial part of investments we've made. Most of those markets have already made. Now, I see that we have great opportunities for earnings leverage in these markets as they start growing faster. But just to get back to the question that was asked before, our largest customer at the end of June was 20.8% compared to 18.9% for the year ago quarter, and our second largest customer is 10.6% compared to 10.5% for the year ago quarter. Keep in mind, both of these are distributors. So as a result there really is no indication of certain end demand, it's just really sort of what channel our products are selling through.
Unidentified Analyst: And if I could have just one follow-up question, I think you mentioned that gross margin would have been 49.4%. Was that excluding foreign currency? In other words if gross margin contracted 90 basis point year-over-year with 70 of those basis points related to FX and only 20 basis point related to mix?
Mike Smiley: Yes. So actually I restated Q2 using the same FX rate that would have been affected, that was in place last year. Like our gross margin were gone from 48.7% to 49.4%. Now, keep in mind that adjusting our revenue and also the impact of our hedges. So the full FX impact really sort of puts us right back in the ballpark of where we were a year ago. And when you really think about the business, you realize that although Europe was tough, a lot of that was just exchange rates, so fundamentally the business was now off at March in Europe and given the economy, I think we feel good about that.
Operator: Next is Jason Rodgers with Great Lakes Review.
Jason Rodgers - Great Lakes Review: Looking at G&A, up 18% from the year ago, could you discuss the reason for that? And what do you expect from that going forward?
Anders Gustafsson: Yes. It was up for a couple of reasons. The first thing is we did expand a meaningful amount in helping putting this new legal-entity structure. Again, in past the circumstances changed that required us to sort of reexamine that structure, and we had to work with some tax professionals to help us put that in place. One of the things, I think you recall, we implemented our new ERP system. And we spent out little bit more in this quarter. I'd like you use the term stabilizing or enhancing the system to make sure it's meeting our needs. I'll let you know, this quarter it worked extremely well. We had more throughput at the end of the quarter than I think we've ever had in the company. So it's working well. We've spend money to make sure that went well. We also had, I think we pointed out M&A expenses that went through. And then lastly, we all had a little bit more depreciation on the software maintenance cost associated with the new ERP system. So with that that went up. Now, the point is as going forward, we don't expect to have as much spending on our stabilization of the ERP systems. So that should neutralize. We're not projecting the same amount of M&A spends next quarter. So all those things are sort of leading towards a more neutralized spend in the third quarter.
Jason Rodgers - Great Lakes Review: And then looking at CapEx, if you could share your thoughts on 2012, as well as next year? And then finally the tax rate, early guesses for next year.
Anders Gustafsson: I think what we have actually for our CapEx is, I think we're pretty consistent quarter-to-quarter. And we're spending roughly around, I think about $5 million a quarter. I expect that to go down a little bit next year, because I don't see a cap rising quite as much for IT, going forward. Now, as far as the tax rate, I think we talked about what we expect the tax rate to be for the rest of this year. I really don't want to get on next year, because by the way that requires me to sort of guesstimate, where profits are going to be by country and stuff like that is very sensitive to that. But my sense is for your model, I would just try to use what we are projecting for the second half of the year, use that for next year also.
Operator: Next is Vincent Tang from Lockwell Investments.
Vincent Tang - Lockwell Investments: Mike, can you share your thoughts on future buybacks, any potential dividend program. Just look to get your thoughts there.
Mike Smiley: I think one of the things as we continue to buyback stock. I think we see great value in the company. We look at everything from risk adjusted basis. I will let you know that we spent a fair amount of capital beginning of the third quarter buying LaserBand, roughly $58 million. I don't see us stopping doing buybacks, but we will evaluate all of our alternatives and compare doing acquisitions with M&A and our buybacks and also investing in the company. So at this point, I would say we'll continue to do buybacks likely.
Vincent Tang - Lockwell Investments: And how do dividends fit into that equation?
Mike Smiley: At this point, we're not paying a dividend. We talked about that a lot, because we think returning capital to our shareholders is important. We feel like we've returned a lot of capital through share buybacks and we expect, we'll continue to. But at this point we haven't decided to implement a dividend for the company.
Vincent Tang - Lockwell Investments: My follow-up question is what are you seeing in terms of the M&A, how does that pipeline look?
Anders Gustafsson: Our M&A strategy have been changed from what it was previously. We first started by looking at making sure we use our resources in those activities that has the potential of generating the highest risk adjusted returns. And specifically with M&A, the first step that any deal has to go through this probably strategic outlook and make sure it fits our strategy. It enhances our ability to executing our strategy and accelerates the execution of our strategy. But I would say at this stage that we are interested in continuing to do modest sized deals. It looks like asset prices might be more attractive as we go forward, based on the economic outlook. And we have the financial resources to be able to, based on what's opportunistic and pickup good acquisition as they come along for reasonable prices.
Operator: Next is Tony Kure with KeyBanc.
Tony Kure - KeyBanc: Just wanted to ask about LaserBand, a little bit, obviously the healthcare pushes the strategy there. Just if you can provide a little color on the operating margin profile with LaserBand. I know you talked about it being immediately accretive. I'm sure you didn't take on that to do that so. Could you talk about what kind of accretion we're talking about, at least may be give some colors as far as the margin profile relative to Zebra overall?
Mike Smiley: We did state that it's going to be immediately accretive, but I would let you know, that was not the only hurdle we used for buying that company. We also mentioned that sales for the LaserBand was running on $24 million a year. The gross margin and an operating margin is similar to Zebra. I would say, it's quite better than our regular label business but not as good as the overall business, before what we invested in. We probably we had a very attractive return on capital for that investment.
Tony Kure - KeyBanc: So if this is closed then, is there some a couple of pennies of accretion, in factored into your third quarter and then obviously, it will be in the fourth quarter also then?
Mike Smiley: Well, we do plan holding on to LaserBand through the fourth quarter. Obviously, given your margin similar to Zebra and we're running at $24 million annual sales, obviously that would be naturally accretive and naturally we've baked into our forecast.
Tony Kure - KeyBanc: And just one quick follow-up on the strength of North America was pretty strong, and I think the comment was made despite weakness with the largest retail customer. Was that a too, just a second quarter event? And that may be pushes to some volume out to the second half or if you can just provide a little color, is there something else going on as far as that customer?
Anders Gustafsson: I'll answer the overall kind of North America question, first. Now we can how deep we kind of go into the specific question about customers. We saw a very broad based strength in North America, across all verticals, basically. But we had a normal large deal flow in the quarter. We started to see nice momentum from the strategic account sales initiatives we took in place last year. Now those we mentioned that on the last call and we will kind of say this call that the customers that we have identified for our high touch sales organization, when we exclude our largest customer, are growing very nicely. And they're giving us nice insights into their requirements and better understanding their needs. We have some ancillary benefits from their perspective. And I think it's been a good story for us over last year. Now we've had four consecutively stronger quarters in North America with the 10% growth, and it's a long time since we had 10% growth in North America. So feel very good about that. And manufacturing was vertical that did well. Retail is a second tier. Retail have started to invest more in technology to help enhance both the customer experience, but also to improve the operational efficiency in their stores. So the output for North America, I would say, it's still some uncertainty as to what the economy is going to do. But we are optimistic about our position and we feel good that investments we've made in strategic sales and strengthening our vertical marketing activities it's going to drive good growth for us in retail, in government, in healthcare. And Mike, if you want to add any.
Mike Smiley: Tony, just a couple other points, I think Anders has covered most of what's really taking place in North America. In the prepared comments, we noted our very solid run rate business in North America that was principally driven from the manufacturing warehousing distribution segment of our business. Tier two retail, as Anders said was very strong and this is particularly encouraging because our tier one retailer was significantly down on a year-over-year basis. And so the offset was very positive. We had roughly 30% growth in the healthcare space in North America, which was fueled by a lot of the wristband applications and this kind of further cements the attractiveness of the LaserBand acquisition. And so it's been a pretty diverse mix. It is the second best quarter ever. It is the strongest quarter since the fourth quarter of 2006 in North America.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Next is Travis McCourt with Raymond James.
Travis McCourt - Raymond James: Anders wondered if you could talk a little bit about where the LaserBand acquisition brings you in healthcare vertical. Are there distributions synergies or cross-selling potential with that product line? And then a follow-up for Mike on the cash question. How much of your cash is useable in the U.S. and how much is potentially stranded overseas at this point?
Anders Gustafsson: So first on LaserBand. Healthcare has been a strategic vertical market for us for sometime. It's been our fastest growing vertical market for a probably last five years. It's still doesn't have the same provenance as manufacturing a retail but it's been a very attractive market for us. And Q2 had been great growth in our wristband sales, globally, North America specifically, but also globally. So when we looked at LaserBand, we saw our great fit, a company that can really help to strengthen the Zebra platform. We have been exclusively dealing with external printing solutions and LaserBand has both thermal and laser printed wrist bands. So we saw a great opportunity to basically, more offer broader solutions, be more neutral to when we talk to our customers and whatever preference they have, we could supply. And we accessed a bigger platform so we can continue to expand off. So we thought that was very attractive. And they have very strong position in North America. Their position outside of North America is know where near to strong, so we thought we had great opportunities to leverage our strong international distribution capability to take them into Europe first and also to Asia and back to America.
Mike Smiley: And then to your question, at the end of the quarter we have about $388 million of cash investments, and roughly $140 million of that is half overseas. I would argue. We don't use a cash conclusion trap. We really think we have some attractive investments overseas that we plan of utilizing. And that's one of the reasons we invested in restructure and our legal entity structure overseas to build investments. We have talked about supplies and stuff overseas trying to build and so we expected to utilize some of that cash overseas, but specifically we $140 million, right now.
Mike Terzich: I want to add a little bit of color to Anders comment, because I think that the wristbands phase in the healthcare market for us is very exciting. And I want to share with you what we see from a mandate perspective. There is a number of mandates centered in the United States, around the electronic health record. This has requirements for computerized physician order entry, and closed loop medication administration. When you look at the mandate and the result of that, it drives a lot of opportunity for bar-coding and for wristbanding. And in the United States approximately 30% of those hospitals have started to deploy, 70% have not been those. In those 30%, that have deployed, they've really just deployed at the single application layer. So the combination of a thermal portfolio from Zebra and laser portfolio from LaserBand really introduces a wider range of opportunity to us. You go outside the United States and some of the phenomenon we're seeing in the emerging markets, where we've talked a lot about that we have talk a lot about the rise of the middle class. So what's happening in those marketplaces is the demand for improved healthcare. Healthcare safety, healthcare services, is on the increase. What LaserBand bring us in those markets. We can leverage for Zebra International infrastructure, but it gives us an opportunity to introduce wristbanding where they don't have to purchase capital equipment. This effectively works off the already installed laser printers that they have in their hospital organizations. So it's a low cost of entry introduces wristbanding into those hospitals. We think we're going to be able to follow-up with thermal solutions where they are appropriate. So the sum of the two is a really exciting proposition for us.
Mike Smiley: Maybe the last thing to just say on LaserBand also, that we're very excited about the team that we've got from LaserBand. There is a small team, but they are fully dedicated to the healthcare space. So they're kind of experts in that. And we think we can build a nice organization around. And really take advantage of their vertical expertise.
Anders Gustafsson: The other thing, sure I'd say is these are wristbands that are patented, which you really wouldn't expect in sort of this market. But it is something that's a real competitive advantage that we thought was worthwhile.
Travis McCourt - Raymond James: And Mike, in terms of the follow-up on the cash question, does just the new organizational structure changed at all where the incremental free cash flow end ups landing U.S. versus international?
Mike Smiley: No, it really doesn't. Not really that. It really sort of allows us within our international organization to more freely move capital around outside North America and cost effectively invest it overseas.
Operator: Next is Greg Halter from Great Lakes Review.
Greg Halter - Great Lakes Review: Back on the wristband market, I wondered if you could discuss the total size of that market and maybe what share you guys have currently, and what it's growing at.
Anders Gustafsson: It's really hard to talk about the size of the market in that respect. I would be comfortable saying that between LaserBand and Zebra, we have a very, very, very strong position when it comes to the printed wristbands, but there is also other wristbands that are handwritten and are quite not yet part of the electronic health record mandate. So I think we believe it's a very large market and growing at a very healthy pace. But I don't want to talk about what market share we have.
Mike Smiley: I would say, Greg, the other piece of that is, if the Andres point, there is a good portion of that market is unprinted today. And when you look the significant amount of population that resides outside of the United States, there is a tremendous amount of opportunity.
Greg Halter - Great Lakes Review: And would you anticipate working in conjunction with the thermal laser, or do you expect any cannibalization of your product with theirs or does it really not matter?
Anders Gustafsson: No. it's actually, we see them being very complimentary. There are certain applications within a hospital that thermal maybe get better solution. The laser solution, Mike Smiley mentioned, we have a lot of patents around that solution that we've acquired. One of the interesting applications is the laminated band, so it has a very durability content. So it resists a lot what happens in a hospital environment. But the two solutions in combination will find themselves in the same hospital in different applications. But what we want to leverage is the fact that on a combined basis, we become a much more significant brand in the wristbanding space. And we're going to leverage the sales field and infrastructures that we've acquired through LaserBand to drive a lot of sales forward.
Greg Halter - Great Lakes Review: And one other quick one, if I could sneak it in, are there other things that you're doing in hospital environment that you could lever off of your own products as well as LaserBand's?
Anders Gustafsson: Yes. And when you think about the portfolio that we have, when you think about from a hospital supply chain perspective, hospitals offer an enormous possibility for us. And tremendous potential from just simple bar coding at various stages of critical assets all the way through real-time location of those assets, right. So one of the other ultimate opportunities is when you look at all the capital equipment that deployed in a hospital, that the hospitals are very challenged on the ability to find it. Ultimately, locating it quickly and understanding the condition that that piece of equipment is in and is it available for use becomes another longer-term opportunity play for us. So there are number of places for us to go. We can extend other cartridge like thermal applications in non-wristbanding solutions. So when you think about medical specimen labeling, laboratories, things of that nature. So we see the hospital ecosystem as very under penetrated, very underserved, and this is really our first foray in establishing a broader position.
Operator: Next is Rich Glass with Lockwell Investments.
Rich Glass - Lockwell Investments: Can you maybe help us understand what confluence of events maybe it would take to get you guys to be more active on the buyback? What are the impediments here, unless you're picking up acquisitions in big way in terms of doing meaningful sizeable acquisitions, which I think with the old strategy and not in the more recent strategy, given what's going on around with your evaluation? How can you justify sitting on the pile of cash that we've been sitting on for quite a while, as the stock performance has not been so great for a while, as well and it would seem to be very accretive to put the cash to work. And well as we've seen in any matter given that it's earning nothing. So doing an acquisition here is accretive, but buying back your own stock is certainly lower risk than doing an acquisition of an outside company. So what would it take to get more aggressive on the buyback or maybe do something meaningful like a Dutch tender?
Anders Gustafsson: If you look at our performance in buybacks over the last, I'll say, five years. I think we've bought back about $750 million worth of equity. That's a pretty substantial commitment, I think from our side. At least, I thought if it does that. And we've been able to step-up and down our buybacks based on what we see in the markets very substantially. If you look at Q3 of last year, we actually brought back 1.8 million shares in one quarter. We step down a little bit after that because our share price was performing very nicely in Q4 and Q1. In Q2, we were a bit more cautious as we were working on the LaserBand acquisition. But we're still committed to buying back shares. And I don't think we will say anything has changed with our strategy today.
Operator: Next is Marty Moser with Northwestern Mutual.
Marty Moser - Northwestern Mutual: I guess, kind of along those same lines, free cash flow has been really good the first two quarters. Maybe, talk a little bit about the second half and then the FX hit that you're assuming in your guide for next quarter.
Mike Terzich: The FX we're assuming, again, just for the third quarter $1.23. I don't know if it's going to be fair but were assuming $1.23 which obviously impact on us there. As far as deploying cash flow, again, we've invested $58 million in LaserBand. We realized, we still have a fair amount of capital. And we planned putting it to work and doing share buyback. It's not but we're not doing that, we're even. So I see ourselves continuing to do that but I will argue that we have talked about some attractive ways to continue to build the business. And we evaluate those on a risk adjusted basis, just sort of to see how we look at those. We do feel the LaserBand business definitely is an attractive investment, relative to buyback the company stock. But I don't see us stopping buying back company stock, going forward.
Marty Moser - Northwestern Mutual: I guess, the question really was you had like $85 million in free cash flow in the first half. I assume that goes down somewhat in the second half, I'm just asking how much?
Mike Smiley: I don't know that. By the way a good chunk of that was a new proportion that was inventory reductions. And by the way I think we still have the opportunity continue to optimize our inventory. So my sense is we will have a good second half. It may not be quite as strong as the first half, but pretty close to that. Historically, our cash flow in the first half pretended to be weaker than the second half, as we had a number of tax payments, there were due. So we still expect good cash flow for the reminder of the year. And the other I forget to mention is we also had a settlement also had settlement of the net escrowed funds for the sale of Navis in the first quarter but, is also in second quarter. Close in the second half.
Marty Moser - Northwestern Mutual: And then, if I could just maybe talk about Asia and Latin America trends as you see them. Latin America held up pretty good, but it sound like you didn't get the big projects. And Asia has just kind of been overwhelmed with the contract manufacture side. I'm wondering when that that might change?
Anders Gustafsson: So I think in back to what I talked a little bit earlier. We've had various attractive growth rates from our emerging market investments. And in Asia, we've seen great performance out of China, India and other countries over the last three years. But the economic situation in Europe is putting up a bit of a damper on the export oriented business. So that's impacting China to some degree and it's impacting Korea for us. But the other parts I would highlight here would be FX, which is an important factor in many of these countries. So we sell in dollars to them and they sell in their local currency to their customers. So two countries that tend to be particularly sensitive to FX is Brazil and India, and both the Riyal and the Rupee, have weakened substantially against the dollar over the last three months and this year. So that means that our customers are a little more cautious about how to engage with billing inventory or going after deals that they've been. They want to make sure that they protect their margins. But I'd certainly say that we feel very good about our overall strategy, and our ability to continue to grow positively and expand our leadership in the industry. And I think even in the last quarter, where life was a bit, we feel confident that we've continue to extend our leadership and gaining shares in the industry. And it's obviously, in absolute terms it has been quite as attractive, but I think on relative terms, we didn't perform in very well.
Operator: That was our final question, ladies and gentlemen. I will now turn the conference over to Doug for closing comments.
Doug Fox: Again, thank you everybody for joining us today. And as I mentioned previously, our next call is currently scheduled for November 1. And Mike and I will be available for questions afterwards. Have a good day. Thank you.

===== 2012 Q1  (2012-04-27 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Douglas A. Fox  Vice President, Investor Relations and Treasurer Anders Gustafsson  Chief Executive Officer Michael C. Smiley  Chief Financial Officer Michael H. Terzich  Senior Vice President, Global Sales and Marketing
Analysts:
Brian Drab  William Blair & Company:
Michael Holt  Morningstar Equity Research:
Anthony Kure  KeyBanc Capital Markets: Chris Quilty  Raymond James Keith Housum  Northcoast Research Jason Rodgers  Great Lakes Review Marc Heilweil  Spectrum Advisory Services
Operator: Good morning. And welcome to the Zebra Technologies 2012 First Quarter Earnings Release Conference Call. Joining us from Zebra Technologies are Anders Gustafsson, CEO; Mike Smiley, CFO; Mike Terzich, Senior Vice President, Global Sales and Marketing; and Doug Fox, Vice President, Investor Relations. All lines will be in a listen-only mode until after todays presentation. Instructions will be given at that time in order to ask a question. At the request of Zebra Technologies, this conference call is being recorded. Should anyone have any objections, please disconnect at this time. At this time, I would like to introduce Mr. Doug Fox of Zebra Technologies. Sir, you may begin.
Douglas A. Fox: Thank you. Good morning and thank you for joining us today. Certain statements made on this call will relate to future events or circumstances and therefore will be forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as expect, believe and anticipate are a few examples of words identifying a forward-looking statements. Forward-looking information is subject to various risks and uncertainties, which could significantly affect expected results. Risk factors were noted in the news release we issued this morning and are also described in Zebras 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011 which is on filed with the SEC. Now, let me turn the call over to Anders Gustafsson for some brief opening remarks.
Anders Gustafsson: Thank you, Doug and good morning everyone. Today Zebra reported sales of $244 million and earnings per share of $0.58, both within our guidance range. Strong execution across our business grew year-over-year sales growth in all geographic regions. We further extended our industry leadership with our scale, diversity and targeted business strategies. At the same time, our operational discipline helped to deliver continued strong profitability with gross margin exceeding 49% and sequential increase in operating margin to 17.2%. We also successfully launched the latest and most complex module in our new companywide ERP system, which will generate greater operational efficiency well into the future. While maintaining investments in activities that will drive further growth in high returns, we generated $42.7 million in free cash flow. For the quarter, we repurchased 265,000 shares. Within the constraints of a more challenging business environment in Asia-Pacific and EMEA and a seasonally slower period, our strong performance underscores the continued effectiveness of our strategic focus. Zebra continues to outgrow and out execute its competitors. Companies around the world want to see more and do more with their valued assets across their supply chains. And Zebra is well positioned to deliver more high value products and solutions to meet our customers growing asset visibility needs. As we outlined at our Investor Day in February, Zebra together with our partners is working to create a smarter, more connected business community. We are pursuing this vision through five strategic pillars. First, penetrate existing markets further. Second, expand into new markets. Third, intensify innovation. Fourth, maximize operational effectiveness. And lastly, inspire our people and culture. Now let me highlight a few of our successes from the quarter. To further penetrate existing markets, our work is ongoing to develop deeper, more strategic customer relationships. We are executing on these opportunities by investing in relationships with key influencers such as system integrators and independent software vendors. With our expanding set of channel partners coupled with the development of our own high touch sales capability, we are developing meaningfully tighter engagements, which with strategic customers in important sectors including small package delivery, retail and aviation and aerospace. Take share strategies with key customers are also resulting in solid wins including growing success in displacing installed competitor products as well as an increase in pipeline of opportunities. Our expansion into new markets is paying off as well. Our focus on building a greater presence in the brick countries, Brazil, Russia, India and China has helped us grow in the past, and we contribute to our success in the future. The growing middle class and increasing adoption of AIDC technologies will continue to drive growth in these regions. In addition to supporting established manufacturing customers, we are increasing the engagement with customers in government, healthcare, retail, and financial services. The region specific products we introduced last year together with our growing in country service capabilities demonstrate our commitment to supporting our customers and channel partners. And further strengthen Zebras competitive position. Finally, innovation has been and continues to be core to Zebras long-term success. Today, Zebra out invest its competitors more than four to one in product development. More importantly, our focus is driving innovation throughout the product line. The strong growth of our card printers, which underwent a significant transformation over the past two years, demonstrates the success of these efforts. We increased the cadence on new product introductions as well as enhanced the efficiency of our product development activities. Separately, we also made progress in location solutions. Most recently we upgraded our awareness family of product to the new IPv6 standard ahead of schedule. This ability to stay current on the evolving standards has already resulted in new bookings; in this case, for a department of defense application, a targeted growth area for Zebra. In addition, we delivered vehicle tracking solutions to broader range of automotive customers. These deployments include a realtime tracking solutions for Audi, in conjunction with system integrator IBM. We also closed multiple Ultra-Wide Band system deals for a variety of high precision tracking applications with our dark product family such as tool and Park tracking in aerospace and emerging industry for these solutions. In the first quarter, Zebra also became a location solutions customer. With the implementation of our own ERP system, we installed a dynamic staging solution that we developed internally. This system is meaningfully improving the facility our burner hills warehouse and configuration center with an integrated messaging and high precision real time location system, utilizing awareness and dark products. From a regional perspective, we continue to see more examples of the successful execution of our strategy. In North America, business activity exhibited increasing strength for a third consecutive quarter. We further saw the rising return of domestic manufacturing, including customers in the automotive supply chain. Shipments to retail accounts remained strong as well with the ongoing push to put more technology in stores to enhance the customer experience. As an example, we worked with major department store retailers on several inventory of this ability projects employing multiple Zebra products, including Zebra RFID printer/encoders. We are also pleased with the progress of our strategic account focus. This initiative is generating great customer diversification, while lessening the volatility we have with a few large retail accounts. Sales growth to this group excluding our primary discount retail customer increased 30% year-over-year. Solid business trends are in placed in North America and were confident of further growth in the region as the year progresses. In EMEA, the diversity of our business, brand strength, and ongoing investment in channels, products and people drove share gains and growth. During the quarter, we shipped card printers to Angola for its National ID Card Program. Desktop printers to Turkey for a retail application; and ruggedized mobile printers to enhance service productivity for a large national automobile glass replacement company in the UK. The pipeline for additional large deals is developing nicely in EMEA, but we are taking a more cautious stance on the outlook, given the current economic climate in Europe. In Asia-Pacific, we expanded the distribution of the Zebra printer products that we introduced last year for the emerging markets. Our larger, more robust sales organization also enabled us to penetrate targeted verticals more deeply. By engaging with more customers in retail, healthcare and government. These activities led to a record opportunity pipeline at the end of the quarter, and an improving outlook for the region. In Latin America, greater business opportunities have developed in government and retail from new channel partners and distributors, as a result of our expanded sales team. During the second quarter, we will be supporting our customers and providing better coverage with the opening of a new spare parts and repair depot in Brazil, a country with continued significant business opportunities in multiple industries. Zebras first quarter results benefited from investments to extend leadership, improve growth and enhanced capital returns. By investing ahead of our competitors, we have consistently taken share and expanded the range of business opportunities by penetrating existing markets more deeply, expanding into new markets and working to maximize operational effectiveness. A broad range of innovative products and solutions enables Zebra to serve more customer needs to improve their visibility and therefore enhance business performance. I would now like to turn the call over to our CFO; Mike Smiley to provide a detailed review of first quarter results and guidance for the second quarter of 2012. After Mikes remarks, I will return for some brief closing comments.
Michael C. Smiley: Thank you, Anders. Let me highlight some of the key components of Zebras results for the first quarter. My comments will principally focus on year-over-year changes and the performance of Zebras operations. First, sales came in within our guidance range on year-over-year growth in all geographic regions; second, gross margin, the top end of the guidance range declined from the very high level of the year-ago, principally because of mix; and third, operating expenses increased 5.6%. Lets review sales. For the quarter, sales increased 2.8% from $233 million last year to $244 million this year. The impact of foreign exchange net of hedges, was not material to our sales growth. Sales growth for North America, EMEA and Latin America each range to be 1% and 2% with some variations in the product mix. At a high level, shipments of card printers were particularly robust, demonstrating the successful outcome of product development to strengthen this product line as previously mentioned by Anders. Supply sales also stood out as a significant area of growth of 12% to a record $50 million. Shipments of specialty printer labels and ribbons were notably strong to establish the new customers in North America and EMEA. We also had a surge in ribbons for card printers demonstrating the pullthrough of consumables for this product line. More specifically in North America, printer sales benefited from strong and steady shipments for distribution, an excellent indicator of the regions health and vitality. In EMEA, ongoing strength in Germany, France, Spain and the Middle East and Africa offset some weakness in Italy. Asia-Pacific had pockets of strength including China and India where investments in greater sales representation continued to generate growth. This activity offset softness in Australia, where we shipped a large deal a year-ago and softness in Korea with the export oriented manufacturing sector is down. In addition to year-over-year sales growth, Asia-Pacific sales increased 2% on a sequential basis. And finally, our investments in sales resources in Latin America drove strong growth. We had strong broad-based quarter in Mexico, strong broad-based quarter in the region except for some softening in Brazil. Sales for the region increased to 11% year-over-year and 3% from the fourth quarter of last year. Looking at profitability, we maintained a high gross margin of 49.1% down from a year-ago, but unchanged from the fourth quarter of 2011. Operating expenses increased 5.6% from a year ago and was down 2% sequentially. Compared with last year, higher wages and salaries, largely from personal addition over the past year supporting our growth initiatives for the increase. Product development expenses declined from a year-ago to the timing of expenses related to various projects. Quarterly operating income of $42 million delivered a 17.2% margin down from 18.7% in year ago and up from 17% for the fourth quarter of 2011. Adding $6 million in depreciation and amortization to the operating income totaled $48 million of cash earnings or 19.7% of sales. The income tax rate for the first quarter was 28%. GAAP earnings per share was $0.58 per share and $52.3 million average shares outstanding. At the end of the quarter, we had $51.9 million shares outstanding. In the first quarter, we purchased 255,000 shares of Zebras stock. The weighted average price of the purchases was $36.95 per share. We have noted in the past that Zebra would be sensitive to the price of the stock and become less aggressive in our buyback at higher prices. The days sales outstanding declined from 49 days for the fourth quarter of 2011 to 48 days. Inventories declined $7 million from the fourth quarter of last year. Quarterly free cash flow totaled $42.7 million including $14 million we received from the Navis divestiture escrow. At the end of the quarter, we had $352 million of cash investments on hand with all capital expenditures and high profitability; Zebra has been a consistent generator of high levels of free cash throughout its history as a public company. Now, lets look at the second quarter forecast. we are forecasting 2012 second quarter sales of $250 million to $260 million, for a $6 million to $16 million sequential increase over first quarter sales. Earnings are expected at $0.58 to $0.63 per share. Our guidance reflects continued concern of our economic headwinds particularly in Europe. Our forecast assumes consolidated gross margin in the range of 48.5% to 49% due to an expected slightly less favorable product mix.
 : That concludes my formal remarks. Thank you for your attention. Now here is Anders for some concluding comments.
 : That concludes my formal remarks. Thank you for your attention. Now here is Anders for some concluding comments.
Anders Gustafsson: Thank you, Mike. First quarter results demonstrate the value of excellent execution and an innovation. During the quarter, Zebras market leadership increased. The investments made to quantify business have resulted in deeper engagements with strategic accounts in attractive industries, a larger global footprint to serve customers in the high-growth markets and a demonstrably more competitive and innovative product line. All of these make Zebra an even greater force in the industry, and give the company additional leverage with the capacity for higher growth and greater shareholder returns. As we look to the remainder of 2012, our focus remains on driving performance through the successful execution of our five strategic pillars. We are well positioned to outperform our competition irrespective of business conditions. we have proven our ability to operate and manage the business effectively through changing business conditions. We will remain agile and responsive in the current business climate, as we continued to invest prudently to successfully extend leadership increased profitability and core capital returns. Our focus on creating valued solutions for our customers remains a priority. Advanced technologies is driving greater demand for information and knowledge about our customers assets within the enterprise and the longer supply chain. Zebra is well positioned to benefit on these trends as a leader providing a vital link between the physical and digital worlds, barcodes, passive RFID and active RFID.  Our technology collaboration agreement with Oak Systems announced early in the first quarter is already bearing fruit with an enhanced platform for integrating multiple (inaudible) technologies. This ability platform makes it easier for Zebra customers to use active RFID, passive RFID and bar coding across the enterprise for greater visibility into a wide range of assets. We have received much positive feedback on this innovation and we are already deploying it in a pilot firm MRO tracking system with a large transportation company. Finally, maintaining our discipline on driving innovation through our product design process is the key component to our success. More standardized design in 2011, led to the introduction of 13 new printer products and 10 software and hardware updates for location solutions. These trends are continuing through 2012. Within the next month, we will be introducing an exciting new table top printer family. This year mid range printers features superior ergonomic design, optimum print quality and elegant space saving design. All features that make our printers easy to integrate, easy to use, and easy to maintain. These printers will set a new standard of performance and value in this category. The outlook for our company is bright and we remain confident about Zebras future. The great diversity of our business, our financial strength, and our continued industry leadership provide us the resilience and to pursue multiple global opportunities. Investing in the highest risk adjusted returns continues to be a priority. In addition to internal growth, we will support our strategic vision by carefully considering potential acquisitions. Share buybacks will remain another important occurrent in our capital deployment positions. This concludes our prepared remarks and I thank you for your attention this morning. I would now like to turn the call over to Doug for Q&A.
Douglas A. Fox: Thank you Anders. Before we open the call to your questions, let me ask that you limit yourself to one question and one follow-up, in addition Mike and I will be available after the call for any discussions. Also our next regularly scheduled conference call is currently scheduled for July 31. Lets begin the Q&A.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) And your first question comes from Brian Drab with William Blair.
Brian Drab  William Blair & Company:  Good morning.
Anders Gustafsson: Good morning Brian.
Michael C. Smiley: Good morning Brian.
Brian Drab  William Blair & Company:  Sorry if I missed the  I missed the first few minutes of the call, sorry if I missed some information that I'm going to ask. But I know that FX was negligible in the quarter, but including any divested businesses, what was organic growth, revenue growth in the first quarter.
Michael C. Smiley: Well basically its the entire growth was, it is organic in a sense we didnt have (inaudible) in the year ago numbers, continued operations, so basically the growth was 2.8% for the year-over-year.
Brian Drab  William Blair & Company: (Inaudible)
Michael C. Smiley: 3.5.
Brian Drab  William Blair & Company: Okay, thanks. And then R&D expense was a little bit below our estimate, what direction should we expect to go from year-end and why? What was the main growth drivers?
Michael C. Smiley: The R&D has a fair amount of say project expense when projects comes to an end, so its a matter of timing and so the first quarter was a little bit low because of again timing we expect the our second quarter to be up and that speaks to a big piece of our operating expense increase from Q1 to Q2.
Brian Drab  William Blair & Company: Okay, Ill get back in line, thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Holt with Morningstar.
Michael Holt  Morningstar Equity Research: Good morning thanks for taking my question. I just want to follow up on gross margin and the product mix you referred to. Should we be thinking about this as reflecting slowdown in manufacturing versus some of the other higher growth areas or more in terms of higher geographic mix is trending or how should we think about this product mix going forward, it is a permanent sort of structural change or more of a temporary cyclical feature?
Michael C. Smiley: Well, Mike, I dont think that its a cyclical change to the structure of our business, the performance of our business. Our manufacturing was a performed well for us across the globe. It was as high growth as it was maybe a year or two ago, but it was still a nice growth business and particularly I would say manufacturing did very well for us in North America. But there is a mix shift between within product families and between families, which is basically causing the a [PV] kind that you saw, but there is no real price pressure on individual product.
Anders Gustafsson: And I would know, 49.2% gross margin thats a very consistent with the long term guidance we can providing every while where we think its the long term (inaudible), 50.6% a year ago was very high.
Michael Holt  Morningstar Equity Research: Okay that makes sense and just a quick follow-up its on gross margin, you mentioned how a lot of the supplies business, the cards, the risk bands, the custom labels those are growing quite nicely, should we think about those sort of neutral to that gross margin or another printing business something supply to quite high end margin.
Anders Gustafsson: Card printing business has done very well for us over the last year, we spend a lot of efforts and invested quite a lot in rejuvenating and coming out with new innovative products in that category for the last two years, and thats been helpful to support the top down end to the margin for the card business, while the [supply] business tends to be slightly lower, but we also there would like to have to think likely to think about in two categories really. We have our labels and the labels that we actually print on so that tends to be a little lower that we have a lot of supply, so really think they go through it and in predicting the card business a lot of dedicated supplies that only that are required to produce our printers. Those have much higher margins and are very much comfortable to our margin profile that was having our overall business.
Michael C. Smiley: And youre asking although the gross margin some areas is a little bit low, there is no R&D associated with debt activity, so its operating income standpoint still very attractive.
Michael Holt  Morningstar Equity Research: Great thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from Anthony Kure with Keybanc.
Anthony Kure  KeyBanc Capital Markets: Hey good morning guys thanks for taking my question.
Anders Gustafsson: Hi, good morning.
Anthony Kure  KeyBanc Capital Markets: Just then maybe I didnt quite catch it I apologize to, can you go back to this question on the mix for the gross margin. Could you maybe specify one more time what is causing the mix headwind here going forward?
Michael H. Terzich: Anthony this is Mike Terzich, Ill take that. When you look at Q1 across the broad product platform, we had a very strong quarter as we noted in the prepared remarks, in the area of supplies, also very strong quarter in the area of card printers. All other product lines we saw more moderate growth across each of those lines and they effectively all grew in each of the geographies, so principally driven by mix. So while we were a little bit more moderate in some of the high end product, it was offset by growth in the card business, were a little bit more moderate in the desktop and in the mobile, which are also very much tied to large deal opportunity, and in any given quarter that deal opportunity tends to be a little bit more volatile, so which principally a mix issue and as Anders noted it was not cyclical, its just its a matter of time.
Anthony Kure  KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay, and actually those are  leads into my next question about large deal opportunity, if you just talk about the mix of large versus small deals in the quarter, anything out of the ordinary or is it pretty much pretty normal.
Anders Gustafsson: Well talk Q1 as a solid run rate business, we have very good run rate fields going through. The larger deals were the volume of large deal was not as high as it would normally be. We saw larger deals kind of get subdivided into two smaller pieces so that it broken into smaller projects. There are still deals there and I was really on it global basis and across all industries so that was in the U.S. and there was in Asia, but it we still feel that we very well positioned to continue to win large deals and win break into new customers as we go forward.
Anthony Kure  KeyBanc Capital Markets: And just sneak one more and Europe I mean up year-over-year thats given whats going on over there, its pretty impressive just if you guys just comment on if you think that mostly comprise of gaining share or is the market actually holding up and actually, still growing a little bit in Europe.
Michael C. Smiley: We really careful to say exactly what we think the market is doing before we see independent analyst research, but I think we feel we have a very strong position in Europe and we have gained share. So were certainly going faster than the market in Europe. We saw great strength in Germany, France, in our Eastern European countries, in the Middle East, but we did see weakness in (inaudible), no surprise. But overall, we feel that we have a very strong position in Europe and thats helped us perform quite well in Europe given the economic situation we have there.
Operator: Your next question comes from Chris Quilty with Raymond James.
Chris Quilty  Raymond James: Good morning, gentlemen. I wanted to follow up on the supplies business, which is in the past been a bit of a leading indicator. First of all, just to want to confirm with Mike that you view that as a leading indicator and second, is that primarily just reflecting North American market, because as a member you dont have huge consumables business located outside the U.S.?
Michael H. Terzich: Okay. Chris its Mike Terzich. The business with strong and essentially its actually strong in three regions. Were strong in North America; Asia Pacific was the region where we dont have effectively underground converting capability. EMEA was very strong. In Latin America, we actually serviced Latin America most of it from Mexico through two of our facilities in North America. So we were very strong in three regions, and obviously, not much of a contribution out of Asia. But peeling back the layer on the business going back to a little bit of what Anders said, the business is really made up of three components. It is made up of barcode, label, and ribbon, which was very healthy in all geographies, which is a leading indicator for us. So, labeling and demand for labeling continues. We had a very strong quarter in card printer sales, hardware sales and usually what happens is, we get the 100% annuity attached to the ribbon that goes with that product. So we saw an increase in demand in the ribbon for card, ribbon on the card business is very good margin for us, and then the third piece of it for us is in the area of wrist band and the cartridges that those wrist bands are produced through, and that is also very high margin business for us. And the healthcare side of our business continues to expand in all four geographies, but some of that is whats driving a pretty healthy robust supplies business in total.
Chris Quilty  Raymond James: Great. Good color. Thank you very much.
Michael H. Terzich: Okay.
Operator: Your next question comes from Keith Housum from Northcoast Research.
Keith Housum  Northcoast Research: Thanks, gentlemen. I appreciate you taking the call. Could you guys provide a little bit color on the location services group? Its probably been a few quarters since I [looked] at that, how, and I think a lot of it sounds. And I just wanted  profitability and since the growth rate what are you guys expecting there and what youre seeing?
Anders Gustafsson:  We now have a location solution thats the part of our global P&L for about a year. The basis I think doing well for us, weve continued to come out with new innovative product that have enabled us to win a nice new contract and expand it in number of partners we work with. I mentioned in my script that we won a nice contract with Audi, by working with IBM as a system integrator. IBM has also won some other nice deals for us in mining. We signed a nice licensing agreement with Oak System beginning of the year, which really gives us a unique capability of providing visibility into a common system for barcodes, for passive RFID and active RFID. So were doing well and were coming out with new innovative solutions for this. And I think that we are  we see that we are well positioned and that business should have good growth opportunities over the coming years. But it is still a small part of our overall business, its only a few percent of our overall revenues.
Keith Housum  Northcoast Research: Got it. Okay. Thank you. And then a follow-up question back to the supplies business, obviously it's a common theme today, based on a good result in the quarter. Is the growth that we saw this quarter is indicative of what we may see in future quarters? I mean, you think what the card printer is gaining attraction and they have, there are going to be a concluding factor till we are seeing some good supplies growth.
Michael H. Terzich: Yes, Keith its, Mike Terzich. I think the indicators are good. Weve got a healthy hardware business on the card side and as I mentioned, we get the annuity of cash that are driven. Healthcare as this rising middle class expands globally, people are having higher demand for improved healthcare services and that is beating that healthcare business. And obviously, we have strategic plans to continue to expand in the barcode, the core barcode labeling and ribbon business. And that is really driven by the diversification of our solutions across both labeling and receipt printing in all of our geographies, and we don't see that slowing down. As a matter of fact, if you look at our performance overall, we are gaining share in the supplies business. And if you look at converting industry as a whole, our growth is  I would say, its a significant [outlier] to what you would see traditionally in that space.
Keith Housum  Northcoast Research: Great. Appreciate the color. Thank you.
Michael H. Terzich: All right.
Operator: The next question comes from Jason Rodgers with Great Lakes Review
Jason Rodgers  Great Lakes Review:  Looking at the general and administrative expense for the quarter of 8% year-over-year is that due to the new personnel?
Anders Gustafsson: A good chunk of that is, its also a function of the fact that we have  as we implemented our new ERP system we had some greater levels of support for that implementation. When you look at the second quarter, were expecting that there is a little bit of a burn there as we continue to what we call stabilize the ERP. So there is, its primarily people related, and its depreciation related with that ERP system is in there too.
Jason Rodgers  Great Lakes Review: So, is that a good number to use for the remaining quarters of 2012 or do you expect that to come down a little in the second half?
Anders Gustafsson: Yeah, we expect it to moderate total, or come down a tad.
Jason Rodgers  Great Lakes Review: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Marc Heilweil with Spectrum Advisory.
Marc Heilweil  Spectrum Advisory Services: Hi. I realize its a sensitive question, but can you give us any feedback on how the outsourcing to Jabil has worked out for you considering the changes in China that have taken place and to reach that agreement, first question.
Anders Gustafsson:  I dont think thats a particularly sensitive question for us. We started outsourcing the project in the beginning of 2008, and I think we were basically down by the end of 2009. So it took us 18 months or 2 years and weve got benefits through that process, but we set out to  about 3.5 percentage points of gross margin improvement. Weve communicated  we have gotten more than that as weve gone through this process. Weve gotten, I think a good support from Jabil. Weve been (inaudible) in new competencies for how to source and manage a number of vendors in China. I think we needed to build a more responsive global logistics network because of this. So, from our perspective its been a very good success.
Marc Heilweil  Spectrum Advisory Services: That's good to hear. Here is my other question. I know Avery Dennison is using their inlays in connection with a smart pill for communicating information about the condition of the patient. Are you aware of that and are there any opportunity to Zebra in that [positive] healthcare business.
Anders Gustafsson: Im not sure that I fully understood the question.
Marc Heilweil  Spectrum Advisory Services: I think, well you may not be familiar. Its a small project. Avery Dennison has an agreement in which their inlays are being used to in conjunction with a smart pill to communicate the information to a cellphone.
Anders Gustafsson: I cant comment on the specific project, but we do (inaudible) labels. So the application is definitely something we could do. Im not familiar if we are involved with that particular customer.
Marc Heilweil  Spectrum Advisory Services:  Okay. All right. Thanks guys. Bye-bye.
Anders Gustafsson: All right.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) And at this time, you have no further questions.
Anders Gustafsson: Okay. With that, thank you very much for joining us today. Just as a reminder again, our next regularly scheduled conference call will be on July 31. Thank you again for participating.
Operator:  Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes todays conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q4  (2012-02-14 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Anders Gustafsson  Chief Executive Officer Mike Smiley  Chief Financial Officer Mike Terzich  Senior Vice President, Global Sales and Marketing Doug Fox  Vice President, Investor Relations
Analysts: Anthony Kure  KeyBanc Paul Coster  J.P.Morgan Chris Quilty  Raymond James Ajit Pai  Stifel Nicolaus Marty Moser  Northwestern Mutual Keith Housum  Northcoast Research Greg Halter  Great Lakes Review Tim Mulrooney  William Blair Rick Johnson  Tieg Keith Curtis  Brant Point Capital
Operator: Good morning. And welcome to the Zebra Technologies 2011 Fourth Quarter Earnings Release Conference Call. Joining us from Zebra Technologies are Anders Gustafsson, CEO; Mike Smiley, CFO; Mike Terzich, Senior Vice President, Global Sales and Marketing; and Doug Fox, Vice President, Investor Relations. All lines will be in a listen-only mode until after todays presentation. Instructions will be given at that time in order to ask a question. At the request of Zebra Technologies, this conference call is being recorded. Should anyone have any objections, please disconnect at this time. At this time, I would like to introduce Mr. Doug Fox of Zebra Technologies. Sir, you may begin.
Doug Fox: Thank you. Good morning. Thank you for joining us today. Certain statements made on this call will relate to future events or circumstances and therefore will be forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as expect, believe and anticipate are a few examples of words identifying a forward-looking statements. Forward-looking information is subject to various risks and uncertainties, which could significantly affect expected results. Risk factors were noted in the news release issued this morning and are also described in Zebras 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2010 which is on file with the SEC. Now, let me turn the call over to Anders Gustafsson for some brief opening remarks.
Anders Gustafsson: Thank you, Doug, and good morning, everyone. Today Zebra reported solid fourth quarter financial results concluding another year of strong growth. Earnings from continuing operations advanced 20% to $0.63 per share on a 6% increase in sales to $247 million. For the fourth quarter, we maintained high profitability and generated $36 million in free cash flow. Our robust and steady run rate business and several large deals led to record sales in Europe and near record sales in North America. Globally, record sales of mobile and card printers underscored solid performance in several product categories, as we helped more customers in targeted industries, improved business performance by enabling them to see more and do more. Fourth quarter results demonstrate the great value of Zebras industry leadership. Investing in those areas that deliver the highest risk-adjusted returns, we gained share on the strength of expanded channel relationships and the more competitive line of innovative products. Our fourth quarter performance caps a very successful year for Zebra. For all of 2011, we achieved 10% sales growth, with records sales in all international regions and in multiple product lines. Increases in gross margin and effective expense management drove operating leverage and a 2% increase in operating margin to 18.5%. We invested more than $160 million to repurchase 4.4 million shares of Zebra stock and delivered a 32% increase in earnings from continuing operations to a record $2.40 per share. With a net gain on the sale of Navis and proveo net income for the year was $3.22 per share. Operationally, we made progress on several strategic fronts. We opened new sales offices in China, Russia and Brazil, and the sales resources previously brought on board became more productive. We accelerated the pace of product introductions with a record 13 new printer products, and 10 hardware and software releases for vacation solutions in 2011. These new products enabled us to broaden our customer base in established and new industries. We also made excellent progress in building relationships with a broader base of customers in targeted verticals. These achievements have positioned Zebra to deliver increased shareholder value over the long-term. I would now like to provide an overview of the highlights for the quarter by region. In North America, year-over-year sales increased 9.5%. Steady bookings throughout the period created an underlying foundation of strength for the region. Several large orders further reinforced our performance. Shipments of mobile and desktop printers in particular supported applications for customers in retail and small package delivery. We were also pleased with the level of orders for our recently introduced QLn wireless mobile printer, including one for government labeling application. This shipment highlights the success of our take share strategy and increased focus on growing our presence in the government sector, which has historically been underserved by Zebra. Customers are responding enthusiastically to the innovative features of the QLn mobile printer, which incorporates a flexible user interface for easy configuration. Our EMEA region was another source of strength in the fourth quarter with sales up 5% from a year ago to a record $88 million. In an environment with some significant economic challenges, we are particularly pleased with the achievements of our EMEA organization. Eight of 10 sub-regions posted year-over-year gains with notable performance in manufacturing-centric Germany, as well as France and the U.K. Larger deals included shipments of wireless mobile printers to retail and transportation customers, kiosk printers for banking applications and card printers for government identity cards. It was also a good quarter for sales of labels and ribbon supplies in the region. Supplies and service offer growth in our core business which we will be focusing on in 2012. In Latin America, the timing of some orders and shipments contributed to a temporary moderation in sales growth to $21.6 million. Sales of card and mobile printers however were particularly notable. Banks in Venezuela are now using Zebra P100 card printers issue customized credit cards on-demand to prequalify customers. Our ZXP8 retransfer card printer is being used for printing secure employee IDs in Mexico. In mobile printing, the broad range of Zebra wireless mobile printers was shipped to help retail customers in router accounting and short labeling applications. In Asia-Pacific, sales of $32.5 million reflect the slowdown in manufacturing, which affected sales of high-performance printers. The severe flooding in Thailand which restricted several multinational companies from delivering goods to their customers was a contributing factor for the manufacturing softness. Despite these challenges in Asia-Pacific, we remain on course strategically in this important region. The addition of 35 independent software vendors has already opened new opportunities. Recent orders include a large shipment of tabletop printers for managing fireworks, a large industry in China. Were also making excellent headway in building a greater presence in government and healthcare. From the retail perspective, burgeoning in middle class continues to make this vertical another attractive area of growth. Under product front, we have been very pleased with the customer demand for the new printers introduced in 2011 to meet unique regional requirements. First introduced in China, we will be offering these region specific models to customers in other geographies beginning in March of this year. Zebras results for the fourth quarter and for all of 2011 demonstrate the success of our actions to serve more customers in retail, manufacturing and other targeted industries. At the same time, we are building a footprint in areas that offer significant new growth prospects for Zebra, including financial services and government. Increasingly, customers choose Zebra because of our commitment to help them manage ever more complex asset management challenges with innovative products, diversity of our business across products, customers, geographies and industries is an important foundation in our constant pursuit of shareholder value creation. As we look to 2012, Zebra is well-positioned with enhanced capabilities, including more sales representation in high-growth regions, a fuller more innovative product line, a robust strategic plan for North America and stronger more engaged go-to-market channels. These enhanced capabilities will enable us to better meet the increasing needs of our global customers. I would now like to turn the call over to our CFO, Mike Smiley to provide a detailed review of fourth quarter results and guidance for the first quarter of 2012. After Mikes remarks, I will return for some brief closing comments.
Mike Smiley: Thanks Anders. Let me highlight some of the key components of Zebras results for the fourth quarter. My comments will principally focus on year-over-year changes in the performance of Zebras continuing operations which have been adjusted for the sale of Navis and proveo. First, sales came with our guidance range on strength in North America and EMEA partly as a result of sales and marketing strategies to expand the scope of opportunities, take share and broaden the customer base within targeted verticals. Second, gross margin was up slightly as year-over-year improvements in volume, overhead and freight offset changes in product mix. Third, operating expenses included an anticipated $2 million in expenses related to our Global Partners Conference which we hold every three years and continued investment in geographic expansion. And fourth, we repurchased 429,000 shares of Zebra stock during the quarter. Lets review sales. For the quarter sales increased 6% from $234 million last year to $247 million. Changes in foreign exchange did not have a material effect on quarterly sales versus a year ago. By region, North America maintained a high level of business activity. Sales were up 9.5% over the previous years fourth quarter and only down slightly from the third quarter. Shipments of several large deals to customers in retail and small package delivery augmented steady run rate sales through distribution. EMEA also maintained excellent business momentum. Fourth quarter sales were a record $88.4 million, up 4.5% from the prior fourth quarter and up 4.4% sequentially. Shipments of mobile, card and kiosk products were notably strong, in addition to supplies and aftermarket parts and services. Latin American sales were up 1% for the quarter and 11% for the full year. Our fundamental outlook for this region also remains positive because of the great many opportunities continuing to develop in Brazil, Mexico and elsewhere. In Asia-Pacific, sales of desktop, card and mobile printers maintained favorable momentum, up slightly year-over-year the region grew 26% for all of 2011, aided by our investments in sales resources to build channel and customer relationships. We remain positive on the outlook for Asia-Pacific. By product category, hardware sales were up 5%, supply sales were up 11%. Turning to profitability, we maintained high gross margin at 49.1%, up 20 basis points from 48.9% a year ago on favorable movements in volume, overhead absorption and freight. These benefits offset an unfavorable movement in mix, with lower proportional sales of high-performance tabletop printers. Operating expenses increased 11% from a year ago, including increased compensation cost from investments in geographic regions and strategic sales efforts, as well as for our Global Partners Conference. On a sequential basis, operating expenses increased $5 million from higher business development cost, the conference expenses and some higher to normal employee-related insurance costs. Fourth quarter results included approximately $2.4 million costs from this -- from some component supply constraints related to the Japan catastrophe in the form of higher component costs, sales incentives and freight charges. For the full year, these costs totaled $7.7 million. As we enter 2012, these costs are now behind us and our supply chain is back to normal operations. Quarterly operating income totaled $42.1 million for 17.0% margin, adding $6 million in depreciation and amortization to the operating income totaled $48.1 million of cash earnings or 19.5% of sales. The income tax rate for the fourth quarter was 20.1%. The decline from year ago relates to higher profits international jurisdictions and payroll adjustments of prior years sales tax returns which were filed in fourth quarter of 2011. GAAP EPS from continuing operations were $0.63 per share on 52.4 million average shares outstanding. During the fourth quarter, we had 52.3 million shares outstanding. Fourth quarter results also include a net gain of $2.2 million or $0.04 per share as a result of finalizing taxes round the Navis and proveo divestitures in discontinued operations. In the fourth quarter, we bought back 429,000 shares of Zebra stock. The weighted average price of the purchases was $32.24 per share. These purchases bring the year-to-date total number of shares purchased to 4.4 million shares, returning $160 million to shareholders. The day sales outstanding declined from 52 days for the third quarter to 49 days. Inventory turns decreased from 4.4 times to 4.0 times as investors increased -- as inventories increased due to the Japan crisis. We will be working to reduce inventories in 2012. Our distribution centers are fully replenished following last years supply chain disruptions and we have a more normalized product flow, and our extended supply chain. Quarterly free cash flow totaled $36 million in the -- for the fourth quarter. At the end of the quarter, we had $327 million of cash and investments on hand. Now, lets look at our first quarter forecast. We are forecasting 2012 first quarter sales of $237 to $246 million. This guidance reflects usual seasonality, as well as the near-term business and foreign currency condition. Earnings are expected at $0.52 to $0.59 per share. Our forecast assumes a consolidated gross margin in the range of 48% to 49%, primarily as a result of the lower sales volume and a less favorable FX rate from the fourth quarter. GAAP operating expenses are forecast between $76 million and $79 million. The tax rate is estimated to be 28%. Finally, for all of 2012, we expect capital expenditures to approximate $15 to $20 million. That concludes my formal remarks. Thank you for your attention. Now here is Anders for some concluding comments.
Anders Gustafsson: Thank you, Mike. In 2011, Zebra extended industry leadership and further strengthened our strong competitive position. Our results for the fourth quarter and full year demonstrate the value of the diversity of our business, as well as our focus on innovation, investment and execution. These factors give us great confidence in Zebras capacity for further profitable growth and shareholder value creation. We remain positive about Zebras future despite of the near-term uncertainty in business conditions. Over the past several years, Zebra has proven its ability to operate and manage the business through changing market conditions. We will remain agile and responsive as we continue to invest prudently to successfully extend leadership, increase profitability and grow capital returns. For 2012, our strategic priorities build on Zebras foundation of strength and our -- enhanced ability to meet more customer needs. We will continue to invest in those activities that deliver attractive, long-term, sustainable growth, namely, penetrating existing markets more deeply, expanding into new markets, intensifying product innovation and maximizing operational effectiveness. We have previously outlined our strategy to penetrate existing markets more deeply with a focus on targeted industries. Our success in retail demonstrates the effectiveness of this strategy as we have captured more business with a broader base of customers. In 2012, we will also invest more in our core competencies of channel and product development. This will enable us to continue to be the key strategic partner of more customers as our industry leading products and solutions give end-users greater visibility into their operations. Enhancing our relationships with value-added resellers in part through our award winning PartnersFirst, channel program remains a cornerstone to this initiative and a key to our success in gaining share. At the same time, we continue to strengthen direct ties with strategic accounts, and build and expand our relationships with independent software vendors and system integrators in retail, manufacturing and healthcare. We have accelerated the pace of new product introductions, fulfilling our mission to give our customers valued assets a digital voice. In 2011, the many new printer and location products we introduced have features and functionality to serve more customers, customer needs and open new opportunities for Zebra. The products introduced last year, including card printers and the QLn wireless mobile printer are gaining strong customer acceptance based on their innovative functionality, reliability and ease-of-use. For 2012, we have an ambitious lineup of products scheduled for introduction. These products cover multiple categories and incorporate new features that will enable Zebra to expand its footprint even further. We continue to focus on expanding into new and emerging geographies as well. We recognize how much the growing consumer class in China and beyond offers further business opportunities. Our investments in building a greater presence in China, Brazil, India and other emerging countries are paying off nicely. Zebra has established a meaningful presence in these areas and the platform for further expansion by vertical and customer. Most recently, we launched our initial expansion to Russia. Our expansion plans also call for a more aggressive entry into markets traditionally underserved by Zebra, such as government. In addition to core printing applications, the government vertical gives us a great opportunity to deliver integrated solutions incorporating RFID and location solutions, a unique capability and advantage for Zebra over the competition. Card printing with a refresh product line and channel engagement is another area for further growth for Zebra. We are excited about the many important opportunities to extend leadership and deliver profitable growth. In addition to pursuing those opportunities through internal growth, we will support our strategic mission by carefully considering potential acquisitions as they arise. Share buybacks remain another important alternative in deploying our resources where they can earn the highest risk-adjusted returns. Finally, we hope you will be able to join us on February 22nd in Chicago for our first Analyst Day in four years. At the event, senior management will present more about the company and we will offer attendees a greater understanding of the value and future direction of Zebra products with an on-site product innovation fare. This concludes our prepared remarks and I thank you for your attention this morning. I would now like to turn the call over to Doug for Q&A.
Doug Fox: Thank you, Anders. Before we open the call to your questions, let me ask that you limit yourself to one question and one follow-up. In addition, Mike and I will be available after the call for any further discussions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from the line of Anthony Kure with KeyBanc.
Anthony Kure  KeyBanc: Hey. Good morning, guys.
Anders Gustafsson: Good morning.
Mike Smiley: Good morning.
Anthony Kure  KeyBanc: Just wanted to hit on a couple of things, the Latin America and Asia in the fourth quarter sounds like there were some issues with Thailand and some timing issues. So, I guess, when I look forward to the first quarter guidance, if you were to breakdown expectations for those two regions sequentially into the first quarter, are those -- will be the seasonality there, are those expected to rebound into the first quarter or stay flat, can you just maybe provide some directional comments for those two regions?
Anders Gustafsson: Let start by giving you a little bit of a better color around the regions.
Anthony Kure  KeyBanc: Okay.
Anders Gustafsson: First on Asia-Pacific, 2011 was a great year for us. We grew 26% for the whole region, China was up 35%. And we should also remember that Q3 tends to be seasonally the strongest quarter in Asia. For what -- in Q4 we did see some slowdown in manufacturing. We are very exposed, very strong, were the largest contract manufacturers in China, but also in other parts of Asia and these tends to be large multinational companies, very sophisticated. They are probably little quicker than most to slowdown some CapEx programs if they start seeing some slowdown in volumes of exports. So, that was definitely a factor for it. And the Thailand situation kind of further augment a little bit of the tightness in the supply chain in some areas. But we expect certainly that 2012 becoming a much more diversified. So, our manufacturing base is continuing to be very important strong, strong part of the business, but were also expanding into retail, healthcare, transportation and card business, government is another area. So, its becoming a much more diversified business which should be then somewhat less acceptable to swings in manufacturing. For Latin America, again, we had a very good year in 2011, we were up 11%, we starting to see many more countries and many more products participating in the growth in Latin America, we really sold every product we have in Q4, card, mobile printers were probably the two most notable ones. What we did see in Latin American in Q4 there was a push, some larger deals got either pushed into Q1 or they got broken down into smaller components. So we didnt see the full value of those deals in the fourth quarter. Our customers in Latin America, particularly in Brazil, tend also to be a bit sensitive to FX and the Brazilian real was a little stronger compared to the dollar and that tends to cost into whole unit of products and wait for. But generally, we see Latin America is being a very strong region with big opportunities, lot of investments for us and we had the Olympics, the World Cup and soccer coming up. So, our view of Latin America is also will be a very good 2012 and we will continue to invest and go for taking share in both of these regions, and we do believe that we will be sequentially up in Q1.
Anthony Kure  KeyBanc: Okay. Just a quick follow-up, maybe this is a little bit of the housekeeping. I think, Mike, you mentioned $2.2 million gain from finalizing some taxes dealing with Navis, is that all in the discontinued ops or was that in operating income and then, finically, whats the tax rate for 2012?
Mike Smiley: Its all in discontinued operations and we are looking at a tax rate for 2012 at 28%.
Anthony Kure  KeyBanc: Okay. Great. Thank you, guys.
Mike Smiley: Yeah.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Paul Coster with J.P.Morgan.
Paul Coster  J.P.Morgan: Yeah. Thank you. And so revenue growth rate has been declining for several quarters now in hardware and supplies. And Im also, margins sort of feel like theyre plateauing. Can you just sort of cross your eye a little bit further into distance and give us some sense of what you think the long-term growth rate for the company is and what margin structure you are targeting over the long-term, Anders?
Anders Gustafsson: Well, the first, I think weve, Q4 was the first quarter where we had revenue declines sequentially for nine quarters. Now we previously had nine sequential quarters of revenue growth and we see this as more of a shorter term activity in Q1, particularly a return of more normal seasonality. We see though as we have a good pipeline for the New Year and we expect that 2012 will continue to be a good year for Zebra. I think many of our customers are doing similar things to what we are doing though now and then sitting back and holding back a little bit to see how 2012 will shape out and before they let any major capital programs go through. But I think that weve proven our ability to manage the business through all sorts of environments and we believe we are very well-positioned to continue to extend our leadership in the industry and gain share, and whatever the economic environment is going to be, we expect that we will do better then the markets.
Mike Smiley: Yeah. Just to your question about margins, I think a couple of things you should keep in mind is, we are looking at an FX margin -- FX environment with a stronger dollar, which is negatively impacts our topline and bottom line. We also have, traditionally in the first quarter, we will have higher employee-related cost especially in North America related to lets say 401(k), social security, those types of things, which drives through our P&L. I think one thing that speaks well in the fourth quarter, as Anders pointed out, we had a lot of manufacturing. We want to strong in Asia-Pac in manufacturing that typically is a tabletop type product which is higher margin and so we expect, as Anders said, in Q1 that Asia-Pac and Latin America should increase. That should benefit us on the bottom line.
Paul Coster  J.P.Morgan: Okay. I guess, Anders, Ill just go back to the growth rate. The year-on-year growth rate has been slowing and Im just wondering, we saw a cyclical recovery coming out of the 08, 09 slowdown. How would you characterize the cycle at the moment and just coming back, just longer term question, what do you think your long-term topline growth rate is, is it low single-digit, single-digit, high single-digit kind of growth or could it even be double-digit which youve definitely experienced in the past?
Anders Gustafsson: Yeah. Obviously, we came, 2012, I think was, 2010, I should say, was a bit more of a recovery or rebound from the recession in 2009. 2011, we felt was more of a normal year but it certainly had a lot of good momentum. And we characterize todays environment as being more normal -- normal seasonality for Q1 and we expect that we will continue to grow meaningfully above the industry growth rate, and we will talk a little bit more about that also at our Analyst Day that is coming up here next week.
Paul Coster  J.P.Morgan: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Chris Quilty with Raymond James.
Chris Quilty  Raymond James: Good morning, gentlemen. Just a follow-up on the focus on the government market, is that U.S. government specific or internationally, and what gives you confidence that theres growth there given some of the budget headwinds that were obviously seeing in the Pentagon budget?
Mike Terzich: Chris, this is Mike Terzich. Ill take that. Government focus for us is global. Theres different areas within the sub regions that were particularly interested in, in the United States it has been in the area of the Department of Defense, we think were still underpenetrated there and as much as youre seeing some contraction in defense spending, its pushing the need for them, excuse me, to have greater efficiency and productivity, so our solutions actually are picking up some interest in that particular area. The other portion of government is that the state and local level, both through refresh of some drivers license facilities that were taking advantage of, as well as some e-citation opportunities as the states look to effectively generate more revenue. Outside of the United States, our focus has been in some of the postal areas, particularly in Europe and we see quite a bit of opportunity in government throughout Asia-Pacific, some of it in the form of healthcare identification cards, same thing drivers licenses, some opportunities to work with government in the form of logistics and in the form of security.
Chris Quilty  Raymond James: And with regard to the, in the North American market, historically youve worked under the AIT contract, which if I recall is now more of an open IDIQ platform rather than a winner takes all?
Mike Terzich: Yeah. Right, right.
Chris Quilty  Raymond James: Great. And one question for, Mike, on the foreign exchange. Can you quantify for us what sort of headwind youre factoring in here in the first quarter and not to predict foreign exchange for the year, but if you were to project that out for the balance of the year, what are we looking at in terms of headwind versus the tailwind last year?
Mike Smiley: Well, Ill tell you what, what I can tell you is that in the first quarter compared to the fourth quarter were probably hurt by about $3 million from topline down to the bottom line.
Chris Quilty  Raymond James: Okay. All right. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ajit Pai with Stifel Nicolaus.
Ajit Pai  Stifel Nicolaus: Yeah. Good morning.
Anders Gustafsson: Good morning.
Mike Smiley: Good morning.
Ajit Pai  Stifel Nicolaus: So, the two questions, I think the first one is more about the growth rate, so if youre just looking at you what the sort of secular drivers for growth are, in terms of penetration and also looking at a sort of, your share gains? In addition to that, are there any other drivers, which is, is there an eminent upgrade cycle that should be driving the whole market and that should provide an opportunity, within the next couple of years, or do we just based on analysis in our growth forecast on the base of how much share we expect Zebra to take and this capacity utilization, and expansion of your customers?
Anders Gustafsson: So, I think, we believe that theres still very good growth rate in the industry. It come from the few different areas, but first, if you look at the emerging markets, thats actually very largely underserved, market from AIDC perspective. There -- we followed the manufacturing customers into those regions but now as the rising middle class starts to want to do more shopping, retail. They expect better healthcare, they start using more transportation or logistics companies, more parcel companies. So as that being, the nuances I guess of their economies are actually theyre starting to use much more of our type of products and our type of solutions, and we see that as something thats going to continue for long time. In our more established markets like North America, Western Europe, weve been working hard on expanding into new verticals. We have healthcare as being one that weve worked on for a while and this has been our fastest growing vertical I think for the last several years. And we see opportunities to also work with other type of the partners like independent software vendors, system integrators to position ourselves higher up in the value chain to get, better access to new applications. And beyond that, also we see good opportunities for RFID to become really good contributors to overall business. It is a great technology which has lots of different use cases and I think we see more and retailers particularly to do pilots or start to do implementations, so we would expect that to also become a bigger part of our business going forward.
Ajit Pai  Stifel Nicolaus: Okay. So could you give us some a little more color on the RFID opportunity, you talked about, you said more pilots, as well as some deployment. So could you give us some color as to what as a percentage of revenue it is right now and what pace its growing at. And any sort of, whats really driving the change after the 2003, 2004 run up over there, the sluggish for a long time, but now what is driving that change?
Mike Terzich:  All right. Ajit, this is Mike Terzich. As far as the contribution to the business, RFID, the path of RFID side of our business is still relatively small. Growth rate in absolute terms has been quite nice. Whats driving the applications base today is principally at the store level, the tagging of what retailers would identify as a complex skill, right? So complexity can come in the form of sizes and color options on sweaters, you see it in the automotive centers of some of the retailers. And so what is happening is, a lot of this stuff is being tagged at the source of manufacturers, a lot of it is in the international markets, but by the time it makes its journey to the store level there is a percentage of those tags that are damaged, need to be replaced in the store. So, were seeing opportunities across some of the discount retail, as well as some of the specialty higher end retail organizations in the retagging through mobile devices. Secondly, there is an opportunity at the source depending on the garment manufacturers, the size and scale of those garment manufacturers. There is opportunity for a stationary tabletop printer and coders to be used in some service bureau applications to do the original tagging. So that is where the interest lies today and we see it as kind of a narrow set of applications, typically marking goods that are higher valued, or you look at sweaters, you look at shoes, tires, are all stuff that can support $0.10 RFID tag.
Ajit Pai  Stifel Nicolaus: So, would it be fair to say that right now its driving a lot of the sales for you and the interest is more at the item level than at the ballet level that was driving things in 03, 04?
Mike Terzich: Yeah. Its fair to say.
Ajit Pai  Stifel Nicolaus: Got it. And when you said its not material, would we say that its about 2% to 3% of your overall revenues or not even that much?
Mike Terzich: Its less than 5%.
Ajit Pai  Stifel Nicolaus: Less than 5%. Got it. And the second question would be just looking at the opportunities outside of your traditional businesses and also in your traditional businesses what the competitive dynamics are. So, has there been any change during this slowdown, youve had a consolidating competitor, youve had though become, acquire more businesses that are broadly related, youve had some other changes in the industry as well? So, has there been any change in terms of pricing or in terms of competitive intensity in your core business and in new business in terms of acquisitions or are you seeing a richer pipeline of potential opportunities?
Anders Gustafsson: Thats one question.
Mike Terzich: Lot of comments in that question. So, okay, lets, a couple of things, change -- there are some changing dynamics. I would say this, when we went through the economic cycle of 09 and early 10, I think two things have happened that have benefited Zebra to a certain extent. One is that, at the end-user level, I think it was an opportunity for end users to look at cleaning house and consolidating some of their vendor choices, some of their supplier choices. And I think when that happens typically the stronger branded products tend to do well and I think we picked up some business at an end user level where they have standardized on Zebra as a technology platform across their business. That same phenomenon occurs at the channel level as well. So, when you look at what happens in the broader channel ecosystem. I think channel partners go through a little bit of that same inventory. They say, boy, can we consolidate some of our vendors, simplify our business and because of our long standing high-quality reputation in the marketplace. I think we picked up some competitive partner relationships that have helped us to gain some of the share that Anders noted earlier. As far as changing dynamics, theres a couple things that are interesting in the marketplace. One, financial services, right. This is an area particularly supportive of the rising middle class. We talked about that earlier. But in areas outside the United States, principally in Latin America, South America, were seeing a lot of interest for the instant issuance of bank cards, debit cards, credit cards, right. Theres a lot of reasons why that is of interest, principally because theres a lot of mail fraud, a lot of security issues with mailing credit cards with folks that now have a higher disposable income. The banks have figured out that, they could print those at the bank branch, give it to the customer directly, so they avoid a security risk and then that customer literally leaves the bank and walks around the corner and starts using their credit card, so they like that, they like that aspect. So Zebras card product line is playing quite nicely into those opportunities. And then the last that I think is worth mentioning is, we are seeing some resurgence in North America. Weve had two good quarters in a row principally built off of some refresh of our installed base which is in the manufacturing warehouse sector and we are seeing a little bit of automotive supply chain come back. I think some of the domestic automotive manufacturers have announced expansion of their capacity primarily to support export demand thats coming from some of this rising middle class elsewhere. So this is good for Zebra, because our extended supply chain in automotive goes -- is very rich and it tends to be a composite of product that is our higher margin heavier industrial product so.
Anders Gustafsson: Yeah. Ajit, just to augment that in a couple of ways. First, I think we feel very good about our strategic positioning. So, I think, some of perspective of how, whats going on strategically or competitively in industry, we feel we are very well-placed, very well-positioned to be able to continue to compete well and extend our lead in the industry. And we have over last few years made a number of very prudent investments which paid off very well into 2010, 2011 period, and they have not fully yielded all the results yet. So we expect to see further good results from those investments in 2012. Were confident that we have gained share in the industry over the last couple of years and we fully expect that we will continue to extend our leadership position as we go forward.
Ajit Pai  Stifel Nicolaus: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Marty Moser with Northwestern Mutual.
Marty Moser  Northwestern Mutual: Hi. Most of my questions have been answered, but I guess if you could provide some commentary on Latin America push out and visibility going into next year? And then sort of the Asia-Pac, how things have looked post Chinese New Year?
Mike Terzich: Marty, Ill take that. Okay. As far as Latin America goes, what happened a bit in the fourth quarter, we actually had, our business, we have three sub regions within Latin America. Its basically Brazil, Mexico and everything in the Southern cone, so to speak. Our business in Mexico and Brazil was good. It was a little softer, as Anders mentioned, relative to Brazil and some of the foreign exchange issues that tend to kind of govern the pace of business a bit. In the Southern cone, we were a bit softer. So the outlook for that business rolled off into Q1. Outlook for Q1 is, we expect to see a nice rebound in the Latin America business. Its really just a speed bump a little bit in the road and I do think that when we look at the project pipeline, principally centered around Brazil and Mexico, things look pretty healthy. So, were pretty confident well see improved performance in Latin America in Q1. Asia, the issue as Anders noted was the multinational manufacturing business in China and a little bit of industrial manufacturing in other places like Korea, which is also a heavy industrial region for us as well. That was a bit softer and that was principally driven by export demand, which I think is in some ways tied to some of the Thai flooding people had and an inability to produce their own goods. The contract manufacturers, as Anders mentioned, pulled back a little harder. Chinese New Year was earlier this year in January, so January was pretty much what we expected it to be in Asia. Weve seen some nice rebound as people have come back online in February. And our expectation again for Asia, is that Asia will rebound from the softer Q4 that we saw.
Marty Moser  Northwestern Mutual: Thanks. I guess, if I could follow-up the North America business perked up a little bit, what sort of the visibility on the pipeline for next year there?
Anders Gustafsson: Yeah. Well, we had a great Q4 in North America, followed by a very strong Q3. So, the second half of North America, we felt very good about. We have previously said, weve developed very robust strategy for how were going to continue to drive the growth in North America and I feel thats starting to work for us and weve invested in more strategic sales competencies to be able to be closer to our largest accounts, and really understand their needs better, and make sure we have the right products available at the right time for them. We also continue to work more closely with a number of the ICs and system integrators to position ourselves higher up in the value chain for some of these accounts. And all of these things are starting to bear fruit for us. So, we had a very strong run rate in North America, augmented by, I would say, a normal large deal activity and when we look at the Q1, we see this being a kind of a normal transition to Q1. Our pipeline is healthy and growing, and were winning good business. So we expect that 2012 will be a solid year for North America.
Marty Moser  Northwestern Mutual: Thanks.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Keith Housum with Northcoast Research.
Keith Housum  Northcoast Research: Good morning, gentlemen. Looking at your SG&A for the quarter, understandably its high and part of that is due to the $2 million in the Partner Conference, but you back away the $2 million and still considerably higher from sequentially third quarter and last year fourth quarter, and I believe you guys mentioned higher insurance costs is being a part of that component, as well as additional investment in resources. I was hoping maybe you spend a little time on that insurance cost comment and then perhaps, how we should look at that going forward into 2012?
Mike Terzich: Yeah. Let me just give you a little more color there. So, we had, as you mentioned, we did have that offsite meeting which is more of a one-time occurrence. And as Andres was talking about Mike has been working on, we have been trying to build our relationships with our ISVs and partners, and so our market development spending, business development has gone up from the prior quarter. We also had -- the insurance item is really more of a health insurance item and we are for the most part except some apps we are pretty self-insured. So, to the extend to the, its tough to predict what that spend is going to be for insurance until we can sort of guess what peoples health is going to be, but that was just up and we cant really guess that real well.
Keith Housum  Northcoast Research: So, part of that, I guess, say, $2 million increased quarter-over-quarter, would half of that be to the insurance component?
Mike Smiley: Probably about $0.25 of it or so.
Keith Housum  Northcoast Research: Okay. And then for the rest youre assuming business development and investing in the resources?
Mike Smiley: Yeah. Exactly.
Keith Housum  Northcoast Research: Okay. Okay. Thank you.
Mike Terzich: And again, I would say that were looking, were investing in this stuff, because we feel confident this stuff is going to pay off in the long run and thats I think something were excited about.
Keith Housum  Northcoast Research: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Greg Halter with Great Lakes Review.
Greg Halter  Great Lakes Review: Oh! Yeah. Good morning, guys.
Anders Gustafsson: Good morning.
Mike Smiley: Good morning.
Greg Halter  Great Lakes Review: Just looking at your other income for the year about $1.9 million I guess on average cash of $293 million cash and investments works out to I think 0.6% or so. Obviously, the rates are not very high out there. Just wondered what your thoughts are relative to a dividend, as well as a more aggressive share repurchase given the fact that theres over $6 a share in cash.
Anders Gustafsson: Well, first on, Ill start with kind of the use of cash for us and how we think for that and we have -- in 2011, we were quite aggressive on buying back sort of [1.4 million] shares and we spend a $160 million to buyback a lot of shares, 4 million -- 4.4 million shares. So, weve all along stated that our strategy is to be opportunistic and somewhat price sensitive. So we stepped up our activities a lot in Q3 when the share price was trending down. We put out back a little bit in Q4 when the share price kind of came back quite strongly. And we think that thats a good strategy for us. Most investors we talked with they feel thats a good use for us to or a good way for us to return capital to shareholders. So we expect that to be the predominant way for us to continue to do this. And I think it has paid good dividends for us so far, its been a good way for us to really accelerate EPS growth for us. Mike, is there anything else do you want to say?
Mike Smiley: No. I just think we have returned a lot of cash to our shareholders and I think thats something we will look at all our opportunities for investing cash in a risk-adjusted return and last year we saw it to be very attractive.
Greg Halter  Great Lakes Review: All right. And another one for you quickly, sales to ScanSource either in the quarter or the year as a percent of the total?
Anders Gustafsson: Yeah. That was around, well, our -- let me just put it this way, sales to our largest shareholder was around
Mike Smiley: Vendor.
Anders Gustafsson: Vendor. Yeah. We have been selling to shareholders, sorry. Largest vendor was around 20% as I recall.
Greg Halter  Great Lakes Review: Thats for the year, I presume?
Anders Gustafsson: Yeah.
Greg Halter  Great Lakes Review: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our next question comes for the Tim Mulrooney with William Blair.
Tim Mulrooney  William Blair: Good morning, gentlemen.
Anders Gustafsson: Good morning, Tim.
Mike Smiley: Hi, Tim.
Tim Mulrooney  William Blair: My question is around your healthcare vertical. Just wondering what percent of sales is healthcare today and maybe how fast is that growing? And then, are there any recent business wins or developments related to healthcare product?
Anders Gustafsson: All right. Tim, Ill take that. As far as, the size of the business, it is principally centered today in North America and in Europe, and a lot of the business has been in the area of patient safety. As far as disclosing how big it is, we typically dont do that. It is a business though that I would say is, its less than 10% of our business. But it is growing rapidly and principally off of the need at the bed side level and at the hospital level to introduce more technology to improve that patient safety initiative. What makes it an interesting space for us is that it -- were seeing great success of our HC100, which is a very specific design solution for the printing of wristbands. And that wristband is printed in the form of a -- through a cartridge making it for easy operator use at the desk level for the nurses stations, et cetera. And we enjoy 100% of the attach rate for those wristbands that run through those devices. Weve seen that now in the form of the mandates that have went through some of the U.K. to increase the use of patient, automated patient identification and were seeing more adaption in the United States. In essence, I think as the other global markets mature a bit and as the economies continue to improve where the consumers are going to put more demand on some health reform in parts of Asia, parts of Latin America, we see this kind of working its way across the globe, so we like where were positioned.
Tim Mulrooney  William Blair: Thats great color. Thank you. And if I could just ask one more, I think in your guidance for the first quarter, did you say that FX would have a $3 million impact on the top and bottom line or did you just say topline, could you just clarify please?
Mike Smiley: Yeah. So, effectively what the source of the FX impact is primarily, we sell in Europe a portion of our European sales in euros and so that gets converted back to U.S. dollars. And so effectively that difference in FX rate just flows all the way through, for the most part with some euro expenses, but it mostly flows through all the way to the bottom. So when you look at it, its roughly $3 million impact to both the topline and pretty much the bottom line.
Tim Mulrooney  William Blair: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Anders Gustafsson: Yeah.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Rick Johnson with [Tieg].
Rick Johnson  Tieg: Yeah. Thanks. I was on the same current issue. When you say bottom line, do you mean operating income or net income?
Mike Smiley: Well, the operating income and then you tax effect it.
Rick Johnson  Tieg: Okay. Just wanted to make sure, youre talking about operating income. And that is sequential
Mike Smiley: Yeah.
Rick Johnson  Tieg: youre talking about a sequential, yeah, right.
Mike Smiley: Yeah.
Rick Johnson  Tieg: Year-over-year is that about the same?
Mike Smiley: Yeah. Its about the same.
Rick Johnson  Tieg: Okay. And youre using an assumption of a euro for Q1 of what in that cal -- assumption of $3 million?
Mike Smiley: Generally the current sort of spot rate.
Rick Johnson  Tieg: Okay. All right. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Keith Curtis with Brant Point Capital.
Keith Curtis  Brant Point Capital: Yeah. Hi. I was just wondering what share count you guys were assuming in your guidance and also you referred to the industry growth rate that you guys are going to be able to grow faster than that. Im just curious how you quantify the industry growth rate? Thank you.
Mike Smiley: Let me the answer the first one because that is mechanical. Its basically flat with where we ended the quarter. There is a little bit of a change but not much. Thats sort of how we do the number. Its not meant to be an indicator on our share of buyback.
Keith Curtis  Brant Point Capital: Yeah.
Anders Gustafsson: And when we talk about industry growth rates, we tend to refer back to AIDC as the independent industry consultants that predict about 6% to maybe 7% growth rate for the industry, off memory now and but a 6%, maybe up to 7%.
Keith Curtis  Brant Point Capital: Thank you.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) And there are no further questions at in the queue at this time.
Anders Gustafsson: Okay. With that, we want to thank you for joining us today. Id like to let you know that our next regularly scheduled conference call, which will be for the first quarter will be on April 27th, so that is a Friday. The reason we are doing it on a Friday morning is because of various schedules, but just to let you know it is on April 27th. And also to remind you, we want to remind you about our Analyst Day coming up on February 22nd and either you could join us in person. Let us know if youd like to attend or we will be webcasting. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This does conclude todays conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-11-08 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Anders Gustafsson  Chief Executive Officer Mike Smiley  Chief Financial Officer Mike Terzich  Senior Vice President, Global Sales and Marketing Doug Fox  Vice President, Investor Relations
Analysts: Brian Drab  William Blair Paul Coster  JPMorgan Ajit Pai  Stifel Nicolaus Tony Kure  KeyBanc Andrew Abrams  Avian Securities Jason Rodgers - Great Lakes Review John Barta - Northcoast Research Chris Quilty  Raymond James
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Zebra Technologies 2011 Third Quarter Earnings Release Conference Call. Joining us from Zebra Technologies are Anders Gustafsson, CEO; Mike Smiley, CFO; Mike Terzich, Senior Vice President, Global Sales and Marketing, and Doug Fox, Vice President, Investor Relations. All lines will be in a listen-only mode until after todays presentation. Instructions will be given at that time in order to ask a question. At the request of Zebra Technologies, this conference call is being recorded. Should anyone have any objections, please disconnect at this time. At this time, I would like to introduce Mr. Doug Fox of Zebra Technologies. Sir, you may begin.
Doug Fox  Vice President, Investor Relations: Good morning. Thank you for joining us today. Certain statements made on this call will relate to future events or circumstances, and therefore will be forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as expect, believe, and anticipate are a few examples of words identifying forward-looking statements. Forward-looking information is subject to various risks and uncertainties, which could significantly affect expected results. Risk factors were noted in the news release issued this morning and are also described in Zebras 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2010 which is on file with the SEC. Now, let me turn the call over to Anders Gustafsson for some brief opening remarks.
Anders Gustafsson  Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Doug, and good morning, everyone. Today, Zebra reported record third results with strong execution across the board. This performance represents our fifth consecutive quarter of sequential growth in earnings from continuing operations and our ninth quarter of sequential sales growth. For the third quarter, we achieved earnings of $0.84 per share, including a record $0.64 per share from continuing operations and a gain of $0.20 per share on the sale of proveo. Our results for the quarter underscore the success of our investments to diversify our business by entering new high growth geographies and verticals, expanding our customer base, broadening and deepening our partner channel, and developing innovative products and solutions. Zebra scaled multiple competitive advantages and growing industry leadership support these strategic investments. These investments have yielded solid results and have strengthened our long-term growth opportunities. Our revenues increased 10% year-over-year to a record $253 million. All regions performed at high levels. We penetrated more deeply into targeted verticals as a result of successful strategies to take share and further diversify our customer base. Tabletop and desktop printers set new sales records and our card printers experienced improved traction as a direct result of our engineering efforts to strengthen and innovate in this important product line. In addition, new printer products targeted at opportunities in emerging markets gained momentum. We further strengthened operating leverage based on a solid gross margin and modest expense growth. We also took advantage of the beneficial stock price to accelerate repurchases by buying back 1.8 million shares. I would now like to provide an overview of the highlights for the quarter by region. In North America, sales increased 2.4% year-over-year and 8.4% sequentially, an increase in large deal activity complemented an ongoing solid run-rate business through distribution. Larger sales included shipments of our recently introduced QLn wireless mobile printers to retail customers, which are used for price markdowns and other in-store applications. We also won new deals with a number of customers in manufacturing and small package delivery. Card shipments included sales of our innovative P330i RFID card printer to put a lot of ski resource for season passes which helps speed lift lines and provide valuable information to skiers. North America also benefited from sales of location solutions, the customers in the automotive, retail, aerospace and postal industries. Our focus, attention and capacity to invest in strengthening our product offerings resulting in expanded sales opportunities. Our large deals in North America was spread across a range of retail and non-retail customers. This quarters performance reflect the success of our diversification efforts and take share activities across multiple dimensions. In addition, channel partners had confirmed that Zebra products are winning a growing share of their business and the strength of our value proposition including the industries leading channel programs and broadest product line. System integrators and the dependent software vendors increasing the Zebras innovative product, thats an important part of the solutions they put together for end users. Asia-Pacific led our international regions with 21% growth. The third quarter was the six consecutive quarter of record revenues for that region. Contributions to this growth came from several sub regions and verticals. Shipments to retail customers, supported growth in Australia and Zebra high performance printers fulfilled strong demand for manufacturing customers in China and Korea. We also had solid result in India, as we have focused increasing investments in this important emerging market. Throughout the Asia-Pacific region, our growing business with retail customers is fueled by the growing consumption of goods and services. Asia-Pacific region is also seeing greater interest in RFID and location solutions. Recent installations include a leading regional bank, which is relying on Zebra Solutions to track IT assets. In addition, the location of subway police in a major Chinese city is now being monitored with the help of Zebra High Precision Ultra-Wideband products. In Latin America, consistent business throughout the quarter delivered solid 16% growth over last year. Improved regional sales coverage lead to shipments of card printers for on demand credit card printing in Venezuela, as well as mobile printers for beverage distribution and table top printers for higher manufacturing activity in Mexico. In EMEA, sales in the third quarter increased 15% on continued strength in Germany from its manufacturing sector as well as Spain, the Middle-East and Scandinavia. Our run rate business remained firm for the quarter. A critical element to Zebras execution is the strength and vitality of its global channel network. Shortly after the end of the third quarter, we hosted our global partner conference were more than 500 distributors, VARs, ISVs and system integrators from 60 countries attended. This forum is an important investment in developing stronger relationships with our global channel partners. And that helped us to achieve greater alignment around common goals. The diversity of our company across multiple dimensions continues to provide a strong foundation to Zebras ongoing pursuit of shareholder value creation. Zebras third quarter results demonstrate the value of this diversity and the growing impact of our capital deployment in product innovation, geographic reach and channel development. We have been able to benefit from our continued financial strength to gain share by penetrating targeted verticals more deeply and extending the range of potential business opportunities with a broader set of high value products and solutions. This increased diversity as well as our financial strength moderates the impact of possible effect of an uncertain economic environment for Zebra. Today Zebra is well-positioned with more sales representation in high growth regions, a fuller, more innovative product line, or robust strategic plan for North America and stronger more engaged market channels. These enhanced capabilities enable us to meet more of our global customers needs. Id now like to turn the call over to our CFO, Mike Smiley to provide a detailed review of third quarter results and guidance for the fourth quarter of 2011. After Mikes remarks, I will return for some brief closing comments.
Mike Smiley  Chief Financial Officer: Thank you, Anders. Let me highlight some of the key components of Zebras results for the third quarter. My comments will principally focus on year-over-year changes in the performance of Zebras continuing operations which have been adjusted for the sale of Navis in the first quarter of this year and prevailed in the third quarter. First, sales came in at the upper end of our guidance range on a sequential pick-up in North America and broad strength in international regions. Sales growth in emerging markets increased 16%. Second, gross margin was up 1.2 percentage points on lower component costs and favorable foreign exchange rate, partially offset by a less favorable product mix. Third, operating leverage pushed profitability higher with lower growth in operating expenses. And fourth, we accelerated our buyback program with the repurchase of 1.8 million shares of stock. Lets review sales. For the quarter, sales increased 10% from $230 million last year to a record $253 million. On a constant currency basis, sales increased 8%. By region, performance in North America stood out, up 2.4% from last years strong performance, but up 8.4% from the second quarter of this year. As Anders mentioned, North America benefited from continued strong run rate, complemented by a pick-up in large deal activity. The sales results demonstrate the success of our customer diversification and take-share strategies. We are pleased with the progress were making on further strengthening Zebras formidable position in North America. More than any other region, North American sales are influenced by large deal shipments in any given quarter and will exhibit higher levels of volatility. Asia-Pacific sales advanced 21% to another quarterly record. Broader sales coverage aided growth in several sub-regions to customers in retail, manufacturing and government with particular strength in tabletop and desktop printers and supplies. Latin American sales, up 16% also maintain growth with sales to customers in financial services, utilities and retail among others. Desktop card and tabletop performed particularly well in the region. In EMEA, shipments of desktop, tabletop and kiosk parts led to the regions 15% growth. On a constant currency basis, the region sales increased 7% on continued strength in Germany, Spain, Middle East and Scandinavia, but with some softness in Italy, the U.K. and Eastern Europe. By product category, hardware sales were up 10% on this strength of several printer product lines plus aftermarket parts. Supply sales increased 13%. Consolidated gross margin of 48.8% was 1.2 percentage points higher from a year ago and is the upper end of our guidance range. As expected, gross margin was down 0.8 percentage points from the second quarter, largely from a favorable movement in freight charges, foreign exchange and mix. Operating expenses increased 8% from a year ago, but were down slightly from the second quarter to provide operating leverage in the P&L. Third quarter results include approximately $3.8 million in costs for some component supply constraints related to the Japan catastrophe in the form of higher component costs, rebates, and freight charges. These expenses were slightly below our expectations. We expect these higher charges to continue in the fourth quarter after which they should abate. We do not expect any material disruption or higher costs associated with the recent flooding in Thailand. Taken together, we generated 21% improvement in operating income with an operating margin of 19.3%, up from 17.5% a year ago. Adding back $5.8 million in depreciation and amortization to the $48.9 million in operating income totaled $54.7 million of cash earnings or 21.6% of sales, up from 20% last year. The income tax rate for the third quarter was 28.8%, which was in line with our guidance and expectations. GAAP EPS from containing operations were record $0.64 per share on 53.6 million average shares outstanding. At the end of the second quarter, we had 52.6 million shares outstanding. Third quarter results also include a net gain of $10.8 million or $0.20 per share recognized on the sale of proveo. The gain was principally generated from recognition upon the sale of a tax deduction on the impairment previously taken on the business. Similar to Navis, which we sold in March, proveo did not fit well with our long-term business strategy. In third quarter we bought that 1.8 million shares of Zebra stock. The weighted average price of the purchases was $35.06 per share. These purchases bring year-to-date total number of shares purchased to 3.9 million shares returning $1.46 million to shareholders. The day sales outstanding increased slightly from 50 days for the second to 52 days. Inventory turns increased from 4.2 times to 4.4 times for the third quarter, even as inventories increased 2.4 million from the second quarter. Quarterly free cash flow totaled $20.3 million for the third quarter, at the end of the quarter we had $299 million of cash investments on hand. Now, lets look our fourth quarter forecast. We are forecasting 2011 fourth quarter sales of $242 million to $255 million. This guidance reflects our concerned outlook given greater economic uncertainty particularly in Europe. Earnings from continuing operations are expected at $0.56 to $0.64 per share. Our forecast assumes a consolidated gross margin range of 47.5% to 48.5% from an expected unfavorable movement and foreign exchange rates, higher direct cost and a less favorable product mix. The quarter includes approximately $4 million impact from the Japan catastrophe as previously mentioned. GAAP operating expenses are forecast between $76 million and $78 million and include a one-time expense of $1.5 million for the global partner conference. The tax rate is estimated to be 26% also reflecting some one-time adjustments. That concludes my formal remarks. Thank you for your attention. Now here is Anders for some concluding comments.
Anders Gustafsson  Chief Executive Officer:  Thank you, Mike. Over the past several years, Zebra has continued to become a more resilient, more focused company, both financially and strategically. Our investments in infrastructure and market development have created the capacity for higher returns with a greater ability to meet more customer needs into the future.  Our global distribution and outsourcing model in which we invested through the last downturn has given us a more variable cost structure while improving gross margin in responsiveness to customer needs. At the same time, we increased Zebra sales coverage in targeted high growth regions such as China, Brazil, Turkey and India.  Today approximately 60% of Zebra sales are derived from international markets, compared with less than 50% only a few years ago. All of these targeted activities have also substantially strengthened Zebras operating leverage and has delivered more money to the bottom line. Our focus on capital return has also led us to accelerate stock buybacks. Since 2005, we have invested nearly three quarters of a billion dollars to reduce the number of Zebra shares outstanding by $20 million or 37%.  Zebras board of directors has recently authorized an additional 3 million shares for repurchase. Let me elaborate a bit more on our future direction. Looking ahead, we will continue to invest in building on our core competencies through product developments and channel management with initiatives that deliver the highest risk-adjusted returns.  On the product front, the cadence of new product development has increased and this year we are on target to introduce at least a dozen innovative printer products and other identification solutions that enable our customers to make smarter decisions through greater visibility into their operations and supply chains. 
 : The flexible user interface built into our QLn mobile printer, enables easy user customization and is an effective bridge into new retail applications, where customization had previously been a barrier. And our line of low priced printer products introduced earlier this year for emerged markets give Zebra a high growth platform in value-based printing applications.  Most recently we announced an important product development in our line of location solutions. Last week, we introduced the WhereLAN III Location Sensor for use in real-time locations systems, which give customers more precise accuracy down to one meter as well as a lower total cost of ownership. These benefits are applicable to wide range of industries, such as automotive, shipping, and distribution. Geographic expansion and channel development also remain keystones to our continued growth and we will focus on extending Zebras geographic reach in underserved regions. In addition, further developments of relationships with system integrators and independent software vendors, which are complementary to our traditional VAR channel, better position Zebra to serve larger organizations with more complex global supply chain needs. Zebra is increasingly viewed as a strategic business partner as the value of our unmatched portfolio of products and solutions is helping our customers gain visibility into their operations by giving their assets a digital voice. Zebra has identified many important opportunities to further invest to extend leadership and deliver profitable growth. We will continue to deploy our resources, where they can earn the highest risk-adjusted returns. In addition to maintaining investments, supporting organic growth, we will carefully consider appropriate acquisition opportunities as they arise. First and foremost, we will continue to invest in our business as appropriate and we will continue to remain agile and responsive. This concludes our prepared remarks and I thank you for your attention this morning. Id now like to turn the call over to Doug for Q&A.
Doug Fox  Vice President, Investor Relations: Thank you, Anders. Before we open the call to your questions, let me ask that you limit yourself to one question and one follow-up. In addition, Mike and I will be available after the call for any further discussions. Operator, we could take the Q&A now.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Brian Drab with William Blair.
Doug Fox: Hey, Brian.
Anders Gustafsson: Hi, Brian.
Brian Drab  William Blair: First question, just on the divestiture of proveo and at this point do you have any other plans for the other companies that are part of the former ZES, particularly WhereNet?
Anders Gustafsson: No. When we first announced the Navis divestment, we put some other operations in discontinued operations and that was really proveo. So, with the sale of proveo, we no longer have anything else sitting in discontinued operations and no plans for further divestments.
Brian Drab  William Blair: Question is to WhereNet, on the RFID space in general, can you give us an update on the growth area? I think it was about this time last year when we talked about significant sales to retail customer and I think the highest level of sales youve seen in RFID in the Companys history, how is that progressing at this point?
Mike Terzich: So, I think the part what you might be referring to is probably a passive RFID into a retail customer last year. I think there was a passive RFID opportunity.
Brian Drab  William Blair: Right. Im just saying RFID in general. I understand its so different.
Mike Terzich: Okay. Yes. So, first on passive RFID, we continue to see good growth opportunities in passive RFID. It is still somewhat smaller part of our overall business, so its bit more lumpy. But we see good opportunities to continue to expand passive RFID applications into a number of industries. So, far retail has been the largest customer allows for this and from a passive RFID prospect is holding and so forth. And on the active RFID side, we continue to expand the industries we serve and the customers we have. We had nice growth this year. This quarter we talked about some new applications in emerging markets in Asia around; one, is attract police officers in the subway to ensure that they always can see where they are, and we have another one around tracking IT assets. We also do an animal tracking, livestock tracking in Europe. So, you can see its aerospace in the U.S. So, its getting to be a pretty comprehensive list of applications in industries that we serve.
Brian Drab  William Blair: Okay, thank you and congratulations on a solid quarter.
Mike Terzich: Thank you.
Anders Gustafsson: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from Paul Coster with JPMorgan.
Paul Coster  JPMorgan: Yes, thank you. Just housekeeping-wise, can Mike just so disclose what the revenues associated with proveo were on a quarterly basis? However, my main question is really, with EMEA specifically in mind, but also sort of government customers as well. Can you just talk to us about the most recent order trends and your preliminary thoughts as we approach 2012?
Mike Terzich: So, your first question was related to revenue per proveo, which is very, very small, but it would have been reflected in discontinued operations, so youre not going to see that in the continuing operations P&L. 
Paul Coster  JPMorgan: Okay.
Mike Terzich: But I think you had a second part of that question that was more broadly across the business. Could you repeat that?
Paul Coster  JPMorgan: Yeah, so, with Europe and the government sector in mind, there obviously the biggest risk across geographies and verticals. What are your preliminary thoughts as we head into 2012? Do you believe that we can  well see growth out of the Company and have you any specific comments regarding the most recent order trends in those segments or geographies?
Anders Gustafsson: So thats a pretty broad question here, but well give it a go. First, Id go back and talk, I think about our  what we see as our really strong competitive position, very strong strategic position that we built up over the last several years. We have strong results, strong growth that weve seen over the last couple of years also here, and weve been able to continue to extend our leadership, gain more market share in the industry. And weve done this in good times and in more challenging times so, our business model kind of works for us in that respect. And we particularly, were fortunate in our applications, our value propositions; they do work in good times and in bad times. In good times, companies are expanding by building more factories or opening more stores. In tougher times, its more focused on driving efficiencies and our equipment has a very short and very definite payback time. So, we see good opportunities to continue to do well in, irrespective of the economic environment, but obviously we prefer a more positive environment than not. And specifically to Europe, we think its a bit early to give you a real good sense of what 2012 is going to look like, but we, in Q3 as an indication at least, saw solid strength, solid growth in most  all of Europe was up 15% or 16%. We saw great growth in Germany, Scandinavia, France, Middle East, but we did see some weakness in countries like Italy, Greece  but thats a very, very small part of our business, and the U.K. So, its obviously a little more uncertain as far as the outlook in Europe, but we continue to invest in our business to make sure that we position ourselves for the best possible long-term outcomes and we see continued number of good opportunities for us to invest in and to gain share and to make sure we do the right things to build the business for the long-term.
Paul Coster  JPMorgan: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ajit Pai with Stifel Nicolaus.
Ajit Pai  Stifel Nicolaus: Yeah, good morning and congratulation on a very solid quarter.
Mike Terzich: Thank you, Ajit.
Anders Gustafsson: Thank you, Ajit.
Ajit Pai  Stifel Nicolaus: Yeah, a couple of quick question I want to made, the one question and then the one follow-up. But just looking at your guidance for the December quarter, I go back and look at Zebras history and only twice I think in the past 15 years have you actually had result for the December quarter thats below sequentially relative to the September quarter, I think in 2008 and then back in 2000. So just given your positive commentary, I just wanted to ask whether youre seeing something in your business conditions right now that is making you as cautious as those peers, which are almost unprecedented or are you just being overly cautious given the headline that youre reading in the newspaper?
Anders Gustafsson: We still believe that we have good opportunities in Q4 and particularly looking at the momentum weve been able to build through the year and into Q3, where we had very, very strong performance and our competitive position is as strong I think as it ever been. So, we feel very good about that. We do read the same headlines as you do. Clearly, there is uncertainty out there. Our customers read the same headlines too. So I think perhaps it's prudent for us to have a slightly more cautious outlook to the fourth quarter. Some of the specific thinks though will be around Europe. Now also in North America, retail tends to be strongest in Q3. Our retailers tend to go into more execution mode in Q4 to prepare themselves for the Christmas season. And also Asia tends to have its strongest quarter in the third quarter, that's for the entire year. So, I think the traditional seasonality that we've seen over maybe for long time are getting a little bit more muted.
Ajit Pai  Stifel Nicolaus: Right, but there is nothing in your business conditions right now outside of DC is now really changing over the period of time because of your business mix in terms of geography and end markets. There is nothing that has made you, you are being more cautious than what your business conditions suggest based on the headline is that fair?
Anders Gustafsson:  Yeah. Some other things nave towards high level be FX. FX has been a little lower and bit more volatile, but those are kind of in the margin. So, we feel good about where we are with the business and our competitiveness is very good. But we just want to make sure that we don't get up.
Ajit Pai  Stifel Nicolaus:  Got it. And then in your prepared remarks, you talked about the priorities of cash for the Company and that you're going to be buying back shares. You also are looking at potential acquisitions as they become available. Could you give us some color as to how that acquisition environment has changed especially with the broader economy showing signs of slowing down? Whether we can expect a greater number of acquisitions over the next 12 to 18 months and what the rough nature of these acquisitions are likely to be?
Anders Gustafsson:  That's a tough question because it's more based on individual companies and then we're not that ferocious acquirer that has some several deals a quarter. So, it's more specific to the individual companies that would be of interest to us than it is on the overall environment. But I'd say, generally speaking, it tends to be that more deals get done at the top of the market and at the bottom of the market. So I don't think that's going to be that that many new deals will get done in the next year for us or the industry. But we do continue to look at acquisitions as a way of strengthening our business and take advantage of our strong financial strength. The first filter is to make sure its a good strategic fit that it does augment and benefit our traditional core business and enhance our capabilities in that area. The second filter is around our financial metrics and make sure that its something that that adds value to the business as we go forward. As far as the size and so forth, it may be closer and acquisition target will be to our core business. The really more confident we will be to put a bit more money to work and something that's a bit more adjacent to us, we would be much more cautious to about how much money we would put to work there.
Mike Smiley: I think certainly in the press release we mentioned, we have authorization for another 3 million shares for buyback. And as we said in the past, we view ourselves to be more aggressive in buying back shares when we think that the price is more attractive. And so obviously 1.8 million shares, I think that's meant, hopefully investors look at that and sort of see that as opportunistic with a good value in the market for us, thats why we bought as much. I dont know it will always be as aggressive depending upon where the valuations are.
Ajit Pai  Stifel Nicolaus: Got it. Okay, thank you and congratulations on a very solid quarter. Thank you.
Anders Gustafsson: Thank you.
Operator:  Your next question is from Tony Kure with KeyBanc.
Tony Kure  KeyBanc: Good morning gentlemen, how are you today.
Anders Gustafsson: Great, and thanks Tony.
Tony Kure  KeyBanc: Good, just wondering if you could maybe breakdown on the growth side of the equation. Have you ever been able to estimate how much growth that you're getting comes from market share gains versus what the market is growing? I would expect there is more market share gains in Asia, but maybe I am wrong on that. Could you, maybe talk a little bit by region what is market share gains versus end demand growing?
Anders Gustafsson: It's really very difficult for us to quantify how much is market share gain versus market growth, we cannot. We spend a lot of effort trying to grow the market. And I would say in Asia-Pac, our growth is probably mostly from growing the market, but market share gains are probably more prevalent in the more mature markets where you have more established companies. But I'm going to refrain from trying to speculate about, how much of this is actual market share gain versus market growth gain.
Tony Kure  KeyBanc: Okay. Just to sort of follow-up on that, given the high growth potential in India, Russia, China that we have been talking about, can you maybe gauge or take a shot at the market sizes, the addressable market sizes for Zebra in those emerging markets and your penetration rate their versus the size of the European market and the size of the North American market?
Anders Gustafsson: I dont have any of those numbers with me here. So, I think I will  we can probably take that offline if you like, but the overall market size in a place like India say or Russia, which are fast growing high potential ones today though is much, much smaller than the actual business volume that you get in Europe.
Mike Terzich: Right. And Tony, this is Mike Terzich, let me just add a point to Anders point here, which is when you look outside the U.S. and Western Europe and you look in the emerging market in general, the penetration of the technology is at very low levels of adoption and you got two factors that are kind of coming into play. One is the advancing of multinational manufacturing in the region and the creation of middle-class consumption, right, which is then feeding the retail side in those emerging regions. So, the business takes on a little bit different shape. It starts with a foundation of manufacturing distribution which is core to the company and then we get the added benefit of the retail expansion as people there are looking for efficient ways to serve their customer base. So, from a penetration standpoint, its very lightly penetrated in some of those markets and there are very large populations of people and so the upside opportunity for us is pretty significant.
Tony Kure  KeyBanc: Okay, great. If I can really just squeeze in one more operational, just Andy what was the operating profit impact for OpEx during the quarter?
Anders Gustafsson: The operating profit impact we had about $4 million.
Tony Kure  KeyBanc: Okay, thank you.
Anders Gustafsson: Yeah.
Operator: Your next question comes from Andrew Abrams with Avian Securities.
Andrew Abrams  Avian Securities: Hi. Just a couple quick ones, can you kind of walk us through any changes that you might see in the mix for fourth quarter or are things going to stay roughly the same mix wise or I mean I know it varies from quarter-to-quarter. Can you give us some guidance there?
Mike Terzich: Sure, Andrew, this is Mike Terzich. The fourth quarter what we expect to see and Anders had made this comment earlier is that the retail business will be a little bit softer relative to deployment as they hunker down to serve the holiday season. So, well see less contribution from the retail space which tends to be more correlated to some of our mobile solutions. In the rest of the world, you are going to see pretty consistent performance relative to the mix that we have basically enjoyed over the last two or three quarters, which is distribution business in North America, manufacturing business in North America, the business in Asia, which is predominantly some of our tabletop, desktop product lines. We are going to continue to see contributions. So, when you net it all together, it doesnt materially look much different than what we have experienced albeit a little later in the retail with mobility.
Andrew Abrams  Avian Securities: Got it. And on the shortages side and maybe on the transportation cost side just any detail you can give there? Are you seeing any shortages on components and do you expect too in fourth quarter and on the transport side, at times things have been kind of rushed and not rushed, can you kind of give perspective there a little bit?
Mike Terzich: So, first on the components shortages we have highlighted the impact of the Japanese earthquake earlier and now all products are back to full manufacturing. So, we had the last big components that was on short supply on long lead times become readily available basically at the end of the third quarter. So, we are now just basically catching up on some of the inventory position. We are shipping more of that to our distribution partners, but at this time we see no longer lead times, no particularly tightness in the supply chain from that perspective.
Mike Smiley: In regards to additional cost, I think I mentioned that in Q3 we had just short of $4 million of additional cost going to our P&L, of that roughly $2 million of it is for freight and we are effectively estimating Q4 to have that same elevated number. So, as we go into Q1 next year, we wont have those elevated costs in our P&L.
Andrew Abrams  Avian Securities: Got it. Thanks very much. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Jason Rodgers, Great Lakes Review.
Jason Rodgers  Great Lakes Review: Hi guys, looking at CapEx, I was wondering if you could provide an estimate for the year and the early thoughts for 2012?
Mike Smiley:  Yeah, we are sort of looking at CapEx being roughly for the, we are running right now year-to-date about $23 million, so we're talking about $30 million or so for the full year. I'm sorry, I apologize we are running about $18 million right now. So, we are probably going to be around $23 million or something like that when the year is over.
Jason Rodgers  Great Lakes Review:  Okay, and next year?
Mike Smiley: I couldnt tell you right now. Were you can imagine, we're like everyone else trying to put together our budget based on sort of current economic conditions, we're still in the middle of that.
Jason Rodgers  Great Lakes Review: Looking at your receivables and inventory, both year-over-year greater than sales increase. I wonder if you could just provide some thoughts there.
Mike Smiley: Yeah, a couple of things. One on the accounts receivable is our international sales growth which now Id say as we successfully grow that business, the terms are longer than they are in the U.S. so that causes a little bit of problem. We had a couple of customers that paid early in the fourth quarter.
Anders Gustafsson:  Second quarter.
Mike Smiley: Well, it paid early in the second quarter and they paid late into the fourth quarter, so they're exacerbated, so I wouldn't call that a problem per se. Inventories are primarily because as you're trying to work to the Japan catastrophe, you're trying to guess which products are going to sell and sometimes you guess long one way or the other, it's not a major trend, products are very saleable. We have a very good reserve on our balance sheet for that. So, I wouldnt look at the numbers and suggest its a trend of something. Its really just...
Anders Gustafsson:  We took advantage of basically interest rate costs are very low, and we had the cash. We felt it was good investment for us to keep more inventory on our shelves to be able to respond to varying demands and use that as a way of taking share, and I think it's worked well for us.
Jason Rodgers  Great Lakes Review: Finally, it looks like the opportunities at least presently are greater in the active RFID space and the passive. Do you see that changing at some point in the future with these tag cost coming down that at some point the passive may work the opportunity in the active for you guys?
Anders Gustafsson: We see both of them are being very attractive. I don't think people will say that one is substantially bigger than the other or so. And we see more of them becoming complementary, so that more solutions are weaving in a component of passive and active technology in the same solution. So, we think that active or both RFID technologies are going to be nice addition to our growth story.
Jason Rodgers  Great Lakes Review: Thank you very much.
Operator: 
 :
John Barta  Northcoast Research:  This is actually John Barta on the line for Keith. I just had a quick question on sales throughout the quarter. Could you just comment on the large and the small deals? Did you say that in North America you saw more large deals in the quarter?
Mike Terzich:  John, this is Mike Terzich. Well, it deferred by geographic region. I would say that in North America the quarter actually was pretty steady throughout, but we did pick up some momentum in the second half as we entered into the fourth quarter. Europe was a little bit different. It was typically the third quarter is the holiday season in Europe, and the front half of the quarter usually starts a little softer because of that. And the second half usually we see a surge and we didn't see the bounce-back to the degree that we've seen historically in the second half of the quarter which gave us a lift bit of which is somewhat reflected in the Q4 outlook as Anders had mentioned. And then, in the other regions, it was a nice steady state stream of business throughout, so we really didn't notice any shift in the demand patterns in Latin America or Asia-Pacific.
John Barta  Northcoast Research:  Okay. And then one follow-up, could you just comment on the large and the small deals? Did you say that North America you saw more large deals in the quarter?
Mike Terzich: We did, what actually what was good to see in North America is the diversity of our business in North America is stronger than in any other region and what was particularly pleasing for us was that retail deals in the quarter were really from some of the non-big-box retail accounts, and so it really helped in combination with some opportunities we saw in the mobility route space as well in the distribution and transportation space. So, it was a solid large deal quarter for us in Q3 in North America. And as we have mentioned, North America perhaps more than any other region for us is most susceptible to large deal activity and thats where you see a little bit more volatility quarter-to-quarter from that region, but it was very good for us in Q3.
Anders Gustafsson: Just in North America, our run rate business is probably about two-thirds of the revenues and deals are about one-third, so that really is the reason for why you see somewhat more volatility on a quarterly basis in our revenues.
John Barta  Northcoast Research: All right, thank you. Congrats on the quarter.
Anders Gustafsson: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Chris Quilty with Raymond James.
Chris Quilty  Raymond James: Good morning gentlemen. I guess I am going to follow up on an earlier question about the fourth quarter outlook, which going back I guess, 10 years or more Q4 was traditionally the strongest quarter of the year. Retailers didnt necessarily deploy equipment, but they spent their end of the year capital budget. And if I remember last year, Q4 was a little disappointing for you and it turned out Q3 was some relative strength? Do you think this is a new buying pattern by customers or is it specific to the economic environment we are in?
Anders Gustafsson: First, I think Q4 last year was a very good quarter. I dont think we saw any  we are certainly up from Q3. North America, I cant remember if thats the question specifically for North America, but generally, I would say, that the traditional quarterly seasonality that we have seen over many years is getting somewhat diluted as we get a more global business. So, Q3 tends to be the strongest quarter in Asia-Pacific. Europe tended to have a very weak Q3 historically, but where Western Europe take a lot of their vacations, but as we have expand our business into Eastern Europe and Middle East and Africa, the vacation pattern is not quite as pronounced there. So, they can smooth out the quarters a little bit more. And I think in this particular year, we also, I think, expect in that the historical kind of budget flush that you sometimes get in Q4 might be little lower than what we normally would see
Chris Quilty  Raymond James: Okay.
Anders Gustafsson: As companies are a little bit cautious about the outlook.
Chris Quilty  Raymond James: Yeah, I should have quantified, I did mean North America in specific. Also Q3, your revenues came up towards the high end of your guidance and again I might not have been able to define it from your statements, but where specifically did you see upside in terms of end markets relative to your expectations for the quarter?
Mike Terzich: I would say, Chris in the third quarter we had a strong North America performance. Asia was pretty much  Asia and Latin America were pretty much where we expected them to be and we did see a little bit of that softness in the second half of the quarter in EMEA that we mentioned earlier.
Chris Quilty  Raymond James: Okay. And I know you give this is in the 10-Q, but product versus service gross margins, were there any unusual trends there?
Mike Terzich: No.
Chris Quilty  Raymond James: And final question, ScanSource as a percent of sales?
Mike Smiley: It didnt change dramatically from the prior quarter, but why dont we continue on with the next question before we hang up. Ill share that wonderful number with you I got it in here.
Chris Quilty  Raymond James: Okay.
Operator: Your next question is from Paul Coster with JPMorgan.
Paul Coster  JPMorgan: Yeah, thank you. I know you have highly diversified, but do you have some sense of what revenues came from the government sector this quarter?
Mike Terzich: I think that we probably dont want to comment on that, because it is very difficult for us to know. Also, it depends on how you define government because it includes state and local government. That goes through different channels that arent necessarily government related, but we did have some attractive orders from various government-type entities. Even in Europe some nice postal wins in Europe this past quarter and postal business in the U.S. as well.
Mike Smiley: Just to make sure Chris doesnt feel like we dont love him, the customer A, which would be our largest customer was 22% of our revenue in this quarter, whereas a year ago, it was 19.7%. So, its up a little bit.
Paul Coster  JPMorgan: And my follow-up and this is related to the statement around acquisitions, is that  the intent to make acquisitions is that sort of new and can you just talk to us about what kind of acquisitions you are likely to make and what you are not likely to do. I mean, obviously with U.S. in mind, I guess, you dont really want to revisit the vertical solutions approach.
Anders Gustafsson: So, first our strategy with respect to acquisition hasnt really changed. I think in the last several calls we have had a sentence in there to say that we are interested in doing acquisitions. So, we dont surprise anybody if we do, but there is no real change to our approach. And what we are looking to do is first and foremost we would like to acquire something that is close to our core business, something that has the similar kind of horizontal business model as we do today versus more of say vertical model, but we are also interested in finding things that are near adjacencies that help us build capabilities into some new markets. So, those are kind of the areas. We are not totally looking to be overly advantageous or adventurous I guess is the word here, but staying pretty close to home.
Paul Coster  JPMorgan: Okay, thank you.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) And there are no additional questions at this time. I would like to turn it back over to presenters for any closing remarks.
Doug Fox  Vice President, Investor Relations: This is Doug. Thank you very much for spending an hour with us today. Our next regular scheduled quarterly conference call will take place in February. Have a good day.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen for attending todays conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q2  (2011-08-04 11:00:00) =====
Executives:  Douglas Fox  VP, IR Anders Gustafsson  CEO Michael Smiley  CFO
Analysts:  Paul Coster  JPMorgan Michael Terzich  SVP, Global Sales and Marketing Karl Ackerman  KeyBanc Capital markets Keith Housum  Northcoast Research Tim Mulrooney  William Blair Jason Rodgers  Great Lakes Review Anthony Kure  KeyBanc Capital Market 
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Zebra Technologies 2011 Second Quarter Earnings Release Conference Call. Joining us from Zebra Technologies are Anders Gustafsson, CEO; Mike Smiley, CFO; Mike Terzich, Senior Vice President, Global Sales and Marketing; and Doug Fox, Vice President, Investor Relations. All lines will be in a listen-only mode until after todays presentation. Instructions will be given at that time in order to ask a question. At the request of Zebra Technologies, this conference call is being recorded. Should anyone have any objections, please disconnect at this time. At this time, I would like to introduce Mr. Doug Fox of Zebra Technologies. Sir, you may begin.
Douglas Fox: Thank you. Good morning. Thank you for joining us today. Certain statements made on this call will relate to future events or circumstances, and therefore will be forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as expect, believe and anticipate are a few examples of words identifying a forward-looking statement. Forward-looking information is subject to various risks and uncertainties, which could significantly affect expected results. Risk factors were noted in the news release issued this morning and are also described in Zebras 10-K for the year-ended December 31, 2010, which is on file with the SEC. Now, let me turn the call over to Anders Gustafsson for some brief opening remarks.
Anders Gustafsson: Thank you, Doug and good morning, everyone. Today, Zebra reported another quarter of solid operating results. Specifically, we delivered 58% growth in earnings from continuing operations to a record $0.60 per share and $0.12 growth in sales to $245 million, also a record. The second quarter marks Zebras eighth consecutive quarter of sequential sales growth. We achieved improved operating leverage with continued high gross margins and effective control over operating expense growth. Further, we maintained our aggressive buyback programs with a repurchase of 1 million shares of Zebra stock. The increasing success of our investments, strategic investments was complemented by a continuing favorable environment for solutions driving greater efficiencies in global supply chain. Zebras growing presence in emerging regions or step-up cadence or new product introductions together with expanded relationships with new channel partners enable Zebra to reach more customers more broadly and deeply in targeted vertical industries around the world. This progress is built on Zebras scale and leading global brand. It has positioned the company for further shareholder value creation by fortifying Zebras competitive advantages and enhancing our ability to serve more of our customers needs for greater visibility with actionable outcomes, improved operational efficiency and enhanced customer loyalty. I would now like to provide an overview of the highlights for the quarter. Now with 60% of sales outside North America, all international regions experienced strong growth. Participation was broad with 17 countries registering year-over-year sales increases of 20% or more. Our geographic expansion efforts paid off several countries across new sales thresholds aided by the additional Zebra sales representatives placed in emerging regions over the past year and the tight strategic alignment between sales and marketing. Sales in those regions with this increased representation were up an aggregate 25% for the second quarter. In Asia-Pacific, we are clearly seeing the upside of our investments with 50% of growth in the second quarter. Our success in China included a positive impact of our expansions to also serve customers in Western China. We also had strong growth in South Korea, India, Australia and Southeast Asia. Every subregion posted the year-over-year sales growth as Zebras broad range of printers met customer needs in manufacturing, retail and government. With 25% growth, Latin America experienced a short rebound as sales reached an all-time record. Improved sales to manufacturing customers in Mexico complemented ongoing positive momentum in Brazil. We also had marked improvement in sales in the rest of the regions including Puerto Rico, Colombia and Argentina with important figures for mobile and desktop printers. We have also seen growing interest in Zebra card printers from financial institutions for on demand printing and issuance of credit cards. This solution is a promising opportunity for Zebra in Latin America as well as other emerging regions. In EMEA, the strong run rate business led to solid growth in nearly all subregions. Demand from manufacturing customers supported healthy sales in Germany. In Eastern Europe, our fastest growing subregion in EMEA, we also benefited from the robust manufacturing sector as well as increased shipments to customers and retail. We continue to look to Eastern Europe as a source of growth as our expansion initiatives include the focus on building a greater presence in Russia, where we are opening a new office with further head count investments to follow. In North America, strength in Zebras traditional base in manufacturing and warehousing led to a regional mix of high performance and midrange printers, and a run rate business through distribution remained robust as well. These stable reference helped to offset the sluggish second quarter in the retail sector against the year-ago when we shipped several large retail orders. We remain encouraged about the outlook in North America. The pipeline looks good and we continue to see healthy demand from manufacturers, the benefit of our large installed base. In addition, interest in direct store delivery and other mobility solutions is strong driven by a focus on improving wealth management in light of raising fuel prices. Longer-term, Zebra has programs under way to tap additional sources of business by penetrating established verticals more deeply with more applications. Global demand for Zebra products and solutions remain high and deal activity is good. In addition to established printers, customers and channel partners, we are expecting considerable interest in our recent integration products, which are representative of our intensified focus on innovation and consistent with our growth strategy. During the second quarter, we fulfilled our first major order for our new low-cost receipt printer, which is designed with the features and price points needed for certain applications in the emerging markets and industries. We also launched the QLn wireless mobile printer during the quarter with several hardware and design upgrades that set new levels of performance for our customers. Smart battery technology delivers improved battery performance and the larger liquid crystal display provides easier navigation with Zebras new standardized user interface. The new Ethernet cradle option makes it easier to set up and manage and to universally design that accommodates future radio technology advancements. Additionally (inaudible) of this exciting new product platform are scheduled for introduction later this year. Interest is also growing for our new ultra-high frequency RFID card, which is designed for long-range ID applications. Customers in the entertainment and the leisure industries in particular are exploring several emerging applications that links together personal identification with social, media and direct marketing, all new areas of opportunities in RFID for Zebra. Interest continues to grow steadily for other passive RFID solutions as well. During the quarter, we saw greater proliferation of pilot programs in a broad range of industries. In retail, we made excellent progress in source tagging of apparel at the manufacturing level. In addition, RFID began moving beyond current apparel labeling applications. Zebra RFID printer and coders are now being used for more effective inventory management of automobile payors and other context product category for retailers. Finally, we were pleased with the progress in Location Solutions. We met our sales goals with this active RFID based product line with shipments to customers in the automotive, industrial and government sectors. Overall, our second-quarter results demonstrates the strength and resiliency of Zebra device from its business diversity. We continue to implement that strategy of developing products and solutions that can be applied broadly across many industries to maximize long-term growth opportunities. In fact during the quarter, we surpassed 10 million cumulative printer shipped the major milestone that positions Zebra for further growth on the largest installed base in the industry. Our results highlighted the success of our investments supporting product costs for growth and high returns in an attractive industry. This gives me confidence in our strategy, which is supported by a foundation of multiple competitive advantages including financial spilling, the industrys broadest line of innovative products and solutions, and the global presence with strong trends towards smarter operations and supply chains. We are using these advantages to meet more of our customers needs for greater visibility into their operations enabling them to act in an increasingly competitive and complex world. I would now like to turn the call over to our CFO, Mike Smiley, to provide a detailed review of second quarter results and guidance for the third quarter of 2011. After Mikes remarks, I will return for some brief closing comments.
Michael Smiley: Thank you, Anders. Let me highlight some of the key components of Zebras results for the second quarter. Our comments will principally focus on year-over-year changes and the performance of Zebras continuing operations, which have been adjusted for the sale of Navis in the first quarter of this year. First, sales came in at the midpoint of our guidance range and brought strengthening in international regions. Second, the gross margin improvement of 4.1 percentage points resulted primarily from lower material and freight costs and favorable foreign exchange rates. Third, we achieved further operating leverage with a lower growth rate in operating expenses and sales growth. And fourth, we brought back 1 million shares of stock. Lets take a look at sales. For the quarter, sales were up 12% from $219 million last year to roughly $246 million. On a constant currency basis, sales increased 8%. By region, Asia-Pacific sales advanced 50% for the quarter aided by the broader coverage of more Zebra sales representation in the region. Sales to customers in manufacturing, retail and government were particularly strong. The key region has been an important element of the Zebra growth story. The region accounted for more than 15% of total sales for the second quarter, up from 9% only five years ago. In EMEA, nearly all subregions contributed to the 20% rise in sales. The territories saw a continued strong channel demand including sales of high performance tabletop printers for manufacturing applications in Germany. Large deals in the retail, healthcare and government applications augmented this robust run rate business. Latin-American sales also maintained a favorable growth profile of 25% from a year-ago. A rebound of manufacturing in Mexico complemented continued growth in Brazil. The other parts of the Latin American region, Central America and other countries in South America were the fastest growing area in the region, as the broader channel network is driving more new business including mobile and card applications. North American sales were down 5% from a year ago is including sales to manufacturing customers partially offset the decline in sales to refill customers against the surgeon shipments last year. By product category, hardware sales were up 12% on the strength of record sales in tabletop printers. Supply sales advanced 14% to $50 million, also a record. Shipments of higher value specialty labels using high-performance material for manufacturing applications helped drive this favorable growth. Our proprietary risk advanced for positive patient ID also had strong sales growth. Consolidated gross margin of 49.6% was up 4.1 percentage points to the midpoint of our guidance range. As expected, gross margin was down 100 basis points from the first quarter largely because of mix in overhead. The operating expenses up 12% from a year-ago substantially reflect higher employee-related compensation, payroll and benefit costs, in part related to our geographic expansion and other growth initiatives. Our record results for the quarter included approximately $2.7 million cost from some components supply constraints related to the Japan catastrophe. The net impact of these issues on sales has been negligible to date as we quickly adopted by addressing these issues. All combined, our performance led to a 46% improvement in operating income with an operating margin of 19%, up from 14.6% in the second quarter of 2010. Adding back $6.2 million in depreciation and amortization to the $46.7 million operating income totaled $52.9 million of cash earnings or 21.5% of sales, up from 17.4% last year. The income tax rate for the second quarter was 28.3%, which reflects the growing impact of Zebras business in low-tax regions. GAAP EPS from continuing operations were a record $0.60 per share on 55 million average shares outstanding. At the end of the second quarter, we had 54.2 million shares outstanding. In the second quarter, we bought back 1 million shares of Zebra stock, the weighted-average purchases is $40.82 per share. So far this year, we have returned 82.4 million to shareholders with the repurchase of two-point million shares of Zebra stock, which represents 4% of the shares outstanding at the end of 2010. We had 2.750 million shares left in the current buyback authorization. The days sales outstanding inched up to 50 days from 49 days for the first quarter of 2011. Inventory turns rose slightly to 4.2 times from 4.0 times in the first quarter with inventories decreased $2.4 million from the first quarter. Quarterly free cash flow totaled $5.3 million for the second quarter. Historically, free cash flow is most challenged for Zebras second quarter, which includes two federal tax payments. This year total tax payments amounted to $32 million, which included tax payments on the gain on the sale of Navis. At the end of the quarter, we had $343 million of cash investments on hand. Now lets look at the third quarter forecast. We are forecasting 2011 third quarter sales of $245 million to $255 million. Earnings from continuing operations were expected to grow 19% to 33% to $0.57 to $0.64 per share. Our forecast is in terms of consolidated gross margin in the range of 48% to 49% including the impact of an estimated $5 million or 150 basis points in higher freight and other expenses related to supply chain constraints. We expect these incremental charges to primarily affect the third quarter. GAAP operating expenses are forecasted between $74 million and $76 million. The tax rate is estimated to be 29.5%. That concludes my formal remarks and thank you for your attention. Now here is Anders for some concluding comments.
Anders Gustafsson: Thank you, Mike. Results for the second quarter and first half of 2011 demonstrated the success of our strategy to drive higher growth and increasing returns. Most recently, we accelerated the placement of Zebra sales personnel in territories that offer the highest risk adjusted growth opportunities based on big market research and analysis. We supported these investments with new innovative products that are expanding the range of applications in which we can enable mission-critical information of our assets, people and transactions. Finally, we focused our business on core printing, RFID and location solutions to build on the multiple competitive advantages that has led to clear industry leadership. Our success to date gives us confidence in Zebras future and that the strategies we are pursuing will lead to creating greater shareholder value. As we look through the second half of 2011 and into next year, we will continue to invest in those areas of our business that will deliver the highest risk adjusted returns. Mainly first, driving growth by more deeply penetrating North America and parts of Europe in key verticals with new applications. Second, maintaining our intensity on product innovation and superior product development. And lastly, expanding into emerging regions around the globe or into a business intelligence that aligns the most promising industries and applications with a correct channels, sales and marketing strategies. Let me elaborate. We will continue to develop stronger and broader relationships with channel partners to serve more customers in targeted verticals around the world. At the same time, we have programs under way that are designed to penetrate verticals more deeply with a broader set of applications in established regions such as North America. We are building on our early efforts with independent software vendors or ISVs to be coming to the fact of standard printers solution for a broad range of applications. To-date, approximately 75 ISVSs, many in North America, have joined our program that we launched earlier this year. In addition, our focused work with system integrators will position Zebra as a closest strategic partner with large companies that have complex supply-chain challenges. We will also maximize Zebras long-term growth opportunities with new products and solutions that can be applied across many industries. Today, Zebra has the broadest range of thermal printers in the industry. The depth and breadth of our product line are important competitive advantages as they enable us to meet more of our channel partners and customers needs. Specifically, we see exciting growth opportunities in kiosk, mobile and card printers. We also see potential for more products that meet the unique regional and vertical needs such as the printers we introduced in China early in the second quarter. We also have growing optimism for the future of solutions incorporating passive and active RFID technologies. Finally, success of our geographic expansion program is evident with the high growth we have seen in China and other regions. We are developing market economies and the growing middleclass to support attractive business opportunities. During the first part of this year, we made further investments in Zebra sales resources in India, Russia, China and countries in Southeast Asia. These investments will add to the growth already generated by the personnel faced in country last year. Zebras financial position gives us the ability to sustain this phase of investment. Together with a disciplined approach to delivering solid risk adjusted returns, this foundational strength gives us important flexibility how we run the business for the long-term benefit of our shareholders. In addition to funding internal growth, share buybacks continue to be an attractive use of our excess cash. This concludes our prepared remarks and I will thank you for your attention this morning. I would now like to turn the call to Doug for Q&A.
Douglas Fox: Thank you, Anders. Before we open the call to your questions, let me ask that you limit yourself to one question and one follow-up. In addition, Mike and I will be available after the call for any further discussions. Finally, please mark your calendar for the next quarterly conference call which is currently scheduled for Tuesday, November 8. Okay, we are now ready for Q&A.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Your first question comes from the line of Paul Coster with JPMorgan.
Paul Coster  JPMorgan: Thank you. Good morning. I think most of your  so approximate competitive advantage have been posting growth in North America or even associated with Rico market. So I think thats what folks are going to focus on say from a negative perspective. As much lets get out of this quarter admittedly. But can you elaborate please on what happened a year-ago and why its down and what gives you the confidence of North America is back on track. I mean the underlying concern here is that maybe to focus on internationally (inaudible) goes through our  focus on Internet domestically and perhaps your losing some using market share?
Anders Gustafsson: Well, first in North America, we have the great strength in our traditional markets of manufacturing and warehousing. That led to very rich mix of tabletop printers. We had record revenues of high-end printers into US. Sales through our distribution partners continue to be very robust. And this favorable trends are offset by a weakness in retail. But even so we had a healthy deal activity throughout the quarter. We just didnt have as many large deal as we would normally see. And in retail, we will say that the high-end retailers continue to outperform most of the other one. And we are quite confident that we are maintaining and expanding our lead in the industry and not losing any share. If you look at little more on the outlook for North America than for us, we have developed a robust set of growth strategies for the region that we feel are all very compelling. We are building a more strategic sales capability. We are developing new types of partnerships that can take us into new verticals or new applications through ISVs and system integrators. Over the last several years, I guess the backdrop in North America has been there. There has been a big shift from the manufacturing jobs or manufacturing opportunities for us outside of the US to Asia. So fortunately, they landed with us in those regions. We certainly pick them up there. But we have seen a substantial shift in our business where the breadth of our product lines, channels and so forth has really helped us grow very, very healthily in new markets like health, government, direct store delivery even retail. And into the second half of the year, we feel that our pipeline in North America is promising and we are working very hard to make sure we can deliver consistent growth trajectory for the region that is clearly one of four priorities.
Paul Coster  JPMorgan: So your business, so your hardware business lease is pretty cyclical and were all picking up this negative points at the moment. Can you just comment on what you are seeing from your customers in terms of the economic cycle and the risk associated with the slowdown?
Michael Terzich: Paul, this is Mike Terzich. That question specific to the North American market?
Paul Coster  JPMorgan: No. Its more generic.
Michael Terzich: Well, I think generically speaking, I think our business  I think the diversity of our business and from both the global perspective and the application perspective has been very healthy. And clearly when you look at all of the news that is around at those at the current place and timing. So little bit were sensitive to it. We havent seen that reflected in the base of our business. I want to reinforce one of the principles of the technology that we felt which is we are in efficiency, productivity technology. And we intend to be a little less sensitive to the immediacy of the macroeconomic indicators in the marketplace. People deploy our technology to improve productivity, efficiency of their business. When they have economic challenge in their business, they deploy our solution. So we have been a little bit less  we have been more insulated for some of that. And we expect that, we cant predict the future but in the short-term I think the general state of our business has been pretty healthy.
Paul Coster  JPMorgan: All right. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Anthony Kure with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Karl Ackerman  KeyBanc Capital markets: Good afternoon, gentlemen. This is Karl Ackerman filling in for Tony.
Anders Gustafsson: How are you?
Michael Smiley: Hi, Karl.
Karl Ackerman  KeyBanc Capital markets: Good. Yeah, I was just curious as ScanSource continues to add the international footprint, do you see Zebra utilizing them at the same penetration rate and say, Europe and Brazil as much as North America?
Michael Terzich: Karl, this is Mike Terzich. I will take that. The business does materially change in the international market Ill try to explain. Certainly in North America, its a homogeneous market. They have very strong position, they curved out a strong position in Europe as well. One of the challenges in the European market and in the balance of the international markets, four broadline distribution is that there is a fair amount of regional royalty that occurs with the distributors and reseller relationships they have. So they certainly bring scale to the international business but at the same time there is a lot of local loyalty. The bottom line is the Italian resellers and France resellers like to buy through some local distribution and that has always been a place in the market. So I think as they continue to scale, they are going to continue to be effective for us and we expect that relationship will continue to be successful, but its a different market internationally because of the local culture and the local customs and the local relationship.
Karl Ackerman  KeyBanc Capital markets: Okay. And just one more question. I noticed that you know you guys did have 75 ISVs joining the program today and thats great. Youre continuing to accelerate the build of your go to market channels. Just wondering if you could provide some color on those  are those primarily concentrated within emerging markets. And then also, how long it will inevitably take some of them to come on board and then may be considered fully productive?
Anders Gustafsson: First the ISVs that we have signed up so far has primarily been in our more developed markets, so in North America and Western Europe. It is a wide variety of vertical focus or application focus. So they give us a much better breadth as they emphasis. And they help us really get into new areas that we otherwise wouldnt really have the same penetration. And we can compete by getting designed into the application versus having to compete at the tailend by speed some price. How long it takes to ramp, it those text it varies quite a bit. Some of them are already most familiar with our space and what we do. They can be up and running very quickly and some of them takes a bit longer to figure it out. But I would say on average, its probably maybe fee bonds or so to get through that.
Karl Ackerman  KeyBanc Capital markets: Great. Thank you, gentlemen.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Keith Housum in Northcoast Research.
Keith Housum  Northcoast Research: Thanks, guys. Thanks for taking my call. And my question pertains to the foreign exchange benefit, if you guys just discussed a little bit about where the foreign currency translation benefit was originated. If theres more on EMEA region or Latin America? And perhaps secondary, how much of that perhaps stops the bottom line.
Michael Smiley: What we had  this is Mike Smiley. Just give you an answer that we had look over year-over-year, we had basically about $7 million  just sort of $7 million operating profit benefit from the foreign currency. And its basically a whole lot of EMEA. Of all intend and purposes, we sell almost entire US dollar except in EMEA where were selling dollars, pounds and euros. And so the primary impact to our P&L is in Europe and it is an euro. So its basically  again the growth rate would have been 8% versus the 12.3 for the year-over-year and we had the benefit about $7 million  just assured $7 million to our operating income from that.
Keith Housum  Northcoast Research: Okay. Thanks.
Michael Smiley: Yep.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Your next question comes from the line of Tim Mulrooney with William Blair.
Tim Mulrooney  William Blair: Yes. Good morning, gentlemen. My question is regarding ASP. I have noticed that ASP was up 10% year-over-year and also up sequentially. I was wondering if that was a function of new product introduction or whats driving that?
Anders Gustafsson: That is a really good question. We do put out the ASP statistic, we have done that historically. To be honest, this is a challenge that numbers is really a function of mix. And so, depending upon the period like I think we mentioned earlier, tabletop is higher. Tabletop products sell at a much higher ASP. So depending upon the mix that will change that, so I would not look at that too closely to sit there and try to get an indication of how the business is going because balance of the year pricing has been really, really stable. We dont, we are not seeing a lot of price pressure  we see very little price pressure to be honest. So it is not really an indication of price pressure, its mix.
Tim Mulrooney  William Blair: Okay. Thats very helpful. Thank you. And then secondly, in terms of your G&A, Ive noticed thats down about 2 million from the first quarter to the second quarter. Is that a function of seasonality or how should we think about that going forward?
Anders Gustafsson: Its primarily related  it is seasonality in the sense that when you come to the top where you top up 401K type stocks and both security types of stock, vacation or those types of things. So you will see that in the back off of our yearly benefit from that kind of stuff versus the first half. So when we have this call at the end of the fourth quarter, and we will tell you the first quarter is going to step up, it is going to be the offset of the situation were experiencing here.
Tim Mulrooney  William Blair: Okay. Thank you.
Anders Gustafsson: Yep.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Your next question comes from the line of Jason Rodgers with Great Lakes Review.
Jason Rodgers  Great Lakes Review: Hi, guys.
Anders Gustafsson: Hi, Joe.
Jason Rodgers  Great Lakes Review: Just a follow-up on the ScanSource, do you have a percentage of sales that ScanSource was through the quarter?
Anders Gustafsson: We do have 19% which is about consistent with our last quarter.
Jason Rodgers  Great Lakes Review: Okay. And looking at North America, are you facing the tough comparisons in retail for the third and fourth quarters as well?
Anders Gustafsson: Not (inaudible) something, we are more normal I think if you go forward. Q2 was a more tougher comparator. Q3 and Q4 I think are  let me consider a more normal.
Jason Rodgers  Great Lakes Review: Okay. Thats helpful. And then just to be clear on the component cost related to the Japan situation, you expecting them to pretty much double in the current quarter and then I guess, tail offer and following it.
Michael Smiley: Yeah, we I think  that sort of two areas where we have the primary costs associated. One is, we are reintroduced to the market, our desktop printer that we have been selling in the past to help alleviate the demand for another printer thats was using a certain  some components by the Japan. And to encourage that transition to the newly introduced product were giving more of a prior rebase not extraordinary. And the other thing is were using  were spending a lot more, not a lot more but more in freight as the air freight start to meet customer demand. So it is stepping up. So actually Im glad you asked that question because if you really take the impact of roughly $5 million of the Japan crisis in most of that goes to gross margin. And you adjust our gross margin projection for that 5 million, youre going to say, we have a very robust gross margin sort of, I will call it a pro forma number, if we didnt have the Japan thing. But even work to Japan, we have a very strong gross margin. So this goes back to the question of our price. Our prices are good. Business is going well. Were just reacting to the situation in Japan and trying to not trying, but we are addressing our customers needs by these actions.
Jason Rodgers  Great Lakes Review: Okay. That sounds good. And then looking at the ERP implementation, just wondering how that is progressing?
Anders Gustafsson: Its progressing well. We went live in Europe, in Q1 at the end of January in Q1. We had no major system issues. We worked for the last five, six months to optimize the system to make sure all the people are using it are properly trained. And I think it is a big change to implement the new ERP system like as for the  effort along training and other things has been substantial. So we feel were making good progress on that and are on plan to go live in North America beginning in next year.
Jason Rodgers  Great Lakes Review: Okay. And then finally, what are the expectations for CapEx and D&A for the year?
Michael Smiley: Its  I would say it is going to be down a bit. We typically dont give beyond the quarter but we expect sort of the third quarter to be similar to the second quarter as far as CapEx goes.
Jason Rodgers  Great Lakes Review: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question is a follow-up from the line of Paul Coster with JPMorgan.
Anders Gustafsson: Hey, Paul.
Paul Coster  JPMorgan: Talk a little bit about the direct door delivery and mobile solutions opportunities that lies ahead of you? Obviously, you provide the printing part of the solution. Are there any partners, youre going to market with where you have the other products and solutions whether its the GPS technology or the data capture technology. And all your disadvantages by not having a sort of complete set of solutions there?
Anders Gustafsson: No, we dont think we disadvantaged. We have some very strong value to resellers and other partners that are focused on this space. They tend to pull in other hardware or software vendors to offer that complete solution. And we tend to be a very prominent investments. I think our market share in that area is very good.
Paul Coster  JPMorgan: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Your next question is a follow-up from Tony Kure with KeyBanc Capital Market.
Anthony Kure  KeyBanc Capital Market: Hello, gentlemen. Yes, I was just wondering if you can provide any commentary around what youre seeing from a demand perspective within distribution. You said that was relatively stronger in the quarter. Im not sure of  it appears that some peers have said there was a modest build in this recent channel. I just wondered if you have missed the any trends in that in the latter part of the quarter.
Michael Terzich: Tony, its Mike Terzich. We will break this into two pieces. North America, we measured our distribution on a number of metrics. We recorded revenue on a sales out basis. We watched very closely their performance on a sales out basis, we watched their inventory levels very closely. I can tell you that on our salesout basis, the business was healthy in Q2. It was a nice business resolved, which for us is important because that the distribution channel is really a parameter for broader health of our North America business. It crosses multiple verticals, multiple application spaces. So we like the result inventory levels right where we want them to be very consistent to what weve seen in the past. Internationally, our business was very strong internationally. So our distribution results are (inaudible) were better than they were in the US, which was very good. So again, the quarter was a quarter that I would characterize as very strong run rate business, which is typically aligns well with a distribution performance. And were a little bit lighter globally on some of the large deal opportunities besides of the last deal. So the distribution channel have performed very well for us.
Anthony Kure  KeyBanc Capital Market: Okay. If I may just piggyback on the last comment. You did not witness may be some of the larger deal activities that you normally would. Are those primarily concentrated in manufacturing in Asia Pac and may be retail in the US or the other end market verticals that maybe you didnt notice service amount of large deal activity that you may normally would.
Michael Terzich: Well, what we saw was deal activity. The volume of deal activity was consistent to what we have seen in the prior quarters. The value of the deals tended to be a little lighter in the second quarter. And because of the global reach and the diversity of our business, we look at deal activity. Its generally well balanced between manufacturing some of the field mobility applications that we talked about earlier as well as the retail space and the government space particularly outside the United States for government.
Anthony Kure  KeyBanc Capital Market: Great. Thank you very much, gentlemen.
Anders Gustafsson: Yep.
Operator: And there are no further questions at this time.
Anders Gustafsson: Okay. Well, everybody, thank you very much for joining us today. Again our next regularly scheduled conference call for the quarter will be on Tuesday, November 8. And Mike Smiley and I will be available for the rest of the day, if you have any further questions. Have a good day. Thank you very much.
Operator: This concludes todays Zebra Technologies second quarter 2011 earnings release conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q1  (2011-05-14 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Doug Fox  VP, IR Anders Gustafsson  CEO Mike Smiley  CFO Mike Terzich  SVP, Global Sales and Marketing
Analysts: Brian Drab  William Blair & Company Paul Coster  JPMorgan Greg Halter  Great Lakes Review Ajit Pai  Stifel Nicolaus Chris Quilty  Raymond James & Associates Andrew Abrams  Avian Securities Anthony Kure  KeyBanc Keith Housum  NorthCoast Research
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Zebra Technologies 2011 first quarter earnings release conference call. Joining us from Zebra Technologies are Anders Gustafsson, CEO; Mike Smiley, CFO; Mike Terzich, Senior Vice President, Global Sales and Marketing; and Doug Fox, Vice President, Investor Relations. All lines will be in a listen-only mode until after todays presentation. Instructions will be given at that time in order to ask a question. At the request of Zebra Technologies, this conference call is being recorded. Should anyone have any objections, please disconnect at this time. At this time, I would like to introduce, Mr. Doug Fox of Zebra Technologies. Sir, you may begin.
Doug Fox: Thank you. Good morning everyone. Thank you for joining us today. Certain statements made on this call will relate to future events or circumstances and therefore will be forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as expect, believe and anticipate are a few examples of words identifying a forward-looking statement. Forward-looking information is subject to various risks and uncertainties which could significantly affect expected results. Risk factors were noted in the news release issued this morning and are also described in Zebras 10-K for the year ended December 31st, 2010, which is on file with the SEC. Now, let me turn the call over to Anders Gustafsson for some brief opening remarks.
Anders Gustafsson: Thank you, Doug, and good morning everyone. Today, Zebra reported outstanding financial results for the first quarter of 2011. We delivered 12% sales growth to a record $237 million, 26% growth in earnings from continuing operations to $0.54 per share also a record, and GAAP EPS to $1.10 including the gain on the sale of Navis. We achieved significant year-over-year increases in gross margin, drove further improvements in operating leverage, and accelerated our buyback program with the repurchase of 1.1 million shares. Excellent execution in many areas of the business enabled us to achieve these record results and has positioned Zebra for further success in creating greater value for our shareholders. Sales increased in all geographic regions as a result of a continued solid established brand position, as well as investments in additional sales resources in emerging markets in the past year. As supply chain organizations lowered product acquisition costs, building on our successful transition to outsourcing. Our increasingly productive engineering organization is accelerating the pace of new product introductions in a streamlined, more efficient product development model. Our scale and numerous competitive advantages continue to benefit Zebra, as we enhance our ability to serve our customers demand for greater visibility, operational efficiency, and customer satisfaction. I would now like to provide an overview of the highlights for the quarter. All geographies contributed to our sales growth for the quarter, with a rich product mix that included healthy sales of high performance and mid-range printers and aftermarket parts. Strong international sales were bolstered by the investments we made in geographic expansion. Sales grew 25% for the first quarter in those countries and regions where we added Zebra sales personnel over the past year, including more than 60% growth in China. Asia-Pacific continues to be a substantial source of strength for Zebra. For the quarter, sales in the region increased 41%. In addition to China, we had excellent sales growth in India, another country where we have made recent investments. We also had growth in South Korea where we see a strong recovery in manufacturing. Zebras channel partners shipped mobile, high-performance and mid-range printers to support applications in warehouse management, fixed asset management, and sales force automation. In EMEA, strong channel demand led to 12% growth in the region, with notable sales into postal and retail applications with desktop kiosk and card printers. Nearly all sub regions contributed to growth in the territory, which has a solid pipeline of business going into the second quarter. Latin America experienced somewhat slower growth for the quarter, but our expectation for the region remains very positive. For the quarter, we had strong growth in supplies as manufacturing in Mexico continued to recover, the breadth of depth of our product line provided us a clear competitive advantage as evidenced by a reseller who was able to meet a major retail customers printing needs with a bundle solutions of desktop and card printers. Finally, in North America, we were pleased with our revenue growth and with a range of customer applications served, with revenue up a healthy 8% from a year ago and up 5% from the fourth quarter. The broad range of our product portfolio including tabletop mobile and desktop supported applications in retail, healthcare, manufacturing and government. Business activity continues to remain robust as we increased our engagement with customers at a higher more strategic level. Activity in passive RFID remains strong. During the quarter, we secured a new relationship with a major U.S. apparel manufacturer for Zebra RFID printers encoders who recognized the value of our proprietary on-page and dynamic encoding capabilities. In addition to retail where we are involved in various promising pilot programs, RFID continues to attract attention in industrial manufacturing, aerospace and other verticals. Customers in these industries place high value in the technology where regular maintenance and controlled chain of custody are important. We also made excellent progress in Location Solutions or LS. Following the successful sale of Navis, we have integrated the LS organization into the corporation. We moved all high-volume LS hardware primarily active RFID tags to Jabil, our contract manufacturer for Zebra printers. At the same time, we exceeded our sales goals with a combination of the continued rollout of solutions established customers and strategic wins with new customers. In one case, we added an automotive manufacturer in Europe to do a relationship with a large system integrator. Overall, we remain upbeat about our progress with LS in the long-term prospects for the solutions we offer in this space. The first quarter was also notable for moving the company forward in other important areas. First, we completed another milestone in the implementation of our ERP system, then we successfully went live with important system modules, including order-to-cash in EMEA. Second, we took a major step forward in product innovation. In April, we introduced two new products specifically designed for capturing more business in China. These include a new mobile receipt printer with the features and price point targeted at an important segment of this market and an innovative desktop printer with extra-large ribbon capacity. These products, in addition to others that are close to launch were developed to meet current and evolving market needs, leveraging our talented engineers located at our China Design Center opened last year. The positive response to these products from our Chinese channel partners has been even stronger than anticipated. In addition to these two China-oriented products, we also launched another card printer for the global markets, the ZXP Series 3. This desktop printer delivers superior image quality, smart card capabilities and high performance for using a wide variety of personal identification applications, all in a small footprint. In our card group, we also introduced a new ultra-high frequency RFID card which sets new levels of performance in access control, personnel tracking, and long-range ID applications. The UHF Gen2 RFID card incorporates a patent pending antenna design that is specifically optimized for UHF card applications to provide far greater read range, added memory and more reliability. We also just completed testing and are about to launch the next generation of our popular QL series of wireless mobile printers. With several hardware, firmware and design upgrades, the new QL mobile printer sets new levels of performance for our customers. During the past two years, we have undertaken a systematic approach to improve the productivity of our new product development process and drive even higher levels of innovation. The first phase focused on rationalization our product line, while the second phase established new platforms. We are now with the third phase of this process which concentrates on developing a common architecture across all printer families. In reaching this point, we are now more efficient in our product development process enabling us to dedicate more resources to creating new innovative products. Our first quarter results demonstrate Zebras capacity for growth in sales, profit and shareholder value creation. Zebra is well positioned in an attractive industry. Our current suite of products and solutions ensures that we will continue to be the clear innovation leader and solidly position to benefit from strong trends toward smarter operations and supply chain. We are able to build on our multiple competitive advantages including superior product performance and global presence to stay ahead of our customers needs for higher levels of visibility into their critical assets, people and transactions, both today and into the future. I would now like to turn the call over to our CFO, Mike Smiley, to provide a detailed review of first quarter results and guidance for the second quarter of 2011. After Mikes remarks, I will return for some brief closing comments.
Mike Smiley: Thank you, Anders. Let me highlight some of the key components of Zebras results for the first quarter. My comments will principally focus on year-over-year changes in the performance of Zebras continuing operations. As a result, we adjusted the first quarter of 2010 to the Navis sale. First, sales exceeded our guidance range on growth and all geographic regions in nearly all major product lines. Second, the increase in gross margin resulted from higher volumes, savings and raw materials and lower freight costs. And third, the business continued to demonstrate strong operating leverage with an increase in operating margin. Lets take a look at sales. For the quarter, sales were up 12% from $212 million last year to a record $237 million. Foreign exchange had no material impact on sales growth from a year ago. By region, Asia-Pacific sales were up 41% on broad strength across the region. We had robust sales at high-performance printers in the region, as manufacturing continued its recovery and had effective vertical penetration to retail, healthcare and government. In EMEA, nearly all sub regions contributed to the territorys 12% sales growth, as strong channel demand was supplemented by some large sales into retail and postal applications. Latin America sales were up 3% for the quarter and North American sales were up 8% from a year ago. The rebound in sales to retail customers accompanied sales into a broad range of verticals and healthy run rate business through distributors. By product category, hardware sales increased 14% on growth in all major printer product lines in aftermarket parts. Supply sales advanced 10%. Consolidated gross margin increased 4.5 percentage points to 50.6%. As I mentioned earlier, increased volume and material savings contributed positively to the year-over-year improvement. Lower freight costs also positively affected profitability as we shipped relatively more products by ocean versus more costly airfreight. Operating expenses up 17% from a year ago largely reflect higher employee-related compensation, payroll and benefits cost in part related to our geographic expansion and other growth initiatives. The expense includes $1.9 million in exit restructuring and integration costs related to the integration of Location Solutions into Zebra as a whole. This performance led to a 35% improvement in operating income and operating margin of 18.7% for the quarter, up from 15.5% for the first quarter of 2010. Adding back $5.9 million in depreciation and amortization to the $44.4 million in operating income totaled $50.3 million of cash earnings or 21.1% of sales, up from 19.2% last year. The income tax rate for the first quarter was 32%. For the remaining three quarters of the year, we expect effective income tax rate to fall to 29.5% based on the impact of growing business and low tax rate jurisdictions. GAAP EPS from continuing operations came in at a record $0.54 per share on 55.8 million average shares outstanding. At the end of the first quarter, we had 54.7 million shares outstanding. For the first quarter, we further accelerated our stock buyback program, with a repurchase of 1.1 million shares of Zebra stock. The average price of the first quarter purchases was $37.79 per share. For the past four quarters, we bought back 3.7 million shares returning $123 million to shareholders. Days sales outstanding improved to 40 days from 48 days for the fourth quarter of 2010. Inventory turns were 4.0 times, down from 4.6 as inventories increased by $7.5 million for the fourth quarter. The increase in inventories included a greater number of printers on the water, which helped us to reduce freight costs. Free cash flow is slightly negative for the first quarter largely from changes in working capital, the payment of bonuses, higher accounts receivable and inventory and a reduction in accounts payable. We still ended the quarter with $375 million in cash and investments, including the $189 million received from the sale of Navis at the end of the quarter. We are confident of maintaining strong positive free cash flow for the year. Now, lets look at our second quarter forecast. We are forecasting 2011 second quarter sales growth of 9.5% to 14% to $240 million to $250 million. Earnings from continuing operations are expected to grow 42% to 61% to $0.54 per share up to $0.61 per share, including $0.01 per share for restructuring charges related to the consolidation of Location Solutions into Zebra. Our forecast assumes consolidated gross margin in the range of 49% to 50%. GAAP operating expenses are forecasted between $76 million and $79 million. The tax rate would be 29.5%, which we expect for the rest of 2011. This forecast includes some anticipated higher expenses to address developments arising from the tragic Japan disaster. We are well positioned, however, to maintain a continuous supply of products as indicated by our second quarter guidance. That concludes my formal remarks, and thank you for your attention. Now, here is Anders for some concluding comments.
Anders Gustafsson: Thank you, Mike. Zebras first quarter performance demonstrates the strength and benefits that result from our industry leadership, strong execution and focused strategy. It further illustrates how we can leverage our competitive advantages to deliver value for our customers and shareholders. These advantages continue to position us to benefit from attractive global trends for tagging high-value assets and increased visibility into the supply chain. Now, with a sharper focus on core printing and RFID products as well as real-time Location Solutions, Zebra will build on its multiple competitive advantages to drive further growth and value in channels, products and markets by focusing on three key areas. First, driving growth in the core business; second, promoting an ongoing commitment to innovation and superior product development; and third, expanding our international business. As in the first quarter, we will continue to use our brand strength and global presence to cultivate relationships with a broader range of channel partners. Stronger alliances with system integrators and independent software vendors will enhance our strategic focus on enterprise customers where we can offer the entire portfolio of Zebra products and solutions. At the same time, we will maintain an ongoing commitment to superior product development. Zebras unrelenting attention to innovation is rooted in the products and solutions that can be applied across many industries to maximize Zebras long-term growth opportunities. Today, Zebra invests more dollars in the development of thermal printers than any other company. With a significantly improved new product development cadence, we are becoming more efficient in the deployment of these resources. Kiosk, mobile and card printers offer above-average growth prospects in particular within our broad printer portfolio. Products and solutions based on passive and active RFID technology offer exciting longer-term opportunities for profitable growth. Finally, Zebra will continue to build on its global leadership with further investments and sales resources in high-growth emerging territories. This proven low-risk high return activity gives Zebra a greater presence in key regions where developing market economies and local web creation support attractive business opportunities. In 2010, we added approximately 40 sales representatives in developing regions and the results are evident. This year, we will add to this number with further investments in China, India and Russia, as well as other countries in Southeast Asia. Ultimately, our ability to sustain the pace of investment for the long-term benefits of our shareholders rests with Zebras financial strength. With this important flexibility in how we run the business, we continue to maintain a disciplined approach to delivering solid risk-adjusted returns. In addition to funding internal growth, share buybacks continue to be an attractive use of excess cash. This concludes our prepared remarks, and I thank you for your attention this morning. I would now like to turn the call over to Doug for Q&A.
Doug Fox: Thank you, Anders. Before we open the call to your questions, let me ask that you limit yourself to one question and one follow-up. In addition, Mike and I will be available after the call for any further discussions.
Operator: (Operator instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Brian Drab with William Blair.
Brian Drab  William Blair & Company: Good morning. Congratulations on a great quarter.
Anders Gustafsson: Thank you.
Brian Drab  William Blair & Company: First question just on the lower-than-expected R&D expense, at least lower than I expected. Is that $21.7 million of the run rate that we can expect something in the low 20s? Is that what we should expect going forward? And did that decline have to do with R&D spending that was associated with Navis?
Mike Smiley: Yes, that would be, I think Navis may have affected your numbers, and I think that we will see a little bit of an uptick in this quarter, because we are looking to qualify some parts and do some certification to make sure that we have sufficient components and products to meet customer needs to address the Japanese disaster. So, it will be up a little bit in the second quarter.
Brian Drab  William Blair & Company: Okay. Great. And then just one other quick one, on the decline in the raw material costs and freight costs, unlike what we are seeing with a lot of other companies right now given rising commodities, can you talk a little bit more about dynamic that's affecting your costs?
Mike Smiley: Sure. I think first of all, remember the first quarter of last year, we were dealing with the fact that demand for our products greatly outstripped our expectations, and so to address that, we put a lot of product airfreight, which the relative cost to move product airfreight versus ocean is tremendously different. So, when you look year-over-year, you are talking about a quarter that had a great deal of airfreight. This quarter, you can see our inventory went up. As inventory goes up, part of that is becoming its sitting on the ocean and we have the ability in a more calm fashion, move product from Point A to Point B, which reduce our freight costs meaningfully. The other thing is that we have  I think that what we are seeing or what we saw in our raw material costs is continuing to benefit our outsourcing as we move to Southeast Asia. It takes a little bit of time to sort of see that full value of that cost reduction flow through the system. And so, the combination of parts cost reduction and freight, and then the last thing is, is that volume goes up, our fixed costs gets allocated over more units. So, the increase in our volume also benefited our gross margin. So, all of those things are played well into our results for the quarter.
Brian Drab  William Blair & Company: Okay. Thank you very much.
Mike Smiley: Yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Coster with JPMorgan.
Paul Coster  JPMorgan: Yes, thank you very much. Mike, I wonder if you could explain a little bit better, not better, but a bit more detail, perhaps on what the net effects of exiting Navis is in terms of the overhead costs that you were left with? And is there a process that you have to go through before you kind of normalize the business and shed costs associated with what was left from that business, or is it instantly sort of normalized?
Mike Smiley: Yes, I think that we do have with the Location Solutions business, we have at this point, I think I dont see a great change between Q1 and Q2 for surely overhead reduction as a result, but we will longer term as we start  there is an aspect of the business where we need to migrate some of the supporting systems on to the greater Zebra systems, the same system. As that happens, that will allow us to reduce our overhead overtime, but thats not something in the next two quarters or so. Lastly, I will tell you that one thing that you will see is in this quarter, the numbers that we have, we did move, as we pointed out, we did move the high volume products from Location Solutions from sort of to Jabil. And thats going to improve our margins slightly. Again, thats reflected in the forecast that we gave you for Q2.
Paul Coster  JPMorgan: I was looking at the operating margins for this business pre-ZES and you're regularly in the 20% range. Is that what your aspiration here, or can you provide some sort of medium-term outlook for your operating model?
Mike Smiley: We give a quarter out. So, I think we are going to stick to that, but I mean, as you do your model, I think you will see that as volumes pick up, our overhead doesnt have to grow as dramatically. So, we expect that as our business grows, our profitability will be enhanced.
Paul Coster  JPMorgan: Okay. My last question is, the average selling price of your product declines modestly year-on-year in this first quarter on high volumes. And yet the narrative sounded like there was a little bit of a mix shift towards higher-end machines. What's the story there? Can you just sort of clarify a little bit why the ASPs came down?
Mike Smiley: Actually, when we looked at the sales year-over-year, we didnt really  within certain regions, we had growth, like for example, we had great growth in high end in Asia-Pac which is a big high end market for us, but when you look across the globe, you look at products, actually year-over-year product mix wasnt a major factor in our gross margin. I will tell you, when we look at our gross margin though, we were pleased with the mix, but we were also pleased with the mix a year ago.
Mike Terzich: Hi Paul, this is Mike Terzich. Let me just add a little bit of color to what Mike is saying. We have a very broad range of products and over the course of time, what has taken place is proportionately more of our unit sales have went to the mid-range desktop and mobile products versus some of the traditional high-end products, which were the origin of Zebra, if you will. When you get into the Asian marketplace, we have seen, as Mike indicated, we have seen quite a bit of strength in our high-end product sales, the support manufacturing in the region. Within a family such as an Xi family, we have multiple models and the difference that we see is that in the Asian market, they tend to use products that are at the lower end of a family range. So, we have AUP stability model-to-model. So, we dont see degradation in AUP, but what we have is proportionately more Asian customers buying the lower end of the high end of the range, which in essence puts a little bit of pressure on the macro AUP number that you are seeing.
Paul Coster  JPMorgan: What does that do to your gross margins? Is that good or bad when the shift takes place in a region?
Mike Terzich: You know what, when you look at the strength of that product line from a gross margin perspective, inherently the gross margin on a percentage basis is almost equivalent product-to-product in that range. So, it really doesnt put any pressure on that margin.
Paul Coster  JPMorgan: Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Greg Halter with Great Lakes Review.
Greg Halter  Great Lakes Review: Yes, good morning guys.
Anders Gustafsson: Good morning.
Greg Halter  Great Lakes Review: Relative to the restatement, will you be providing a pro forma balance sheet by quarter?
Mike Smiley: No.
Greg Halter  Great Lakes Review: Okay. The reason I ask, is I was trying to look at the inventories and payables. I think those changed on a basis given the sale.
Mike Smiley: Yes, we can, if you want to, we could talk to you a little bit offline about some of the direction there. But we dont plan on disclosing more than we have right now.
Greg Halter  Great Lakes Review: Okay. And in the quarter, how much did ScanSource represent of your sales and what was the year-over-year growth in that business?
Anders Gustafsson: ScanSource increased 19%.
Greg Halter  Great Lakes Review: 19%?
Anders Gustafsson: 19%. For North America.
Mike Smiley: Greg, thats just the revenue increase, but as a percentage of our overall business, I think we are going to have to get you that number.
Greg Halter  Great Lakes Review: Okay. So, the growth was 19%?
Mike Smiley: In North America.
Greg Halter  Great Lakes Review: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ajit Pai with Stifel Nicolaus.
Ajit Pai  Stifel Nicolaus: Yes, good morning.
Mike Smiley: Good morning.
Ajit Pai  Stifel Nicolaus: Couple of quick questions. I think the first is just looking at the margin structure, I think you have had a couple of folks ask about it already. But now that you have Navis off and you are looking at significantly larger scale from the company than you had maybe about five or six years ago, do we see an operating margin that should get back sort of into the mid-20s over the next two to three years based on your current operating model with the sort of outsourcing you have envisaged, as well as the product mix that you foresee for the next two, three years?
Anders Gustafsson: We are going to stay with our formal guidance around just the one quarter out. With that being said, we do expect that we will continue to drive greater revenue and we are working hard to make sure that we maintain a nice operating leverage in our earnings model. So, as we go forward, our plan is to make sure we continue to improve our financial results.
Ajit Pai  Stifel Nicolaus: Okay. The second one is just looking at the cash on your balance sheet, and you talked about liking share buybacks, but what about acquisitions? I know that you are trying to put together the other business, the enterprise service group that now after you have gotten rid of Navis has increased your flexibility, but I'm wondering it's still a focus to make acquisitions.
Anders Gustafsson: Yes, our position on acquisition has been changed over the last several quarters. We continue to look at opportunities, but nothing as yet that we have seen has yet met our hurdles. And first and foremost, any acquisition we look at has to have a strong strategic fit. It has to either enable or accelerate our strategy. And the second one is that compare that to any other investment opportunity we have on a risk-adjusted basis. So, we continue to look and be interested in finding the right opportunities, but we want to be very disciplined to make sure we do good ones.
Ajit Pai  Stifel Nicolaus: And the last question would be just looking at RFID, you mentioned it a couple of times, and some new products that you have over there and wins over there, could you give us some color as to what you see happening in that market and when do you think it starts becoming far more material as an opportunity?
Anders Gustafsson: Yes, we continue to be encouraged by what we see in the market. Activity is picking up, the demand is still strongest in the retail space. Its moving down into smaller, more specialty retailers now. The application continues to be focused on apparel tagging. So, looking for increased inventory  better inventory management than better visibility into the supply chain. But we are also seeing other verticals starting to show more activity, more life. Aerospace will be one, government hospitality, so its getting to be more broad-based also. And our customers are looking for the value propositions around lowest total cost of ownership. So, its not just a printer, but it includes supplies and other things. So, our value proposition around on pitch encoding and faster throughput works very well.
Ajit Pai  Stifel Nicolaus: Got it. Thank you.
Mike Smiley: Ajit, before you go, just to get back, I dont think this was your question, but there was a question about how much of our revenue came from ScanSource. So, year ago, that was 18.3% and for this quarter, it was 19.6% of our total revenues. Next question?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Quilty with Raymond James.
Chris Quilty  Raymond James & Associates: Good morning gentlemen. A follow-up from last quarter, you guys saw some unexpected softness in the fourth quarter in your North American retail business. Is it fair to assume that, that business saw a bit of a rebound here in Q1?
Anders Gustafsson: Yes, we were pleased with the performance of North America. Revenues were up 8% year-over-year. Retail specifically was much stronger on a global basis, was much stronger, but it also had a rebound in North America and was now a very healthy vertical for us there. What we saw in North America I think was, there was more  some of the retailers were not as aggressive in ramping the investments after the 2009 recession. We started to come online and do more investments. So, we saw a broader cross-section of retailer be active. But I would say, the quarter was characterized by a very strong run rate business, with a healthy but not necessarily a remarkable large deal activity.
Chris Quilty  Raymond James & Associates: Okay. And sort of a follow up to that, the discussion you just had on RFID and strength in retail, can you remind us, I think the biggest application there is some of the item level tagging, what sort of role you play both in the mobile printers or fixed printers, as well as the consumable part of that food chain?
Anders Gustafsson: So, we play a big role in the printing side. We have mobile printers that are in store, in the shop floor or in the back office, but we also track the supply chain further or upstream you can say. So, we also work with a number of garment manufacturers at source and tag garments at source. So, that might be in Asia or in the U.S. or elsewhere. So, we try to make sure that we have a strong position around for printing across the entire garment supply chain. Today, we are not involved in smart label supplies. So, there was one business we exited in 2008 when we felt the economics around that business wasnt particularly attractive.
Chris Quilty  Raymond James & Associates: Is there any change in thought on now that the industry is picking up?
Anders Gustafsson: Its relatively straightforward for us to go back to become a converter for that, but we havent perceived that to be a particular sweet spot for us to enter. We discuss it on a regular basis, but so far, we felt that, that has not been the best area for us to invest more in.
Chris Quilty  Raymond James & Associates: Okay. And it looks like you're running out of authorization on the buyback. Is there any discussion about refreshing that at the board level?
Anders Gustafsson: So, we have our next Board meeting in two weeks. And that might be a topic for discussion there.
Chris Quilty  Raymond James & Associates: Okay. Thank you gentlemen.
Anders Gustafsson: Thank you.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Abrams with Avian Securities.
Andrew Abrams  Avian Securities: Congratulations.
Anders Gustafsson: Thank you.
Andrew Abrams  Avian Securities: Just trying to understand a little bit about the way Navis, eliminating Navis, worked. Service margins, at least as far as I can see, jumped pretty substantially in the quarter and product margins down slightly, but almost negligible. Should we look at the service margins going forward staying in that rough area now that Navis is out, or was there something else that might have contributed to that at the same time?
Mike Smiley: Yes, I think that the results for the quarter are pretty much indicative for what you see going forward. There is not going to be a huge change from there.
Andrew Abrams  Avian Securities: Got you, okay. Just on one other question in terms of, what you saw in the run rate business, or actually maybe across the board, but on the run rate business, POS  ScanSource mentioned POS as an area that was a little slower for them. And I am not sure whether it was slower or whether they actually walked away from some of that business. Have you seen any kind of indication that, that has changed for you guys from quarter-to-quarter?
Anders Gustafsson: We didnt really see much of a change. I will let ScanSource talk for their business, but for us, we felt we had a strong run rate business across POS or retail in general, and retail, we did well in market share in that area. We won our fair share of deals. So, for us, it was a normal quarter with retail coming back more strongly, particularly in North America.
Mike Terzich: This is Mike. Let me just add a little point to that. Yes, the ScanSource comment was reflective of POS in North America. To Anders point, our retail business was really strong across all four geographies, a nice bounce back up in North America. Our run rate business in Q1, a lot of it was driven from good old fashioned manufacturing which came back online to a great degree. And this is where our traditional product lines have been installed and that was also very helpful to the North America number.
Andrew Abrams  Avian Securities: Got it, thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Anthony Kure with KeyBanc.
Anthony Kure  KeyBanc: Hi, good morning, gentlemen. Thanks for taking my questions. Just wanted to go back and look at the gross margins between the two hardware or tangible products, and then services and software. In your press release, you gave the 2010 gross margins, those exclude Navis, correct?
Anders Gustafsson: Yes.
Anthony Kure  KeyBanc: Okay. And I guess just looking why gross margins for services was 42% in the first quarter, well below what it was for the first three quarters of last year. Is that trying to get a better understanding why that moved down so much, and then obviously, you did much better on the product side. So, maybe just additional color there.
Mike Smiley: I dont think we have anything of distinction. The only thing I would tell you is when we sell, when we carve out Navis, we carve out the business of Navis. There was a product line we talked about which was the maritime key, which is not a business by itself, its a product line. So, for the first quarter, we carry that business with us in the regular financial results, not down in discontinued operations. So, there is a little bit of that, thats going to make it different. But we dont have any big themes and services that would be driving our results of consequence.
Anthony Kure  KeyBanc: Okay. And then, just to confirm, I think you said that this is the first quarter sort of the gross margin profile between those two product types going forward, is that correct?
Mike Smiley: Yes.
Anthony Kure  KeyBanc: Okay. And then, the biggest delta on the gross margin out-performance during the first quarter. You mentioned a couple of things, freight, and raw materials and volume. Just wanted to get a feel for what was the biggest driver. Would that have been volume that had been the biggest driver of the improvement?
Mike Smiley: The biggest driver was first of all, the cost reductions for us. And by the way, when I say cost reduction, that is like that would be not only material, but its also the fact that we had, our overhead was better applied went up. That will be the largest component followed by freight.
Anthony Kure  KeyBanc: Okay. And then I think you used to comment on percentage of sales from new products. Would you happen to have that handy during the quarter?
Anders Gustafsson: No, we really stopped doing that. It is year-and-a-half ago now, so I think last quarter, I slipped and I gave but we dont actually have it here today. We usually dont calculate it the same way anymore.
Anthony Kure  KeyBanc: Okay. And then last question is just on China. With Asia getting to be a bigger piece of sales, about 14% of sales, how big is China as a piece of that? I know you probably don't want to bust out the exact numbers, but is it half of that, or just how big would China be?
Anders Gustafsson: When we talk about China, we call it Greater China. Thats China, Hong Kong and Taiwan. So, China is obviously the vast majority of that business.
Anthony Kure  KeyBanc: Okay. Great. Thank you guys.
Operator: (Operator instructions) Your next question comes from the line of Keith Housum with NorthCoast Research.
Keith Housum  NorthCoast Research: Good morning, gentlemen. Thanks for taking my phone call. Coming back to gross margins, not to beat a dead horse any further, but one more question on the breakout, or the benefit from quarter-over-quarter. You guys mentioned freight as being one of those primary drivers. With the gas prices or oil prices, being higher in the past few months, if we assume that they stay higher over the next year or so, will that have any impact on the gross margins, or where they stand now they pretty much would be watered down just based on volume?
Mike Smiley: Our forecast takes into consideration current freight, our expectation for current freight costs which would be fuel. Certainly, I think that there is a possibility over the long run for us to freight cost that we paying dont fully absorb the fuel costs, that might, you know, third and fourth quarters have some impact. But I wouldnt call it a major trend in our profitability. I think that the biggest piece, the biggest factor for us is how much of the freight, how much of the product that we put on the ocean versus air. Now, I will tell you, as we get into the year, and as we address some of the Japanese disaster and whether we have to sort of move products a little bit, if possible, we may have a little bit more freight cost at the back end of the year, but thats it.
Anders Gustafsson: For us, as Mike said, the biggest issue is whether we have airfreight or sea freight. The second piece tends to be more of the capacity in the market, more so than I think oil prices. So, plenty of capacity that has a big impact on the freight charges than the oil price does. But oil will always be a indicator, too, but it tends to have a relatively modest impact.
Keith Housum  NorthCoast Research: Okay, great. Appreciate it, thank you. Quickly, one follow-up, I apologize if I missed this before. But the increase in general and administrative quarter-over-quarter, was there a one-time item in there, or is that more of an expected level I see going forward?
Mike Smiley: There were some, for year-over-year, there is some things like medical was a little bit higher, little bit more 401(k) that kind of stuff. There wasnt really any big themes per se in our G&A.
Keith Housum  NorthCoast Research: Okay, thank you very much and congratulations on a great quarter.
Mike Smiley: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. That was our final question. I would now like to turn the floor back over to management for any closing remarks.
Doug Fox: Okay. Thank you very much and thank you for joining us today and for your support in Zebra. Just as a reminder, our next conference call will be on Thursday, August 4th, currently scheduled before 10 AM Central Time. Thank you very much and have a good day.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes todays conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q4  (2011-02-15 11:00:00) =====
Executives:  Douglas Fox  VP, IR Anders Gustafsson  CEO Michael Smiley  CFO Mike Terzich  SVP, Global Sales and Marketing for the Specialty Printing Group
Analysts:  Chris Quilty  Raymond James & Associates Ajit Pai  Stifel Nicolaus Tony Kure  KeyBanc Capital Markets Charles Murphy  Sidoti & Company LLC Paul Coster  J.P. Morgan Securities Andrew Abrams  Avian Securities Marty Moser (ph)  Northwestern Mutual (ph) Greg Halter  Great Lakes Review Keith Housum  Northcoast Research 
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Zebra Technologies 2010 Fourth Quarter Earnings Release Conference Call. Joining us from Zebra Technologies are Anders Gustafsson, CEO, Mike Smiley, CFO, Mike Terzich, Senior Vice President, Global Sales and Marketing for the Specialty Printing Group and Doug Fox, Vice President  Investor Relations. (Operator Instructions) At the request of Zebra Technologies this conference call is being recorded. Should anyone have any objections, please disconnect at this time. At this time, I would like to introduce Doug Fox of Zebra Technologies. Sir, you may begin.
Douglas Fox: Thank you and good morning. Thank you for joining us today. Certain statements made on this call will relate to future events or circumstances and therefore will be forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as expect, believe and anticipate are a few examples of words identifying a forward-looking statement. Forward-looking information is subject to various risks and uncertainties which could significantly affect expected results. Risk factors were noted in the news release issued this morning and are also described in Zebras 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2009 which is on file with the SEC. Now let me turn the call over to Anders Gustafsson for some brief opening remarks.
Anders Gustafsson: Thank you, Doug and good morning, everyone. Here in the room with me are Mike Smiley, our CFO, and Mike Terzich, our SVP of Global Sales and Marketing. Zebras fourth quarter results provide a solid conclusion to an outstanding year in which Zebra gained market share, diversified and expanded its international business and further strengthened its leading brand position. We capped the year with earnings of $0.50 per share, representing Zebras second consecutive record quarter. We also realized 12% year-over-year sales growth with fourth quarter sales of $248.2 million. The consistent run rate business through channel partners together with increased strength in international regions enabled us to deliver our sixth consecutive quarterly sales increase as well as the second highest quarterly level of sales in Zebras history. In addition, high gross margin and a continued focus on expense management drove further improvements in profitability and strong free cash flow. Zebras performance in the fourth quarter and throughout 2010 further demonstrates the effectiveness of our actions to extend industry leadership and serve more of our customers asset tracking needs. During the year we continued to build on this leadership by adding 40 new Zebra sales representatives in high-growth emerging territories including China, Brazil and Turkey. We strengthened customer loyalty by leveraging our financial strength to deliver innovative products in a constrained supply chain environment. We are also now fully benefiting from the outsourcing of printer manufacturing. We have continued to position Zebra to capture more opportunities in large, complex supply chain situations through broader multi-market channel partners including system integrators And independent software venders. We also introduced innovative new products during the past year to expand the range of applications we serve, most notably the ZXP Series 8 with transfer card printer for secure on-demand instant issuance card printing as well as the RXI4 RFID printer and coder for advanced items of tagging with Zebras proprietary neoprene and coding. We continue to view share repurchases as one of the most attractive uses of our cash on a risk adjusted basis in addition to funding key organic growth opportunities. During 2010, we deployed $102 million to buy back 3.3 million Zebra shares including 900,000 share in the fourth quarter. Let me briefly cover some of the highlights of the quarter. Meaningful sales contributions from most of our product lines, most notably our high-end, midrange and desktop printers drove growth in our Specialty Printing Group or SPG. In addition, our international regions maintained strong momentum aided by the investments we made in geographic expansion. For those countries and regions were we added Zebra sales personnel, sales grew 39% for the fourth quarter and 54% for the full year. We enjoyed record sales in Latin America, including shipments to increased number of manufacturing customers as well as a large number of smaller deals. Ongoing positive performance in Brazil and Mexico our two largest countries in the region was supplemented by improved results in other parts of Central and South America. IN EMEA our business momentum carried through the fourth quarter with a combination of ongoing run rate business and significant new wins. Post and grocery applications highlighted strong demand across nearly all sub-regions. The impact of our expansionary investments was also evident of sales increased 90% in Turkey and more than 30% in Indias sub-region. Zebras investment in these markets will enable further penetration into these key growth regions. Our Asia-Pacific region surpassed $100 million in annual sales for the first time. Robust economies in combination with the rebound in export manufacturing and increased local consumption supported growth in just about every sub-region throughout Asia. Our strategic expansion, which displaced more sales representation in China, India, Malaysia and Thailand has proven to be a well-timed investment and provides a solid foundation for further growth, help this channel recruitment from our expanded sales forces added 35 new resellers during the fourth quarter out of a total of a total of more than 150 new resellers per year. Effective sale activities focusing on key strategic accounts resulted in important new contracts with customers in the retail and public safety sectors among others. In North America the heavier retail business that we enjoyed for the past two quarters lightened as retailers focused on the holiday season. The softer retail environment was partially offset by the return various manufacturing, warehousing and transportation and logistics verticals, which enhanced sales of our high performance table-top printers. Overall, we maintained a steady line rate business and the deal pipeline for 2011 is healthy. In addition, the environment for RFID continues to improve. Zebra is now engaged in an increasing number of pilots and discussions with customers in the retail, aerospace and other industries. The depth and breadth of the Zebra RFID printer and coder product line as well as our deep expertise in the technology are proving to be tier competitive advantages. A number of the pilots in which were engaged are using the Zebra RXi4 which we introduced last year. Others incorporate our Zebra RZ400 mid-range printer and coder and our unique proprietary RP4T mobile printer and coder is also proving itself in the field every day. In the fourth quarter we made further important progress on our strategic plans to focus the business on those core areas that we have identified to provide the highest returns to Zebra over long term. As part of our strategic focus we formally announced on January 31, that we entered into a definitive agreement to sell Navis and a small related marine terminal product line from Warenet (ph) to Carbotek (ph) for approximately $190 million in cash. For more than 25 years Zebras strategy has been focused on developing and delivery products and solutions that can be applied across many industries. With industry-specific solutions requiring deep domain expertise Navis offerings are more limited on how broadly they can be applied. By divesting Navis, Zebra can more effectively direct its resources to core opportunities and specialty printing, RFID and Location Solutions. Our current sweep of product and solutions ensure that Zebra continues to be the clear innovation leader in our industry and is well positioned to benefit from the trend toward smaller enterprise business operations and logistics. With the divestiture, we will be consolidating the Location Solutions business of RE F (ph) into Zebra. Location Solutions are much more closely aligned with our asset-tagging strategy and offer an attractive opportunity for Zebra broadly across virtual industries. We exited the year with strong bookings for Location Solutions, including yard management solutions for the U.S. Postal Service, and a large domestic retailer to improve yard throughput. We also closed several exciting automotive deals, as the health of the auto makers and their suppliers improved and interest in productivity solutions returned. Our redefined focus will further enable Zebra to build on its multiple competitive advantages, to grow sales, profitability and shareholder returns. These competitive advantages include: first, the worlds largest install base of thermal printers. Second, the highest level of investment in product development for thermal and barcode-labeled and card printers in the industry. Third, unmatched depth and breadth of products and channel relationships; and, lastly, the industrys premium brand that is most selected by top companies around the world. Today, more software applications and solutions, including leading ERP and WMS systems, support Zebra printers compared with any competing brand. New product solutions, including our portfolio of passive and active RFID, even broader channel partnerships, and a competitive cost structure through scale and outsourcing, continue to add to Zebras competitive advantage and provide a platform to further extend industry leadership. I would now like to turn the call over to our CFO, Mike Smiley, to provide a detailed review of fourth quarter results and guidance for the first quarter of 2011. After Mikes remarks, I will return for some brief closing comments.
Michael Smiley: Thank you, Anders. Let me highlight some of the key components of Zebras fourth quarter financial performance, principally compared with the fourth quarter of the prior year. First, both SPG and ZES sales were within our guidance range. On a consolidated basis, all regions had a solid run rate business, with international regions posting strong year-over-year growth. Second gross margin increased from last year substantially on the increased volume along with material savings and lower overhead and freight charges. All offset by an unfavorable in foreign exchange rates. And third, the business demonstrated attractive operating leverage and in increase in operating margin. Lets take a look at sales. For the quarter, sales up 12% from 220 million last year to 248 million. By business unit, sales increased 12% for SPG and 8% for ZES. On a constant currency basis sales were up 14% as a stronger U.S. dollar against a euro had an unfavorable impact of $6 million on sales from a year ago. By region we had year-over-year strength in Asia Pacific sales, which were up $13 million or 57%. The region was led by 60% growth in China, with healthy sales activity in all sub-regions in all major printer product categories. Robust activity in nearly all sub-regions contributed to EMEAs 12% sales growth. On a constant currency basis, EMEA sales increased 19% year over year. Latin America achieved record sales for the second quarter in a row, up 15% to $23 million. North American sales were up 1% on the continued strength in our Run Rate business, and a pickup in sales to manufacturing customers, offset by retail customers completing much of their purchases earlier in the year. Overall, sales to our top retail customers in North America were up a healthy 39% for the full year. By product category, Hardware sales increased 15% on growth in all major printer product lines and aftermarket parts. Supply sales advanced 7%. Consolidated gross margin of 49.8% was a 420 basis point improvement from a year ago, and 170 basis points from the third quarter. As I mentioned earlier, increased volume, favorable product mix and material savings and lower freight costs all contributed positively to the year-over-year improvement. The increase in the third quarter resulted from more favorable FX rates, higher volumes material savings and rebound in gross margin for ZES from 48% to 56% from an improved product mix and service delivery efficiencies. Operating expenses of $83 million were up 11% from a year ago and reflect higher compensation and incentive costs, increased spending on engineering projects and travel and entertainment expenses. The expenses included $1 million in exit and restructuring integration costs related to the Navis divestiture and integration of locating solutions into Zebra as a whole. We also recognized $1 million in a favorable escrow settlement associated with prior acquisitions. The higher sales and gross margin and moderate growth in operating expenses delivered a 54% improvement in operating income and 16.3% in operating margin for the quarter. Adding back $2.4 million in amortization and $5.1 million in depreciation to the $40 million of operating income resulted in $48 million of cash earnings or 19.3% of sales. The income tax rate of 29.9% for the fourth quarter affects several items, most notably the extension in U.S. R&D tax credits that occurred in December and the ongoing shift in Zebras business in countries  in regions with lower income tax rates. GAAP net income came in at a record of $0.50 per share on 56.7 million average shares outstanding. At December 31, we had 55.7 million share outstanding. For the fourth quarter we used the entire free cash flow of $32 million to buy back 900,000 shares of Zebra stock, up from 765,000 shares in Q3. The average price of the third quarter purchases was $38.56 per share. Zebra generated $110 million in free cash flow for the year or 11.5% on sales. This is up from $81 million or 10.1% in 2009. The days sales outstanding improved to 57 days from 61 days for the third quarter. Inventory turns fell 4.8 times from 5.7 as inventories increased by $18 million. With the easing of the supply chain constraints normalized production is enabling us to take advantage of lower cost ocean-going shipments. The increase in inventories largely reflects more products in the supply pipeline including the number of printers we have on the water. The additional inventories are important in our new outsourcing model to ensure that we have sufficient product on hand to meet customer demand. We ended the quarter with $260 million in cash in investments. Now lets look at our first quarter forecast As weve stated earlier, we expect the Navis transaction to close in the first quarter of this year. Going forward, well be consolidating the Location Solutions into Zebra as a whole. Navis and related assets will be designated as assets held for sale in discontinued operations until it sold. Therefore, the fourth quarter is the last period in which we provide segment results. Well be revising last years financial results for the discontinued operations, and have the quarterly figures available by the first quarters conference call. We are forecasting 2011 first quarter sales of $224 to $235 million reflecting the designation of Navis and related assets as a discontinued operation. For Q1 2010 the revenue from the businesses to be classified as discontinued operations generated roughly $15 million of revenue. Earnings from continuing operations are expected at $0.41 to $0.47 per share, including $0.02 per share for restructuring charges related to the consolidation of Location Solutions into Zebra. Our forecast assumes a consolidated gross margin in the range of 48% to 49%. GAAP operating expenses are forecast between $74 million and $77 million, including the aforementioned $2 million in restructuring charges associated with the consolidation of Location Solutions into Zebra. The tax rate will be 31%, which we expect for all of 2011. That concludes my formal remarks, and now heres Anders for some concluding comments.
Anders Gustafsson: Thank you, Mike. During 2010 our investments to extend industry leadership and generate higher returns were well placed. We secured a greater presence in key regions around the globe where developing market economies and local web creation support attractive profitable growth opportunities. With a sharper business focus and a clear vision for the future, we enter 2011 with a high level of confidence. Zebras multiple competitive advantages position us well to benefit from attractive global trends driving greater demand for tagging high-value assets to gain increased visibility into the supply chain. Our multi-faceted strategy will continue to concentrate on global areas that provide proven low risk high returns, including investing in emerging markets where we can win, continuing to develop channel partnerships and moving up the value chain with independent software vendors, improving on our already solid product development to expand the range of applications in markets we serve and capitalizing on important emerging opportunities that complement our business model. We continue to prioritize and invest in three key areas that have delivered success for Zebra over the long-term: markets, channels and products. For 2011, we will maintain our global channel expansion program. As the Zebra sales representatives placed in fields last year become increasingly productive, we will supplement their efforts with more feet on the street to develop additional and stronger channel relationships in China, Malaysia, Vietnam and Russia, among other important regions. Channel development is also moving forward with independent software vendors or ISVs. Later this week we will be announcing the rollout of a new program supporting ISVs, including development tools and a dedicated Web site. At the same time, our plans call for leveraging Zebras brand strength to expand our strategic focus on Enterprise customers, where we can offer the entire portfolio of Zebra products and solutions. As for any technology company, the success of our global and channel expansion activities depends on how well we meet our customers needs with innovative and superior products and solutions. In 2011, our plans call for the introduction of new products in the Card, Mobile and Kiosk categories. Currently under development in our China engineering center, we are also working on designs for products to meet region-specific needs. Zebras financial strength provides us great flexibility in how we run the business for the long-term benefit of our shareholders. We have identified multiple investment opportunities within the company that will deliver solid risk-adjusted returns. In addition, share buybacks remain an attractive use of our excess cash. At the same time, we are continuing to evaluate potential acquisitions that will enhance our core offerings. This concludes our prepared remarks, and thank you for your attention this morning. I would now like to turn the call over to Doug for Q&A.
Douglas Fox: Thank you, Anders. Before we open the call to your questions, let me ask that you limit yourself to one question and one follow-up. In addition, Mike Smiley and I will be available after the call for any further discussions. Operator, please give instructions for the Q&A.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Well pause for just a moment to compile the Q&A roster. Your first question comes from Chris Quilty.
Chris Quilty  Raymond James & Associates: Hi, Gentlemen.
Michael Smiley: Hi, Chris.
Chris Quilty  Raymond James & Associates: Hi. A question for you on the retail market. It sounds like there was a little bit of a slowdown, perhaps, compared to the traditional Q4 period, where retailers spend the bulk of their remaining Cape? Is that a fair characterization?
Anders Gustafsson: Chris, this is Anders. Wed had very strong retail performance over the last several quarters, and its just east, I would say, a little bit as they kind of moved into more of an execution mode for the fourth quarter. But the pipeline for retail is good when we look into 2011.
Chris Quilty  Raymond James & Associates: Okay. And just regarding the pipeline, the last big retail refresh cycle by my pencil was back in 2004, which would mean were almost two years overdue for a cycle. What do you think is the potential for seeing another cycle here in the next 12 to 24 months?
Anders Gustafsson: Our expectation is that retail will continue to be good, solid contributor, but maybe not with the same one-time refresh cycle as we saw in 2004, but that refresh is going to take continuously over the next one or two years. Mike, do you have comments?
Mike Terzich: Chris, Mike Terzich. A couple other points on the retail space. Retail has grown in significance for the business on two dimensions. One, what was historically very concentrated in North America has been well adapted in every one of our international markets. So our retail results, while they were a little softer in North America as people prepare for the holiday season, executed their holiday season, we saw good retail results across the international markets. Secondly, today retail is probably the only vertical market we have, where we could leverage the entire Zebra portfolio. So what was traditionally a lot of mobility in retail has extended itself into desktop, tabletop solutions in the distribution centers, kiosk in the store, RFID in the yard as well as in some of the garment applications. So I dont think youre going to see the big top of refresh like youve historically seen. I think its going to be a steady state business in all four geographies for us in 2011.
Chris Quilty  Raymond James & Associates: Okay. Thank you.
Mike Terzich: Okay.
Operator: Your next question is from Ajit Pai with Stifel Nicolaus.
Ajit Pai  Stifel Nicolaus: Yeah. Good morning.
Michael Smiley: Hey, Ajit.
Anders Gustafsson: Good morning, Ajit.
Ajit Pai  Stifel Nicolaus: A couple of prior for me. I have one question and the one follow-up. The question itself is just looking at your execution channel strategy that you just talked about, could you give us some idea as to what you believe your share in Asia is right now? And over the next three to five years whether you expect to get the R-ez (ph) share in the U.S. and western markets?
Anders Gustafsson: So first you asked about our share in Asia and then for North America and Europe? Im not sure what else.
Ajit Pai  Stifel Nicolaus: When  so yeah. What do you think that share is per day and where it could get over the next three to five years based on your view of the channel strategy that youre embarking on?
Anders Gustafsson: Yeah. I think that first we believe that we have a very strong market share position in each of the four regions, and we will tend to rely on VDC (ph) data for what that is, but we do believe that we are very well placed to continue to extend our lead and gain further share as we get our new channel programs, our expanded channel programs and geographic investments to really become productive and in many of these new emerging markets also we see a strong performance for our high-end tabletop printers for manufacturing, which is good from a market share and a from a profitability perspective. And the market itself is growing in these areas also as we one, expand from our traditional, say, western companies that have expanded into emerging markets through more of the local competitors as the local economies strengthen. And also in Western Europe and the U.S. we expect to continue to expand into near adjacencies like healthcare for instance.
Ajit Pai  Stifel Nicolaus: Got it. The second follow-on question just looking at you now have cash on your balance sheet designated and a solid balance sheet, youre generating cash, and you also mentioned that youre going to be prioritizing acquisitions. Could you give us some color as to how rich the pipeline is right now? And sort of some color, you dont have to give us any specifics but some color on the nature of those acquisitions.
Anders Gustafsson: Look, first I think we werent really trying to say that we are accelerating or enhancing our view on acquisition. Were just saying thats one of several uses of cash that we look at. Our acquisition strategy has not changed from before. We continue to evaluate all our investment opportunities against other opportunities on a risk adjusted basis. And the first main hurdle, though, is make sure that acquisitions have a good strategic fit and really complement our core business, and we will continue to be very disciplined in what we pursue. We have had opportunities over the last year or two to make acquisitions, but we have so far refrained from that either because those didnt fit our strategic focus or the financial hurdles were  they didnt meet our financial hurdles.
Ajit Pai  Stifel Nicolaus: Got it. But from an acquisition perspective, is there one area that you are more focused in than others? Like for example, is supply becoming a more relevant part of your thinking or is still focused on the traditional areas youve looked at?
Anders Gustafsson: Yeah. I think we were saying our focus area is primarily around our core business and how we can strengthen and expand that.
Ajit Pai  Stifel Nicolaus: Got it. Thank you.
Anders Gustafsson: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Tony Kure with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Tony Kure  KeyBanc Capital Markets: Good morning, gentlemen. How are you today?
Michael Smiley: Howre you doing, Tony?
Tony Kure  KeyBanc Capital Markets: Pretty good. A couple of questions, if we were to exclude Navis now going forward, or I guess we are excluding Navis going forward, the remaining business, will that contribute now positively to operating income and growth? Or would that be sort of, without Navis in the picture, still operating at a loss? If you could just maybe speak to how that on an operating income basis will impact the P&L going forward?
Michael Smiley: Yeah. This is Mike Smiley. Basically if you look over the year of 2010, the business that will be reflecting discontinued operations is basically a break-even business from an operating income standpoint. So you can sort of take that and realize that the rest of the economics that flow through ZES is related to Location. I think with Location Solutions, we feel good about the fact it has very strong, strategic fit with the rest of SPG, and we also see that that business that were retaining had top line growth north of 20%. We expect robust growth in 2011, and we also see the fact that we have in 2011, because we are moving that Location business into the greater Zebra business, we have the ability to improve the cost model, taking costs out. Were also outsourcing some of our products in that, like J-Bill (ph) and such, which will enhance our gross margin. So all those things I think as you look at the economics of the business that were holding, we feel like its got a great opportunity. Its core to what were doing. So thats how Id sort of put it.
Tony Kure  KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay. Just to make sure I understood, you said if you look at 2010 it was basically a breakeven business, did you mean excluding Navis it was a breakeven business?
Michael Smiley: No. Im saying its a business were putting in discontinued operations is breakeven. So the business that were holding onto is most of the operating loss that you saw for 2010.
Tony Kure  KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay. Great. Thank you. Then as far as the sequential strength in EMEA, it looked like it was up about 11%, and Latin America up 4% sequentially. Can you just maybe talk about whats going on in those markets? And then contrast that with the sequential decline? Well, I guess in North America you talked to the retailers, but Asia was down sequentially also, if you could maybe speak to that?
Anders Gustafsson: Yeah. So first on Latin America we had a record quarter in Latin America, the second consecutive record for Latin America on a quarterly basis. I will say for Latin America and EMEA there was similar performance. It was very broad based. There was not one country or one vertical or one product that stood out. In Europe there was I think all but one of our sub-regions generated growth and similarly in Latin America they all generated growth. A broad variety of different industries, so manufacturing, retail, transportation, logistics, self-service all had good wins in those regions. For Asia-Pac, Q3 tends to be the strongest quarter for Asia-Pac. So Q4 was just I would say a normal seasonality and it was just a fraction lower than it was in Q3. And in Q3 it was a record for Asia-Pac historically. So Q4 was our second  or number two I guess on the record list. So we felt that those were very good results. And in North America we had good growth year over year of 12.5%. But it was lower in Q4 and that was primarily driven by the strong Retail business weve had taking a little bit of breather as they  that vertical focused more on executing their Q4 plans.
Tony Kure  KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay. Great. Thank you. Thats helpful.
Operator: Your next question is from Charles Murphy with Sidoti & Company LLC.
Charles Murphy  Sidoti & Company LLC: Good morning, guys.
Anders Gustafsson: Morning.
Charles Murphy  Sidoti & Company LLC: So I was wondering given the Navis divesture could you kind of give us a ball park of what we should expect from gross margins in the fourth quarter of 11 and kind of for the full year?
Michael Smiley: Well I think we  in the my comments I quoted where we thought the gross margin would be, which is I think 48% to 49%.
Charles Murphy  Sidoti & Company LLC: Okay. Sorry didnt catch that.
Michael Smiley: No. Its okay.
Charles Murphy  Sidoti & Company LLC: Okay. And then another question was in terms of whats left for Location Solutions could you kind of go back through what the products are? What their fit is with I guess the Specialty Printing Group and is anything going to be pruned within the portfolio there?
Anders Gustafsson: The Location Solutions is really made up of our real-time location systems so thats the active RFID portfolio. That has, we believe, much stronger synergies with our Specialty Printing Group. Those products can be applied across a wide variety of vertical markets and applications. So they do suit kind of our horizontal business model. And we believe that they have very good, very solid growth opportunities over the next several years. As we grew 20% last year, North of 20% and we expect to have no less than that in growth for this year. And the remaining parts of our business end is really Navis end related Warenet (ph) product line that were divesting to Cargo Tech (ph). And were also considering then some other smaller product lines that may not fit. But they are immaterial to the overall picture.
Charles Murphy  Sidoti & Company LLC: So would the active RFID and such be sold through the same channels as your printers now? Or?
Mike Terzich: Charles, its Mike Terzich. Let me take that. Yes in part. Theres also some opportunities for us to work very specifically with some of our larger strategic accounts. And a good example of the synergy that we have between the Ellas (ph) product portfolio and the traditional SPG portfolio is in the last quarter we had significant amount of business opportunity with a one of the bigger box retailers. Ill just say its in the hardware space. Well leave it at that. But it presented an opportunity for us both at the yard management side of the business which is where the Ellas Solution (ph) the real time active RFID solution was deployed. And weve been doing quite a bit of work on the in store side. And that business is typically carried by a combination of channel partners in portions of that business and also on some direct sales opportunities when they present themselves.
Charles Murphy  Sidoti & Company LLC: Got it. Okay. Thanks.
Mike Terzich: Okay.
Operator: Your next question is from Paul Coster with J.P. Morgan Securities.
Paul Coster  J.P. Morgan Securities: You. Mike, Im wondering if youd be kind enough just to comment a little bit on input costs and so the impediment they may have on gross margins. Im thinking here in terms of inflationary pressures in China and component costs and resin costs and so on.
Mike Terzich: Yeah. Good question. I think that we have been seeing some small amount of price pressure on some of our raw materials. However, I think again one of the benefits of working for a company with the financial resources we are making R&D investment. Its helping us value engineer our products. And we also feel like we have the ability to continue to year-over-year negotiate more favorable pricing. So although we will experience the pressures of some of the higher costs we think the net will actually in the long run benefit from the activities were working on so overcome the impact of the cost pressures that we have.
Paul Coster  J.P. Morgan Securities: And my follow-up I just want to check here that the intention moving forward is any acquisition is too it should be of the of horizontal benefit across all markets. That theres no more focus on verticals.
Anders Gustafsson: No. We will decline to make sure therell be acquisitions support our core strategy and business model of working horizontally across many markets. And we dont perceive that we are very well placed to have deep vertical expertise in any industry. And therefore, our leverage comes from being able to provide solutions that can work across many.
Paul Coster  J.P. Morgan Securities: Sorry. Just one question then. Did you retain any of the sort of industry know how that was in the Navis team? Did you just let go of everything there? Or did you retain certain sort of strategic assets that help you at least sort of stay fairly close to some of those industries that Navis serves?
Anders Gustafsson: Navis was really focused on the marine terminal market. That is a very modest market for the remaining part of Zebra. So we didnt see a need for that, but we will retain Navis as a channel partner for selling our other products and solutions into those marine terminal customers.
Paul Coster  J.P. Morgan Securities: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Your next questions from Andrew Abrams with Avian Securities.
Andrew Abrams  Avian Securities: Hi. I wonder if you could maybe just talk a little bit about the non-retail pipeline. What youre seeing there in terms of kind of the enterprise customer. Are you still confident that the enterprise customer is there for the next couple of quarters and youve seen that improvement that weve seen I guess over the last quarter or two continue through in that customer side? Or is a lot of your confidence coming out of the run rate, the direct, the normal run rate business that youre used to seeing on a quarter-over-quarter basis?
Mike Terzich: Andrew, this is Mike Terzich. Ill take that question. This is  I could give you a really comprehensive answer, but I think one of the broad-based strengths of Zebra has been the diversity of our vertical markets and our geographic focus. So Im going to try to paint a little bit of a picture for you. In North America we saw the return of some of the traditional manufacturing business, thats really a big core to the North America marketplace. We saw a return in manufacturing and some of the warehouse and T&L space, particularly driven by the automotive tier one, tier two suppliers for automotive. I think theyre more bullish on their near-term outlook and thats resulting in some CapEx spending for our equipment. When you get outside the United States, manufacturing is the predominate vertical market for us for the multi nationals in places like Asia and even in places like Mexico and in Eastern Europe. In addition, weve extended ourselves vertically, and theres a lot of enterprise opportunity in what were qualifying as field mobility. This is  weve been talking about this over several quarters now, but when you look at macroeconomic trends and the pressure being put on this whole work force around the globe, its really introduced us to quite a bit of opportunity in every geographic region and this is the folks that deliver Pepsi and beer, et cetera beverages to a variety of retail locations. The folks that do field service, whether its the washing machine repairman, et cetera, and its created a lot of opportunity as petroleum prices continue to increase putting more pressure on labor and the efficiency of that labor. And then I think the last piece of this for us is we started to extend ourselves a little deeper into some spaces where we could leverage parts of our product line that are perhaps less obvious to everyone. And that would be in the area of financial services. Weve seen an increase. We took a piece of business in the fourth quarter with a large bank in Latin America where it issued an issuance of debit cards and credit cards are beginning to find their way into some opportunity for our re-transfer product and some of our direct-to-card products. So the diversity of our vertical focus and the diversity of our geographical focus has really been one of our great strengths and its allowed us to buffer in some cases where there may be a short-term blip or a little softness like fourth quarter retail in North America. Hope that helps.
Andrew Abrams  Avian Securities: Thats great. I appreciate it. Just one other question on margins 48, 49 for fourth quarter. Should we kind of look the rest of the year the same way now that Navis is gone and I assume is out of that number? Would we continue to see those kind of margins for the rest of the year or are we looking for something different?
Anders Gustafsson: I think some of the high 40s that weve been quoting is probably a reasonable expectation for the year. But Ill tell you theres  exchange rates will affect us. Product mix will affect us. Those things will drive us one way or the other. But I think were pretty confident were going to stay at sort of this higher range that weve been experiencing for a little while.
Andrew Abrams  Avian Securities: Terrific. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Your next question is from Greg Halter with Great Lakes Review.
Greg Halter  Great Lakes Review: Hello. Good morning.
Anders Gustafsson: Hey, Greg.
Michael Smiley: Good morning.
Greg Halter  Great Lakes Review: You obviously bought stock in 2010 including the 900,000 shares you mentioned in the quarter, but your cash is still rising and even more pending the sale of Navis. Just wondering what your thoughts are in regards to an even more aggressive share repurchase, a one-time dividend, or a dividend that you may implement and increase on an annual basis given your strong cash flow.
Anders Gustafsson: So at first, yeah, as we said we have been quite the active and aggressive in buying back shares over the last couple of years, three years at least. Last year we bought back $102 million worth of shares that 3.3 million shares. We will continue to evaluate share repurchases on a risk adjusted basis, and our view is that, that is still a very attractive investment for us. We have looked at dividends and one-time dividends, and we feel or with respect to dividend that most of our investors seem to be favoring continue with buy backs as it gives us more flexibility to step it up if theres a little different share price and continue to be active in the market more consistently. And that also goes for the one-time buy back that we perceive that it is more attractive for us to average enterprise versus just picking a specific price, and showing consistency by being active over a longer period of time, but we do expect that we will be buying back at elevated levels compared to prior years.
Greg Halter  Great Lakes Review: Okay. And one follow up for you back on the Navis. I just want to make sure I heard this correctly. If I do the math, it looks like there was an operating loss for ZES of about $19.6 million for the year. If you back out the sales and Im presuming $15 million in the quarter, which will give you $60, thats a loss of almost $20 million on sales of $25 million. And thats the piece that will be kept and obviously it will be melded in with the SPG. Youre doing quite well on your gross margin and your profits even with that, but Im just wondering at what point if that business were separate, if we would see it breakeven or even turn into the green.
Anders Gustafsson: Well, the intent is to make that happen but I dont expect it, we dont expect it to be in 2011. But, again, let me just go back and reiterate why were keeping it and why we are excited about that business. It does have a very good strategic fit with our overall strategy of trying to build a broad set of solutions around how to do asset tagging on high valued assets and inventories across a broad range of industries. And we see great synergies in how we take this to market by having a more integrated organization. Weve already moved the sales organization to the part of Mike Terzichs organization to create better opportunities for us to cover large enterprise customers with the entire portfolio of products. We have integrated the supply chain and the engineering organizations with Hugh Gagnier, who runs our worldwide development and operations team. So we are taking full advantage of those integration synergies, but in 2010 we had well over 20% growth, which we think is very attractive business for us to be in. And we believe that, that growth will continue at that level or higher for 2011 and beyond. We are doing a lot of things to improve the cost structure. We are outsourcing our active RFID products to J-Bill (ph) in China, and were seeing similarly, if you look on the SPG side, good gross margin improvements, and were eliminating overhead functions that we no longer need to duplicate by folding this organization back into Zebra. So we certainly expect that, for 2011, the profitability will be much improved, but we also expect it to have very high growth to take us into 2011 and beyond.
Greg Halter  Great Lakes Review: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your next question is from Keith Housum from Northcoast Research.
Keith Housum  Northcoast Research: Good morning, guys. Thanks for taking my call. I was hoping you might spend a little bit of time on the selling and marketing expense here in the fourth quarter, and obviously the increase over the prior quarter. Is there more one-time items in there, or would be expect that to be creeping up just a little bit based on your exploration into the emerging market, and so forth?
Michael Smiley: Yeah. I think that youre seeing a couple of things happen. First of all, as we went into the quarter, we dont want to brag, but we thought we had a great year. And as a result of that, the commissions were higher for our sales forces. They hit certain levels, thered be accelerators on some of those commissions, which hit us in the fourth quarter. The other thing is we are building on this geographic expansion, which again, as Anders just quoted, weve had  in those areas where weve had a head count to growth in top line from that in those areas have been dramatic, and we feel like those have been wise investments. So the two big things, again, I would say, would be primarily commissions and geographic expansion, and then a little bit of additional marketing expense that we spent in the fourth quarter.
Keith Housum  Northcoast Research: So overall, most of its more one-time, as opposed to going forward and increasing that rate?
Michael Smiley: Well, again, the geographic expansion, we didnt hire the people to let them go. So that stuff will stay. But the commissions, again, because we did exceed some of our expectations, that stuff is elevated.
Keith Housum  Northcoast Research: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: You have a follow-up question from Greg Halter of Great Lakes Review.
Greg Halter  Great Lakes Review: Yes. One of the hallmarks of the company has historically been percentage from new  sorry  percentage of sales from new products, and that had trailed off due to Rolehaus (ph) and some of the other issues. Just wondered where that figure stood for 2010, if you have it, and where you would like to see that go?
Anders Gustafsson: Its  we usually comment on that every quarter. Weve really stopped doing that, but in Q4, our revenue from new products was 17.5%. It was up about 4% from the prior year.
Greg Halter  Great Lakes Review: Okay. Thats excellent. And regarding one of your big customers, how much did ScanSource represent of either the quarters or the full year sales?
Michael Smiley: I think it was roughly 18% for the year.
Greg Halter  Great Lakes Review: Okay. And one last one, you mentioned, Mike, about the gross margin and then impact from currency being a negative. Any idea what that was in terms of basis points?
Michael Smiley: So basically if it wasnt for exchange rate, we would have been closer to 50.8% versus 49.8%.
Greg Halter  Great Lakes Review: Okay. Great. Thank you very much.
Michael Smiley: Thats 1%.
Greg Halter  Great Lakes Review: Yeah. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question is from Marty Moser (ph) from Northwestern Mutual (ph).
Marty Moser  Northwestern Mutual: Hello.
Anders Gustafsson: Hello, Marty (ph).
Marty Moser  Northwestern Mutual: I did  just sort of a big picture, where we are in sort of the CapEx cycle, whats sort of a normalized growth rate for Zebra on a top line, now that weve sort of gotten back to the core business here after the bounce back from bad numbers on 09? And then the recovery in 10?
Anders Gustafsson: Yeah. Thats a broad, big picture question. I think we feel that the global economies have stabilized quite nicely over the last six months. In the four we were wondering a bit more what 2011 would look like if the economies would kind of have the momentum to drive through 2011. I think we feel based on conversations with our channel partners and end users that theyre seeing better pipelines and more business opportunities. The overall tone of the commentary on the economy is better. So I think we feel that the economic situation is improving, and we still are in a recovery cycle compared to a few years back. As far as our growth rates going forward, we would probably base that off publicly available data like VDCs (ph) market growth data, which tends to be in the mid to slightly over midpoint single digit growth rates, and we would like to see us take some share off that, so slightly higher growth rates for Zebra.
Marty Moser  Northwestern Mutual: Okay. Thats reasonable. And then a previous caller had mentioned sort of a $19.6 million loss that youre sort of kind of operating basis for sort of whats left. Is that a reasonable starting point or were there some charges in there? And then youre also going to offset that with some sort of efficiencies by folding it in? If you could just give us  Im trying to figure what that stud run rate is for operating loss?
Michael Smiley: There is restructuring charges in there. You can sort of pick that out from the quarterly returns. Its probably about, Im guessing about $1 million. Id have to double check there, but there is some restructuring in that $19 million. And, again, as we do the our sourcing on the  on some of the products to J-Bill (ph), we expect that to improve our gross margin. Also we have some cost reductions that Anders is talking about. So I would expect a nice improvement in 2011, although were not quoting sort of longer term type view on that, but I think it is going to improve in a good fashion.
Marty Moser  Northwestern Mutual: Okay. And then if I could one more follow up just on retail. Does it feel like that was just a pause and things will be, I think you sort of said sort of normal, steady growth rather than a big pop on a refresh cycle going into 2011 and 12?
Mike Terzich: Marty (ph), this is Mike Terzich. I think the real take away for retail is that, to my earlier comments, its become increasingly more important to us globally. So beyond just the North America markets, were seeing a steady growth in that business, and because the application diversity is much greater than what it used to be historically. When we used to talk about retail in the past years, there was a certain lumpiness to our business, which was very concentrated in North America. So my point is that I think retail will have another good year in 2011, and the application diversity is going to be very broad for us across those product platforms I mentioned earlier. And its growing in consequence in some of the international markets as well as those economies strengthen and people are gainfully employed and they have demand for western goods and services, so to speak. So you wont see, I dont think youll see the big, the volatility and the big pops in our retail business, but it will be a steady, growing contributor overall.
Marty Moser  Northwestern Mutual: And specifically North America, any comments going forward on that?
Mike Terzich: We expect that in 2011 were going to have another healthy year in North America. If you look at the CapEx spending for retail, the projections are- theyre solid, not as spectacular as perhaps the 2010 numbers were but still nonetheless very good.
Marty Moser  Northwestern Mutual: Thank you very much.
Operator: You have a follow-up question from Greg Halter with Great Lakes Review.
Greg Halter  Great Lakes Review: Hello, again, and thanks for taking it. You had almost $31 million in CapEx spending in 2010. Just wondered what your thoughts may be for 2011, if there are any singular big projects in there as well?
Michael Smiley: Yeah. The 2010 number was elevated as we were doing an ERP implementation and as we went live on that. So we expect that it will probably go down by one-third in 2011 from the 33 million. So take one-third off of that, that would probably be a good guess for 2011.
Greg Halter  Great Lakes Review: And since you brought it up on the ERP, how has that gone for you in terms of going live?
Anders Gustafsson: Its gone really well for us. We started this project two, three years back, and we have had a phased approach. So weve gone  were now into basically the third wave, and we had basically the largest single go-live event in the entire program, two weekends ago I guess it was in Europe, and we had no major issues. Lots of smaller things to clean up and stuff, but all the functionality works, all the program works. So we feel very good that we are having a well-managed, well-controlled program thats going to deliver the benefits and the synergies that we expected.
Greg Halter  Great Lakes Review: And are there any more waves to the implementation or is this it?
Anders Gustafsson: This was basically the order-to-cash implementation, and we did that in Europe first. And were going to do the implement in North America later in this year. So that will be the last big wave, then were going to continue obviously to do other new software programs and stuff, but it probably wont be called Merlin as we call the overall European implantation. There will just be more one-off type of implementations.
Greg Halter  Great Lakes Review: Great. That sounds good. Thank you.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time.
Douglas Fox: Okay. Well, with that, thank you everybody for joining us today. Just mark your calendar for May 4 for our next scheduled conference call for our first quarter financial results. Have a good day.
Operator: This does conclude todays conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q2  (2010-08-05 11:00:00) =====
Management: Anders Gustafsson - Chief Executive Officer  Mike Smiley - Chief Financial Officer  Mike Terzich - Senior Vice President, Global Sales and Marketing, SPG Doug Fox - Vice President Investor Relations
Analysts :  
Reik Reed - Robert W. Baird: Brian Drab - William Blair & Company
Maria - J.P. Morgan Securities:
Chris Quilty - Raymond James Associates :
Ajit Pai - Stifel Nicolaus:
Karl Ackerman - KeyBanc Capital Markets:
Greg Halter - Great Lakes Review: Andrew Abrams - Avian Securities 
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Zebra Technologies 2010 second quarter earnings release conference call. Joining us from Zebra Technologies are Anders Gustafsson, CEO; Mike Smiley, CFO; and Mike Terzich, Senior Vice President, Global Sales and Marketing, SPG; and Doug Fox, Vice President Investor Relations.  All lines will be in a listen-only mode until after todays presentation. Instructions will be given at that time in order to ask a question. At the request of Zebra Technologies, this conference call is being recorded. Should anyone have any objections, please disconnect at this time. At this time, I would like to introduce Mr. Doug Fox of Zebra Technologies. Sir, you may begin.
Doug Fox: Thank you, and good morning. Thank you for joining us today. Certain statements made on this call will relate to future events or circumstances and therefore will be forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as expect, believe and anticipate are a few examples of words identifying a forward-looking statement.  Forward-looking information is subject to various risks and uncertainties, which could significantly affect expected results. Risk factors were noted in the news release issued this morning and are also described in Zebras 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2009, which is on file with the SEC. Now, let me turn the call over to Anders Gustafsson for some brief opening remarks.
Anders Gustafsson: Thank you, Doug and good morning everyone. Here in the room with me are Mike Smiley, our CFO; and Mike Terzich, our SVP of Global Sales and Marketing with the Specialty Printer Group. Today, Zebra reported results that well exceeded expectations.  Sales of $235.7 million established the fourth consecutive quarter of sequential sales growth and we are up 4% from the first quarter and 26% from a year ago. Broad-based demand in all regions and all major industries helped drive this favorable performance.  Globally, further improvements in large-deal activity complemented an ongoing firm run rate business. At $0.39 in GAAP EPS, we sustained high gross margins and offering profits aided by benefits from our outsourcing initiative. Over the past two years, we have developed and executed an integrated strategy to build stronger customer relationships, lower product costs, capitalize in growing opportunities in emerging regions and improve operational efficiency. Our second quarter performance is due impart to this strategy. Our scale and execution are extending Zebras industry leadership and making us the most strategic partner to our customers. All of this has positioned Zebra for further profitable growth and greater shareholder value creation. During the second quarter, we continued to make progress on our strategic initiatives to deliver shareholder value. We substantially completed this years investments in geographic expansion with the addition of Zebra sales people in emerging markets and the opening of new sales offices in Brazil, Turkey and China. In addition, our second quarter results reflect 360 basis point improvements to gross margin from outsourcing, exceeding our 250 to 300 basis point target. At the same time, we began positioning Zebra higher in the value chain by enriching our goal to market channels by building stronger relationships with system integrators and independent software vendors.  Our product development activities have also enabled us to continue to create an increasingly compelling product line to meet more regional and vertical specific needs. In addition to our internal activity investments to drive organic growth, we continue to deploy our resources in other activities with the highest risk adjusted returns. During the quarter, we invested $26 million, nearly all the quarters free cash flow to buy back nearly 1 million shares of Zebra stock. As we disclosed in this mornings press release, we completed the repurchase of all 3 million shares under the previous authorization, and the Board has approved an additional buy back of 3 million shares. Since 2005, we have returned more than $520 million shares to shareholders by buying back a total of 15 million shares or 20% of shares outstanding. We believe that repurchasing Zebra shares continues to be an attractive investment at this time. Well briefly cover some of the highlights for the quarter in Specialty Printing and Enterprise Solutions, in Specialty Printing or SPG, all geographic regions performed well across a wide range of industries and products, a further indication of Zebra market and brand strength.  Sales increased $5 million from the first quarter. These results were driven by particularly strong performance in North America. The pace of North American bookings were strong with sales into retail, food service and small package delivery of mobile, kiosk and desktop printers. During the quarter, sales of wristbands exceeded $1 million for the first time, an indication of the growing traction of our healthcare solutions. Furthermore, we secured another new and exciting pilot for our innovative IQ color labels, which enables spot color on thermal printing.  We also launched a pilot that pairs Zebra mobile printers with smart phones, enabled by Zebra developed smart phone printer drivers. We are beginning to see an increase in smart phone applications in the [AIDC] market and we believe Zebra is well positioned to benefit from this important trend. Our RFID printer/encoder sales reached an all time quarterly record in Q2. Shipments for the period include a significant order for Zebra RP-14 mobile RFID printers into a retail-based apparel application. As a leader in passive RFID, Zebra offers its customers unique printing and encoding technologies. The Zebra RP-14 is ideally suited for in-store applications as the worlds first mobile thermal transfer printer with RFID printing and encoding capability. Further, our tabletop printer encoders incorporate our patented on pitch or near-field encoding which facilities Packards encoding of closely spaced labels at high speed. This capability means customers reduce waste, improve productivity and ultimately save money. All these benefits lead to high return on their RFID investments. Zebra has the industrys broadest range of RFID printer encoders to serve more of our customers on demand labeling needs. We are seeing growing interest in RFID applications. We believe the current developments in retail to implement item level apparel marking will stimulate greater interest in RFID, and we have set up our marketing activities to take advantage of these emerging opportunities. In addition to North America, all these financial regions remain strong and steady throughout the quarter. In EMEA, nearly all sub regions performed well, with France, the Middle East and Central and Eastern Europe posting notable growth. Here again, retail along with government and healthcare were favorable industries for Zebra. Further economic recovery in Asia Pacific led to record SPG and consolidated sales in the region. We view these results as a positive confirmation of our recent decision to add resource in this region. We continue to experience strong demand for high performance printers from the manufacturing sector as well as increased penetration into government, healthcare and retail.  In Latin America, card applications for driver licenses in Argentina and national ID cards in Ecuador complemented sales of high performance printers for manufacturing. Continuing with high rates of growth, SPG sales in Brazil increased more than 130% year-over-year for the second quarter.  Let me now turn to Zebra Enterprise Solutions or ZES. As $23 million, ZES revenues exceeded expectations. Bookings were also strong. Momentum and the dealer pipeline grew for location systems to track high value assets, as traditional customers in automotive and manufacturing began to reinvest in our solutions again. On the supply chain logistic operation side of ZES, we had some significant deals for our maritime and core systems. Terminal operators around the world continue to rely on ZES solutions for state of the art software and hardware that optimize their business operations.  We also made solid progress with our channel network. ZES enhanced its programs with go-to-market training to strengthen partner relationships and selling effectiveness. We secured an increased number of active RFID contracts through our channel partners for customers in manufacturing, healthcare and retail.  In addition, we have seen increased interest in our personal safety systems. Were trying to track personal assets in petrochemical and other process industries. The system was developed around our proprietary, ultra wide band radio technology for high precision, real time location systems in hazardous environments.  In conclusion, Zebras results for the second quarter and first half of 2010 demonstrate the effectiveness of our strategy to serve global customers with innovative solutions through superior go-to-market channels. We are confident that the programs underway to extend our global reach; yield a more robust product pipeline and develop stronger channel relationships will all enable us to gain share and continue to deliver increasing shareholder value.  Our results demonstrate that customers are increasingly turning to Zebra as a strategic partner to more affectively identify, track and manage assets through the supply chain and across the enterprise in a smarter and more connected world.  Id now like to turn the call over to our CFO, Mike Smiley, to provide a detailed review of second quarter results and guidance for the third quarter of 2010. After Mikes remarks, I will return for some brief closing comments. 
Mike Smiley: Thank you, Anders. Let me highlight some of the key components of Zebras second quarter financial performance. First, we had double digit year-over-year sales growth in all geographic territories, record sales in Asia Pacific and strong sequential sales growth in North America.  Second, we maintained high gross margins of 3.6 percentage points from a year ago including the effect of unfavorable foreign currency translation and continued higher than normal expediting freight charges in a constrained supply chain environment. And third, operating expenses of 14% year-over-year, were within our guidance range.  Lets take a look at sales. For the quarter, sales were up 26% from $188 million last year, the low point during the downturn. SPG sales increased 27%. ZES sales of $23 million were up 14% from a year ago. With a stronger U.S. dollar against the Euro, foreign exchange had an unfavorable impact of $5 million on sales.  On a constant currency bases sales grew 28% year-over-year. Sequentially, net sales increased 4% including a $5.7 million unfavorable impact from foreign exchange. On a consolidated basis, all geographic regions contributed to the year-over-year growth. North American sales up $22 millions was the largest contributor to the increase with a consistence pace of bookings, including the further return of large-deal transactions concentrated in retail and mobile workforce. Asia Pacific sales up 44% reached a new quarterly record of $29 million, a notable strength in manufacturing in China and South Korea. Favorable business activities across nearly all sub regions enabled EMEA sales to advance $12 million or 17% including a negative impact of foreign exchange.  Latin American sales were up 38%. By product line, hardware sales were up 31% year-over-year. While sales of all major printer categories were up from a year ago, sales of high performance and mid-range tabletop models were restricted by component shortages in the extended supply chain. Overall, however, our printer supplier Jabel worked extremely well to give us products to fulfill customer orders. Supply sales were also strong up 22% from a year ago and 7% from the first quarter. In addition to the favorable sales trends, we were successful in improving profit margins in this category by focusing more on proprietary products such as wristband and running operations more effectively.  The Zebra Enterprise Solution sales of $22 million up 22% from the first quarter exceeded our guidance range. As Anders mentioned, pipeline activity and bookings improved along with sales. In addition, the cash earnings lost near, considerably to $800,000 from $2.8 million for the first quarter.  Consolidated gross margin of 47.2% up 3.6 percentage points from a year ago was comparable with the first quarter margin. On a sequential basis, material savings largely from outsourcing along with volume improvements and mix offset the one percentage point unfavorable impact from foreign exchange.  Freight charges to expedite shipments, necessary because of continued supply chain constraints declined modestly as anticipated from the first quarter will remain elevated by approximately $3 million or 140 basis points of margin over normal levels. Operating expenses of $78 million in line with expectations were up 14% from a year ago and 4% from the first quarter. Bonuses and commissions were the primary reasons for the increases, both year-over-year and sequentially. Business development expenses, marketing events, PR and marketing development funding also contributed to the increases.  Employee related benefits also had an impact on the increase from a year ago. The sales growth; gross margin, operating expenses combine to generate 150% increase in operating income to $33 million for a 14% margin.  Adding back $2.3 million in amortization and $5.9 million in depreciation to the $33 million of operating income resulted in $41 million of earnings before interest taxes, depreciation and amortization and with 17.4% of sales, up from 11.3% last year. With an income tax rate of 32%, GAAP net income came in at $0.39 per share on 57.7 million average shares outstanding. At July 3, we had 57.2 million shares outstanding. Second quarter free cash flow totaled $28 million; $26 million of which we used to buy back 935,000 shares of Zebra stock. The average price of the second quarter purchases was $27.76 per share, which is the same as in the first quarter. So, the first half of 2010, free cash flow amounted to $52 million.  Todays sales outstanding improved from 59 days for the first quarter to 58 days. Inventory turns increased to 6 times from 5.9 and we ended the quarter with $255 million in cash and investments. Now lets look at our third quarter forecast. We are forecasting sales of $230 million to $244 million in a period that is seasonally flat to down from the second quarter. We expect SPG sales in the range of $210 million to $222 million and ZES sales between $20 million to $22 million.  Our forecast assumes consolidated gross profit margin in the range of 46.5% to 48% including an assumption for continued elevated freight charges related to ongoing supply chain constraints. GAAP operating expenses are expected between $77million and $80 million. GAAP earnings are expected in the range of $0.36 to $0.43 per share and income tax rate will be 32%. That concludes my formal remarks, thank you for your attention. Now, heres Anders for some concluding comments.
Anders Gustafsson: Thank you, Mike. Our second quarter and first half results demonstrate that Zebras industry leadership, global scale and business diversity are enabling us to help more customers solve more asset tracking and management challenges. Our strategy of investing our investment to strengthen customer and channel relationship, capitalize on high growth regions across the world, improve operational efficiency and lower product costs are all proven low-risk, high-return activities. They will continue to pay off in improved sales and earnings growth and will provide considerable benefits to the company and our shareholders well into the future. Our multi-faceted growth strategy includes the following areas: Investing in emerging markets where we can win, continuing to develop channel partnerships and moving up the value chain with large system integrators and independent software vendors, improving on our already solid product development to expand the range of applications in markets we serve, and capitalizing on important emerging opportunities that makes sense with our business model. Our most recent investments in emerging markets are beginning to achieve very good results. As local channel partners appreciate the improved coverage from an increased number of Zebra sales representatives in high-growth territory. We are maximizing our return on investments in geographic extension by conducting primary research to identify the best market opportunities. In this way, we are able to identify the right verticals to pursue and develop appropriate go-to-market channels. During the second half of 2010, we will complete the remaining office openings plan for this year, which are all located in Asia Pacific. Further development of channel partnerships also enables us to reach more customers in addition to expanding bar channels overseas and ensuring top-level channel programs in North America. Stronger relationships with large system integrators are positioning Zebra to become a more valued strategic partner to important customers with complex asset tracking challenges. Improving programs with independent software vendors or ISVs will facilitate easier integration of Zebra products and solution, and create more touch points with end users. More effective development of new products to expand the range of applications we serve is another cornerstone of our growth strategy. Over the past two years, we have focused on introducing highly differentiated products that open new application opportunities to great success. The RP-14 mobile RFID printer is an excellent example of this program. Our ZXP retransfer printer is another example, which we began shipping in the first quarter of this year. We follow this introduction with a laminator module with the retransfer printer in the second quarter and we are actively executing on a number of product road map enhancements to refresh the entire card printer line in 2011 and bring new levels of performance and value to the market. We have other exciting products planned for introduction next year that will continue to keep Zebra at the forefront of innovation in our industry. NZS new location opportunities are also emerging. The last quarter we told you about the introduction of the Zebra Location Appliance or ZLA, a dedicated, unified server platform for the broad range of identification solutions available for asset tracking, such as barcodes, ultra-wide band, GPS, active and passive RFID and others. The ZLA is targeted at enabling channel partners to sell and implement ZES solutions more easily and provide customers the ability to enhance business applications with location and telemetry data. During the second quarter, ZES introduced a new generation of ultra-wide band active RFID tags that deliver new higher levels of performance. These tags make our solutions more attractive for personal safety solutions and enable us to pursue opportunities in Europe. Finally, we will continue to focus on enhancing shareholder value by deploying Zebras resources where they deliver the highest risk adjusted returns. Our investment in developing our core business are clearly paying off, with a recent completion of our 3 million share buyback the board demonstrated its continued confidence in the companys future with the approval to repurchase an additional 3 million shares.  This concludes our prepared remarks. Thank you for you attention. We would now be happy to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. (Operators Instructions) Our first question is from Reik Read with Robert W. Baird. Please proceed with your question.
Reik Read  Robert W. Baird:  Thanks, good morning. Could you guys maybe just talk a little bit further about what you are seeing with improving large-deal activity? You talked about retail, is it extended into other verticals as well. Then maybe could you talk a little bit about what may be driving that at this stage of the game?
Anders Gustafsson: So, we see it more broadly across many industry verticals. Weve seen it in retail, weve seen it in DOD or Direct Store Delivery. We have seen it in manufacturing, transportation and logistics. So, its really gone across most of our large verticals.  I think this just goes back to our customers now feeling a bit better about the economic outlook. They are investing to improve their operations and our solutions really do help them improve their ROI and make streamline their business operations. 
Reik Read  Robert W. Baird: Is this a case where they are confident enough that they are deploying capital to expand their own operations and thats why these larger deals are kicking in or is this just increased volume and are ordering more on these 1Cs and 2Cs.
Anders Gustafsson: I think its more the first, I think. Its not so much they are ordering 1Cs and 2Cs for the large deals. It tends to be more that they are either refreshing older installations or expanding their facilities.
Mike Terzich: Hey Reik, this is Mike Terzich, let me add a little color to this. When you look at the large deal opportunities as Anders mentioned, we are really well balanced geographically right now and it was good to see some return of that activity primarily in North America over the last quarter, but a lot of it is centered in mobility applications where that refreshed rate on mobility as we talked about in the past is, about three or four years, that product gets pretty beat up in the application space.  So, its a combination of some retail applications, direct store delivery applications where we are entering some refresh cycles as well as some expansion of applications by those end users to improve the efficiency or the customer experience of their business.
Reik Read  Robert W. Baird: Okay, great. Thank you for that. And then just going back to Asia, you just hit some very strong sequential growth there for a number of quarters now. How much of that is, you guys call it recovery in your remarks, how much of that is the market just simply improving and how much of that is due to your sales initiatives? Can you just also let us know in the back half of the year how many more salesmen you tend to add in that area?
Anders Gustafsson: Its hard for us to really separate out how much the economy versus how much our activities, our strategies are driving the growth, but clearly there is a strengthening particularly in the high-end manufacturing sector in China, but we have also put a meaningful amount of more salespeople into China already, about 40 for all the emerging markets, China getting the largest share and the majority of those are already on the ground. We are actively recruiting channel partners and pursuing new opportunities.  I would think that the meaningful part of the increase is coming from our actions and we believe that we are positioning ourselves very well in emerging markets in China.
Reik Read  Robert W. Baird: Okay, great. Thank you guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Brian Drab with William Blair & Company. Please proceed with your question.
Brian Drab  William Blair & Company: Good morning. Congratulations on a great quarter. First question, just on the margins; Anders, you pointed out a great gross margin improvement year-over-year exceeding the goal 360 basis points expansion going forward, give youve put up tow quarters of 47% plus gross margin. Is this a rate that you feel, a level of gross margin that you feel is sustainable even through 2012?
Mike Smiley: Brian, this is Mike Smiley. I think we have a couple of things we talked about. Number one, is we still feel like we have room, in a sense that number one we are carrying elevated rates. So, when we are able to address the supply constraints challenges that we have, we think well be able to get the product to our end customers more cost effectively and that would help us.  We also think that as business continues to grow, that will also help increase our margins. I will tell you that our margins are affected by FX, this quarter they negatively impacted us. We are also working on trying to improve some of our efficiencies in our supply chain, even though weve moved most of all of our printing outsourcing to China, we are still trying to, as a team figure out how to work as efficiently as possible.  So, we have a number of things that we think that we have opportunities to at least maintain and certainly improve from where we are.
Anders Gustafsson: We were feeling very pleased to see that the improvements from outsourcing came into a 360 basis points, and was clearly above the targeted range with 250 to 300. So we feel very good about how weve executed on that program.
Brian Drab  William Blair & Company: Yes certainly, and my second question is on the Zebra Enterprise Solutions Group. As you look out to 2011, what are your goals for 2011 for that business, and do you think that will be beyond, better than cash, if youre breakeven on the cash basis?
Anders Gustafsson: Yes, I think we are comfortable giving or setting the forecast for the next quarter. I can talk a bit more directionally as how we feel about the future and for both and for the company. I think that we feel that we are well positioned across the Board with all the initiatives and the strategies we put in place.  We have seen good traction in a number of new areas for us with ZES. We have a new ultra-wide band tag that really aimed at going into petro chemical or other hazardous work environments, thats also been certified for Europe wasnt before.  Weve seen many of our traditional strong customers in automotive and manufacturing come back again after it was a very difficult year in 2009 and weve continued to develop our channel programs, and weve had more deals come through in the channel in this quarter again. So we think that there is a number of good initiatives that we have, good strategy we have thats going to yield through as we move into 2011 also.
Brian Drab  William Blair & Company: Okay, great. Thank you. Congrats again.
Anders Gustafsson: Thank you. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Paul Coster with J.P. Morgan Securities. Please proceed with your question.
Maria  J.P. Morgan Securities:  Good afternoon. This is Maria on behalf of Paul. I have a couple of questions. First of all, regarding RFID you mentioned the strength in that business. So I was wondering where is the business in terms of percent of revenue and where do you see it going in the future. And then along the same lines, given Wal-Marts July announcement regarding relaunching EPC RFID effort, do you think that we will see a second way of adoption for useful retail applications?
Anders Gustafsson: Firstly, we dont really breakout individual product lines, but we did mention on the call that we had our best quarter ever for passive RFID. So obviously we feel much more encouraged about where we are with our passive RFID today, but it is still a very small part of the overall business, but overall much more encouraging than what it was the year ago. So we are going to take some credit or pleasure in that I guess.  We have seen more pilots and more activity across our customer base today. I think we feel very encouraged by having the broadest product portfolio for passive RFID and we have some unique passive solutions or technology that really enables our customers to get higher ROIs on investing in our printers, by being able to print on much more narrow labels and not waste as much paper. So overall, we think that the next couple of quarters the outlook looks quite good, with enhanced sales activity with more pilots and better pipeline, but again we got to be a little cautious about the adoption rate as we go forward. Its proven to be slower in the past. We think this is a great shot in the arm for the industry, and we certainly want to make it to be here to help nurture it along.
Maria  J.P. Morgan Securities:  Okay, thank you. Then regarding the SPG group, to what extent were they resolved, the consequence of pent up demand and to what extent would that normalize rather than new market penetration? Thank you very much.
Anders Gustafsson: I think that pent up demand kind of includes a lot of different things. We dont think that there is much of any channel inventory re-stocking. We think that happened much earlier into cycle. So this is really end user demand that we see.  There are probably some refresh cycles going on as Mike mentioned in the mobile side. I think there is probably a wholesale ahead of the refresh cycle of the high-end, but generally I think this is based on customers being confident of investing in their business again and expanding and taking advantage of our technology to further stream line and improve the efficiency of the operations.
Maria  J.P. Morgan Securities:  Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Chris Quilty with Raymond James Associates. Please proceed with your question.
Chris Quilty  Raymond James Associates :  Good morning gentlemen. I think you mentioned that you are seeing good demand across most verticals, but I just want to probe a little bit on the retail segment, which historically has been a more important vertical for you. Typically what happens in multi-year refresh cycles and arguably its long overdue. (A) Do you sort of agree with that synopsis, and (B) are you seeing any signs that some of the larger deal refresh activity might be on the horizon?
Mike Terzich:  Chris, this is Mike Terzich. Let me take that. I think generally we see a similar pattern. I mean as you mentioned, the retailers are typically a little bit lumpier relative to the schedule for refresh.  What drives that is a number of factors and part of that is the age of the equipment, the use of the equipment in operation, their near term profitability, their outlook obviously on the state of their business. There is a lot more emphasis being put on store efficiency, a lot more emphasis on self-help in retail, so we are seeing lots of interest in the kiosk space, in that mobility space.  So our pipeline for retail, and thats retail beyond even the United States has been growing and its really well balanced across a range of applications, both new applications for retailers to improve that efficiency or that customer experience if you will and the replacement of some aging technology, often times driven by changes in wireless security protocol and some other stimulates, that forces them to refresh with newer technology. So we feel really good about the near term prospects of retail.
Chris Quilty  Raymond James Associates : Okay, and second question, you talked about the ZLA solution and more generally about some of the active tracking. To what degree might the ZLA be viewed as competing with your customers who often provide, your systems integrators provides software based solutions or is it truly something thats helped them in winning larger transactions.  Are you seeing any kind of a break in terms of directionally whats happening with technology? Theres been for too many years, too many different standards out there of WiFi based or ultra-wide band technologies or is this just a market application where you need appropriate solutions?
Anders Gustafsson: Yes, first on the ZLA, I think thats really meant to help other partners of ours like ISDs that have software applications on their own. So historically our ZES solutions have been more vertically integrated. So weve had a software application for automotive or various industries that has been very much tied to our specific hardware. Here the ZLA really enables us to create the kind of a middle ware layer that we can open up and put more standardized interfaces on, so that other ICs or application developers can work easily, incorporate the location technology thats in their solutions going forward. So we see that the way for us to work more effectively with partners and give them a chance to participate in the growth of the industry. With respect to that technology and there being so many of them, we dont expect to see a reduction say, in the different types of technology here. I think they are all have a specific benefit for certain environments; they are particularly well suited, so the ultra-wide band by these solutions. They are particularly well suited for indoor applications or where there is a lot of metal or other interference.  The 24x7 30, the old granite type of active RFID solutions, they had a better range, so they were much more cost effective if you were outside and GPS can be very effective too over larger areas and we dont have to implement the infrastructure to support the location.  So I think that there is going to be a number of different technologies that would be part of that portfolio to most optimally be able to support our customers, and I think that the benefit for us to have this portfolio and that we can be much more specific in how we address our customers needs and we dont have to kind of force it, our solution into their need.
Chris Quilty  Raymond James:  And does that suggest that there is perhaps other targeted technology acquisitions that you might need to make over time?
Anders Gustafsson: At this stage I think we believe that the portfolio we have is sufficient. We think that we have lots of good run rates with the solutions we have and we like to make sure we commercialize those and get the good business return on them before we step into new technologies.
Chris Quilty  Raymond James:  Great. Thank you.
Anders Gustafsson: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Ajit Pai with Stifel Nicolaus. Please proceed with your question.
Ajit Pai  Stifel Nicolaus:  Yes, good morning and congratulation on a very solid quarter.
Anders Gustafsson: Thank you Ajit.
Ajit Pai  Stifel Nicolaus:  A couple of questions; I think one is just looking at the acquisition pipeline and strategy for uses of cash. You bought back your shares, you also denote that they dont need anymore for ZES. But overall, can you just walk us through how youre prioritizing for those acquisitions right now, and then I can sort of square off the others?
Anders Gustafsson: Well the first, when we talk about acquisition, we got to go back to our capital location strategy. So we are very disciplined in looking at making sure we invest in opportunities with the highest risk adjusted returns.  That being said, we do engage in looking at the various types of acquisitions. We certainly want to make sure that we are aware of what goes on, and particularly looking at things that our close to our core, and could be say, smaller talking, but it really has to have a good return and very much fit our strategy.
Ajit Pai  Stifel Nicolaus:  Right. But the pipeline is still rich right now in terms of acquisitions you can make?
Anders Gustafsson: I dont think we want to characterize the pipeline at this stage.
Ajit Pai  Stifel Nicolaus:  Okay. Second, I am just looking at your gross margins. While you have shown some pretty incredible improvement over the pass several quarters. You have talked about cost improvements etc; its still substantially below where your gross margins are trending in the 2003 through 2005 kind of range, north of 50%, and youve also required some higher gross margin business on the enterprise side, the ES side. So could you give us some color as to, is there a set of targets that you have a couple of years out where your gross margins could get back above 50%.  Similarly on the operating margin side, I think you did answer the question when someone asked you about directionally on the ZES group, that you expect profitability to improve in 2011, but you expect that to actually become profitable in 2011, positive, or is it 2012 or further out? Is the focus there still on investing in the business to drive greater scale or do you think that it could reach breakeven at some point next year?
Mike Smith: Thats a good question. [Indiscernible] couldnt ask that for the questions. So Im going to take the first half and Anders will take the second half.  On the gross margins, I just want to make sure you are aware. When you look at some of the historical quarters that we quoted north of 50%, we had some one-time adjustments to those numbers. So I would say the more robust gross margins that we had historically were in the high 40s, I wouldnt say they were 50s. I would argue that we talked about a couple of things already that we feel encouraged about with regards to our gross margin going forward. We talked about the fact that volumes will continue to benefit us. We also know that we are carrying extra freight right now, and we do think we have some ability to continue to improve some of our efficiencies in some of the processes that we are working with that will help us to move. So I think right now its been good. We still feel like we have room to improve that. So what we would try to say is, probably in the high 40s is probably a good target to sort of keep yourself focused on. Yes, and that would be more like an average read in every quarter. Ill also tell you though, with ZES for this quarter we were hampered by a couple of small things.  Number one, our services margins were a little bit low, because the volume for services was a little bit lower than we had anticipated, and we also -- ZES had some third party hardware sales that were low margin; that also negatively affect our gross margin in the quarter. Then the other thing too is that FX obviously plays plus or minus and this quarter we were negatively affected by FX this quarter.
Anders Gustafsson:  And with respect to ZESs profitability in 2011, again as I said earlier, we dont really want to start forecasting into the 2011, but our expectation is that we will be able to continue to drive the business forward and get to the casual breakeven or casual positive in 2011.
Ajit Pai  Stifel Nicolaus:  Got it. Ill get back in queue.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Anthony Kure with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Karl Ackerman - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Good morning gentlemen. This is Karl Ackerman phoning in for Anthony Kure. Most of my questions have been answered already, but I was wondering, kind of taking backing on the gross margin question previously, I think as you generate a larger part of your overall sales by expanding your geographical footprint to Latin America and Asia Pacific, how should we think about the sustainability of your average selling price of total printer ship going forward.
Anders Gustafsson: So first, since our products are global in nature, our price lists are very much the same across the world. So we cant go and sell one product for much lower in one region and higher in another one, because then we have the gray market and products flowing from different regions. So we have a very disciplined approach to how we price our products.  If you look at Asia particularly say, we do a lot of high end products for the manufacturing sector there and they tend to have very good price points and margins, but as we become more focused on starting to penetrate the more local economies, we probably will have more lower end products, that will probably be on a gross margin side slightly lower than the average, but it will be a much smaller part of our business also.  So we believe that we are in good position to continue to drive the gross margin. Thats what Mike might have said here earlier.
Karl Ackerman - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay great, and then just one final question. Your recent share authorization, do you anticipate the pace of share buybacks to continue from recent levels?
Anders Gustafsson: Weve been, we dont forecast our share buybacks, but I think that you sort of -- if you can look at us over the last three, four quarters, you can sort of see that thats a highly realistic view going forward, but I will tell you that we are price sensitive. So when the shares are low and the companys valuation feels a little bit more attractive, we will be more aggressive and when we feel its a little less attractive, we will be less aggressive.
Karl Ackerman - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay, great. Thank you guys.
Anders Gustafsson: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Greg Halter with Great Lakes Review. Please proceed with your question.
Greg Halter - Great Lakes Review: Yes, Id like to delve into the comments that you made Anders about the apparel side and the RFID. I presume thats maybe Wal-Mart and some others there. Im just wondering if you could elaborate on what you are doing there specifically for that customer or those customers and how far along you are in the process?
Anders Gustafsson: I dont think we can expand too much on the specific applications or what they do, but this is an active rollout. I guess we can say that we have deliberate products to the customer for that application.
Greg Halter - Great Lakes Review: Okay, and relative to the component shortages that you have seen in the higher freight, has that caused you to lose any sales to any competitors that you are aware off?
Anders Gustafsson: The supply chain environment has been very tight over the last several months, but I think weve been very diligent and executed very well by working by ourselves and with our other supply chain portions like cable, to make sure we get an appropriate volume of parts.  We actually shipped more printers in Q2 than we have done in any other quarters historically. So we still got a lots of volume and material out and I think we took the step of continue to air freight a much higher proportion of our volume, in order to make sure that we protected our market share and protected our brand, and I think thats been very well received, and I think we have extended our lead in the industry by doing this. I am sure there is a few deals that weve lost, but on net balance, I would say we won more than we lost.
Greg Halter - Great Lakes Review: Okay. Thats excellent. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Andrew Abrams with Avian Securities. Please proceed with your question.
Andrew Abrams - Avian Securities: Hi. Just two questions. There has been some questions about EMEA, both on a seasonal basis and on the financial side slowing a bit in the third quarter and this is more an expectation than anything else. Given your guidance, it doesnt seem like you guys are expecting anything from that sector to slow down at all. Is this a function of the fact that the channel is just remaining strong or is this something more particular to you guys, both on the enterprise side and the channel.
Anders Gustafsson: A few months back there was I think a lot of speculation in the press and TV and stuff about the European economy largely driven I guess by Greece, and Greece is about 2% of the EMEA or the Euro zone GDP. So I think thats -- but over the last few weeks, I think the news we have seen has been much more encouraging and settling down much better.  I think weve seen some of the larger export oriented regions of Europe do very well. I think Germany and Central Europe are doing very well economically and I think they are doing very well with us and our suite spot that Europe is really around the Central Europe region for export oriented companies, and the weakening of the Euro I think is giving them a boost. So we should see some unit volume increases to offset some of the weakening of the Euro.  So, overall I think we feel that Europe was -- so far we have not seen any indication that Europe is slowing or there is a change in economy outlook for it, but it is something we are paying a lot of attention to, as there is obviously an important impact to the factor for us.  But I would also like to go back and say, I think we have the ability to react quickly to changes in the economic environment. When the recession started, I think we were pretty quick with taking steps to adjust for that and equally as we were kind of coming out of the recession, we took steps to invest appropriately in the business, to make sure we can really come out strongly and gain share as we did that. So I think we feel that Europe looks good today and we are well positioned there, but Id let Mike give you some extra insights maybe for you.
Mike Smiley: Andrew, a couple of other things that I think are worth mentioning. One is that from a seasonality prospective, historically that third quarter in Europe is always a bit of a softer quarter, because of the heavier holiday schedule that western Europe typically enjoys, but quite frankly, over the last several years our expansions strategy has been in areas in Eastern Europe in the Middle East and Saudi Arabia, Turkey.  So you look at what has taken place and in those regions we have seen the continuation of business. So they dont really, they dont fall in line with the traditional Western Europe holiday schedule and its kind of smoothed out, that seasonality effect.  So I would postulate that some of our investment strategy over the last couple of years, particularly in those emerging areas of Europe has helped stabilize a little bit of the seasonality effect.
Andrew Abrams - Avian Securities: Great, thank you. Also, just a quick question on the Smartphones. You guys have a Smartphone solution; are you seeing a large amount of traction with Smartphones or are you just filling a need that was already there? Are you seeing additional Smartphones being used in package delivery or whatever it happens to be or is this just you meeting the demand that was already there.
Anders Gustafsson: Well I think we see this as a growing trend. Its also a very small base, but it is a growing trend and we have developed drivers for our printers to work with Blackberry, Android, Window C and iPhones. So you know, we believe that its an important strategy for us to kind of expand our address of the market into some application where we otherwise might not be considered.
Andrew Abrams - Avian Securities: Thank you, and congratulations on a good quarter.
Anders Gustafsson: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is a follow-up question from Reik Reed with Robert W. Baird. Please proceed with your question.
Reik Reed - Robert W. Baird: Could you guys just talk a little bit about the improved mix as part of your comments Mike year-over-year, but the ASP is roughly flat. Is there an offset in there that youd highlight. Is it pricing or is it something else?
Mike Smith: Theres a couple of things. First of all, there is FX. There FX I still cant tell you is that we have -- we talk about mixes, there are some products that arent really captured in the printer side. So for example, here is some after market parts or something like that, which in volumes change as a major impact on some of our margins.
Reik Reed - Robert W. Baird: Okay, and then I guess a similar question. Just why is the ASP down sequentially? Just if you could talk about what maybe drove that and what the outlook maybe or the general trend maybe from here?
Mike Smith: Well I think its interesting, because sequentially I think its again, you got some strong demand and some mobile products thats sort of in desktop, actually thats been driving that.  So we do talk about, I think longer term trends in our business. One thing that will affect our gross margins is the relative growth rates of certain product lines and I would say that our historic core tabletop printers is something that probably we dont foresee growing quite as dramatically as more as a desktop, mobile type printer card applications going forward.  So as a result, that mix will change things over time, but again, we feel good about the gross margin dollars that we are generating as we continue to expand the business.
Anders Gustafsson: And if you were to look at the AUPs within product families, thats again much more stable.
Mike Smith: Yes, very stable across product families.
Reik Reed - Robert W. Baird: Okay, great. And then just a follow-up on the Enterprise Solutions Group. You guys sound more positive than I guess what weve heard in the long period of time. The bookings are there, the pipeline is good. Im just trying to understand the guidance there, which is basically flat to down sequentially. Is that some conservatism or are there still some issues that you know about, that you are battling and if you could comment on that?
Anders Gustafsson: I think the guidance is as I said you know, kind of flat with the prior quarter. We think that there is certainly an improvement in our pipeline. We have seen more activity, but also we know that the sale cycle is much longer, so we dont want to get ourselves overly enthused about the improvements we see in one quarter. We want to make sure we can put some quarters behind us before we start getting really bullish on this.
Mike Smith: The other thing too is the actual time between bookings and revenue recognition, its a little bit longer. So even though we have good bookings in this quarter, it doesnt really roll out to the P&L for a little while.
Reik Reed - Robert W. Baird: Okay, perfect, and then just one last question, a follow-up on the RFID side. What you are focused on primarily, the jeans and the undergarments or are you seeing broader expansion to other categories, sub categories within the apparel market?
Mike Smith: Reik its Mike. Initially a lot of that work effort is around apparel tagging in retail, and clearly there are different retailers with different levels of progress, relative to their own view of where the opportunity is.  We feel that it will extend itself beyond apparel into other what would be qualified as complex SKU. So we can see it finding its way into other parts of the in-store retail experience, where that inventory visibility is critical to not only revenue, but the service level capability of the retailer.
Reik Reed - Robert W. Baird: And I understand that Mike, but part of the question I am asking is, is it just in those subcategories of apparels the jeans and the undergarments or are you expanding to other subcategories within the apparel segment.
Mike Smith: Over time I think its directionally going to go to other apparel subcategories, beyond the jeans and the garments that you are noting
Reik Reed - Robert W. Baird: In most of the applications it sounds like what you are saying are with the mobile products right now and not so much with tabletops in the distribution centers?
Mike Smith: Correct, but I think ultimately what happens is, over the course of time, the back room tagging is going to increase in opportunity and we are really, as you know we are really well positioned there from a product line standpoint.
Reik Reed - Robert W. Baird: And if things go to source tagging at manufacturing, what type of opportunity is that for you?
Mike Smith: Well, I think it depends. I think if there is a lot of that source tagging thats being done in very large volume bulk if you will the other day, and thats not necessarily an immediate opportunity for us. I think where the opportunity is, is a lot happens between the source of where that tag is applied and the condition of those tags when they come into the distribution center.  So there is an opportunity, a fair amount of, I call it moderate volume retagging that will take place at the distribution centers and thats where some of that stationary products will come into play and then obviously in the store, theres another retagging opportunity and thats where we are very uniquely positioned as the only provider of a mobile RFID device today.
Reik Reed - Robert W. Baird: Okay guys. Thank you very much for the time.
Anders Gustafsson: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is a follow up question from the line of Ajit Pai with Stifel Nicolaus. Please proceed with your question.
Ajit Pai - Stifel Nicolaus: Yes, I just wanted to address the sort of comparative environment on the printer group side, the traditional bar code printer. There has been consolidation in that space and things over there from an intensity of competitions is getting better. But as you have gone into Asia, have you seen any new competition?  Anyone thats been far more aggressive there as you have been growing your business over, they have some of the reasons for the set of decreasing ASP and printers and historically youve said its much more of a mix shift in your business, greater mobile, all of that than anything else. Have there been any changes in the pricing environment there? Is pricing getting better or worse or has it been the same trend over the past several quarters.
Mike Smith: Yes, I guess first on the traditional competitive side, I think we havent seen any main big changes to that. I think that we feel that we are competing well. We believe we have extended our lead in the industry. From a price prospective, we havent seen any increased pressure sale on price, particularly in this supply constrained environment, we havent had to lead with price much.  When we get into Asia, there is obviously a number of other smaller competitors. We do see more of them. Part of what we are doing has to ensure that we can compete very effectively with them. Thats been to identify three new printers that are going to come out beginning of next year are more focused on the low end in Asia, and we have been moving our supply chain to Asia, and also setting up a development center in China, to be able to leverage some of the same resources there.  So we think that we have a quite comprehensive strategy to make sure that we can engage with them. Its both, an offensive and a defensive strategy. So from an offensive prospective, we are going into some of the markets where we havent had the same market shares we had before.  So were seeing a net incremental revenue and margin for us and the from the defensive side, we are trying to make sure that those competitors, those Chinese or Asian competitors are having to fight with us at the low end and not get a chance to build their business to come up, higher up in the value chain.
Ajit Pai - Stifel Nicolaus: Right, and now those products that you are introducing, just understanding the impact in your income statement, I know that its going to be a very small percent of your business. But in the way you are thinking about it, while the ASPs might be lower, is there a possibility of the gross margins being equal to or better than your corporate average or will it also have lower gross margins?
Anders Gustafsson: Weve developed these printers very specifically for these markets and we havent even decided if they are going to be introduce outside of the emerging markets, so the cost point is much lower. Our expectation is that they will be slightly below our corporate average from a gross margin prospective, but not much here really so. They are also coming off a very small base, so its not like its [Inaudible].  
Ajit Pai - Stifel Nicolaus: Got it. Okay, thank you.
Anders Gustafsson: Thank you.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I would like to turn the floor back over to Mr. Fox for any closing remarks.
Douglas Fox: Thank you for joining us today. Have a great day. Just as a reminder, our next conference call will be currently scheduled for November 4. If you have any further questions, both Mike Smiley and I will be around for the rest of the day. Dont hesitate to give us a call. Thank you very much.
Operator: This concludes todays teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2010 Q1  (2010-05-04 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Doug Fox  VP, IR Anders Gustafsson  CEO Mike Smiley  CFO and Treasurer Mike Terzich  SVP, Global Sales and Marketing, Specialty Printer Group
Analysts: Brian Drab  William Blair Reik Read  Robert W. Baird Charles Murphy  Sidoti & Company Paul Coster  J.P. Morgan Securities Chris Quilty  Raymond James Ajit Pai  Thomas Weisel Partners Jay Meier  Feltl & Company Andrew Abrams  Avian Securities Dick Davis  Richard W Davis & Company Anthony Kure  KeyBanc Capital Markets Greg Halter  Great Lakes Review
Operator: Good morning. And welcome to the Zebra Technologies 2010 first quarter earnings release conference call. Joining us from Zebra Technologies are Anders Gustafsson, CEO; Mike Smiley, CFO; and Doug Fox, Vice President Investor Relations. All lines will be in listen-only mode until after today's presentation. Instructions will be given at that time in order to ask a question. At the request of Zebra Technologies, this conference call is being recorded. Should anyone have any objections, please disconnect at this time. At this time, I would like to introduce Mr. Doug Fox of Zebra Technologies. Sir, you may begin.
Doug Fox: Thank you, and good morning. Thank you for joining us today. Certain statements made on this call will relate to future events or circumstances and therefore, will be forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as expect, believe and anticipate are a few examples of words identifying a forward-looking statement. Forward-looking information is subject to various risks and uncertainties which could significantly affect expected results. Risk factors were noted in the news release issued this morning and are also described in Zebra's 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2009, which is on file with the SEC. Now, let me turn the call over to Anders Gustafsson for some brief opening remarks.
Anders Gustafsson: Thank you, Doug, and good morning, everyone. Here in the room with me are Mike Smiley, our CFO; and Mike Terzich, our SVP of Global Sales and Marketing with Specialty Printer Group. Today, Zebra record year-over-year improved gross margin, earnings that were really ahead of expectation and our third consecutive quarter of sequential sales growth. Strong demand in international territories, improved sales of high-performance and mid-range tabletop printers and lower than expected operating expenses helped drive the 18% year-over-year improvement in sales to $226 million and $0.42 in GAAP EPS. Momentum continued to build during the quarter as manufactures, retailers and others responded to improving business conditions. Our initiatives over the past 18 months to improve operational efficiency and extend our leadership enable Zebra to capitalize on growing economic confidence. Our financial strength provided us the capability to respond to increase demand by expediting product delivery in the constrained supply chain environment to meet customer needs. Our actions in this regard led to more orders with more customers and stronger channel relationships that would deliver ongoing benefits well into the future. During the quarter, we made solid progress on several key initiatives that support growth, profitability and shareholder value creation. Our geographic expansion activities extended Zebra's global reach into underserved, high growth regions. We are also pleased with the growing pipeline of new products under development to meet more regional and vertical specific needs. We have now met our target of achieving at least 250 basis points of gross margin improvement from printer outsourcing. Further, we used our cash reserves and $24 million in free cash flow for the quarter to buyback additional shares of Zebra stock, demonstrating our continued discipline in deploying our resources in those activities with the highest risk adjusted returns. The results for the first quarter, combined with our actions to extend global reach introduced new products and build stronger more robust channels give us confidence that we are on the right path to giving greater shareholder values. Let me briefly cover some of the highlights for the quarter in our specialty printing and Enterprise Solution segments. In specialty printing or SPG, sales were up by nearly $5 million from the fourth quarter in a period that is normally down on a seasonal basis. International territories drove SPG's 22% growth from a year ago. The ongoing recovery continued to be broad-based across the diversity of Zebra products, customers and geographies, the historical foundations of our long-term success. In EMEA, the large manufacturing regions of France, Germany and Central Europe led the region in a strong steady quarter. Favorable business conditions also prevailed in the U.K. with some significant rollouts of Zebra kiosk and mobile printers with retail customers. EMEA also maintain strong sales of Zebra. Zebra branded wristbands for patient identification in hospitals in support of the 2009 recommendation by The U.K.'s National Patient Safety Agency. We are pleased to report that we have now sold more than 100 million wristbands worldwide since introducing this product five years ago. We remain optimistic about the future of our innovative healthcare solution which includes the wristbands and the related HC100 wristband printer. This solution is beginning to generate broader interest in several other countries as well. Sales momentum also accelerated in Asia Pacific, solid growth in all sub regions was highlighted by increasing demand in the manufacturing sector in Greater China, the particularly strong growth in high-performance printers, as well as, card printers for a number of government applications. In Latin America, mobile and card applications helped propel the regional sales to a new first quarter record, including better than 200% sales growth of SPG products in Brazil and more than 50% growth in Mexico. In North America, large enterprise deals maintained the strong pace of bookings throughout the quarter. New sales opportunities also developed in high growth sectors, including printers for mobile workforce applications, kiosk for retail self service and printer/encoders for RFID [ph] asset tracking. The quarter also included a healthy run rate business. Companies across the electronics industry have had difficulty sourcing components making it very challenging to manufacture products to meet customer demands. While our supply chain was constrained along with others, Zebra worked hard to ensure that distributors involves had adequate inventories of Zebra product. These efforts including expediting product shipments to meet customer demand. While this means we incurred higher shipping costs in near-term. We strengthened customer and partner relationships resulting in more business. We believe this long-term view and our ability to leverage our financial strength to support our customers will pay dividends well into the future with the benefit of Zebra, our employees and shareholders. Lets now turn to Zebra Enterprise Solutions or ZES. During the quarter we substantially maintained our investments in product and channel development, which we outlined in our fourth quarter call. Because we believe they will deliver higher revenues and returns in future quarters. Some project delays, however, affected the recognition of revenue and resulted in slightly lower than expected topline performance of $18.5 million. In 2009, we recruited 25 new channel partners for ZES solutions. In 2010, we are moving from recruitment to partner enablement with more resources devoted to this group. This investment is already paying off. We have doubled our dealer pipeline and partners are becoming more familiar with our location technologies and solutions. Our support for the channel includes the recent development of the Zebra Location Appliance or ZLA, a dedicated unified server platform for the broad range of identification solutions available for asset tracking, barcodes, ultra-wide band, GPS, passive RFID, active RFID and others. The ZLA enables channel partners to sell and implement ZES solutions more easily and enhances customers ability to enrich business applications with location and telemetry data. teleMetairie and data. (inaudible) tool recently completed data testing and will soon be available for general purchase. Other ZES initiative include the introduction of personal safety system, developed around our ultra-wide band radio technology, this automated high precision real time location system is designed to track personal and assets in process manufacturing industries, including oil and gas, steel and chemicals. During the quarter, we also announced the introduction of a new Navis Argo terminal operating system for lower volume terminal operations. Designed with many of the features, that mean, Navis the world standard for terminal operating systems Argo targeted at the more than 200 smaller terminals, those that handled fewer than 120,000 containers a year, a largely untapped market for terminal automation systems. Due in part to our focus on the direct and indirect channel pipeline, we had a marked improvement in the number and depth of discussions with customers. While the sales cycle for the ZES solution is longer, this level of activity gives us optimism that our recent investments would drive improving results in future quarters. We maintain our expectation that ZES will return to cash flow breakeven by the fourth quarter of 2010. In conclusion, Zebra's financial strength helps us extend our global leadership and create opportunities for even more profitable business in the future. Zebra's strong start in 2010 is a result of its enduring legacy of industry leading products, superior channel relationships and unmatched global reach. We continue to build on this foundation with an expanding array of innovative solutions that help our customers to identify track and manage their assets more effectively, a business with attractive long-term prospects. I'd now like to turn the call over to our CFO, Mike Smiley, to provide a detail review of first quarter results and guidance for the second quarter of 2010. After Mike's remarks, I will return for some brief closing comments.
Mike Smiley: Thank you, Anders. Let me highlight some of the key drivers for Zebra's first quarter financial performance compared with a year ago. First, all four geographic regions experienced sales growth from a year ago, with three international territories posting sequential sales gains as well. Second, gross margin was up nearly 3, 4 percentage points. Third, operating expenses were below our guidance range and fourth, overall earnings were ahead of guidance in part because of favorable adjustment income taxes. Sales are up 18% from the first quarter of 2009. Foreign exchange had a favorable impact of $4.3 million on the year-over-year change. Sales were up 2% from the fourth quarter of last year, including a $4.6 million unfavorable impact from foreign exchange. Zebra Enterprise Solutions sales of $18.5 million were down about $3 million or 15% from a year ago. While pipeline activity and the outlook remain on track the issues in the first quarter were the timing of bookings and revenue recognition, an adjusted EBITDA loss of $2.9 million was a bit more than expected largely because of the revenue level. Operating expenses and our investments in the business remained on track to support the operation and our targeted investments in product and channel development. Sales in Specialty Printing Group were up 22% from a year ago and had its third consecutive quarter of growth. On a consolidated basis all regions maintained strong sales momentum with international regions experiencing strong steady business throughout the quarter. Sales growth was strongest in Latin America up 61% with notable sales of card and mobile printing solutions. In Asia Pacific, up 31%, broad economic improvement, including manufacturing centers in China and South Korea drove demand for high-performance, mid-range, card and desktop printers for manufacturing, government and aviation applications. EMEA sales were up 12% on consistent steady growth in nearly all sub regions. In North America, consolidated sales were 13% from last year, a continued pickup in enterprise deals paced activity in the quarter. We also worked hard and were successful ensuring distributors maintained full inventories of Zebra product to fulfill run rate demand during this period of supply chain constraint. Let's take a look at sales by product line. Hardware sales were up 27% for the quarter, the first comparable increase since the third quarter of 2008. This growth was accompanied by a further improvement in product mix including accelerated sales of high-performance and mid-range tabletop printers and aftermarket parts. Total units sold increased 23% from 199,000 a year ago to 244,000 in Q1. Printer AUPs likewise increased to $547 per unit from $517 per unit a year ago. It was a good quarter for supplies as well of a healthy 7% over last year led by continued strong sales of wristbands. Shipments included initial sales of our innovative IQ color labels that mainly uses to print spot color from a thermal printer. Consolidated gross margin of 47.4% was up nearly 3, 4 percentage points from a year ago, nearly 2 percentage points from the fourth quarter. The major factors affecting the first quarter gross margin from a year ago are, one, the higher volume and richer product mix, two, foreign exchange, which had a $3.7 million favorable impact on gross margin. Three, lower material costs, which contributed to an incremental 70 basis points to the gross margin improvement. The cumulative outsourcing benefit on gross margin is now at a goal of 250 basis points. While faced with achieving this improvement, this important milestone will continue to work with even more savings over the course of this year into the future. Four, extra freight charges expedite shipments totaled $4 million and reduced gross margin by approximately 2 percentage points. Operating expenses of $75.6 million, were up 6% from a year ago, but comparable to the fourth quarter of $75.2 million. The most significant increase occurred in selling and market expenses, and were principally related to higher commissions, travel and entertainment, and advertising and direct marketing expenses as business activity picked up. The income tax rate of 23.7% includes a $2.8 million reduction of federal taxes related to prior year's adjustments, growing company profits and ending inventories. This adjustment added $0.04 per share to EPS. Excluding this adjustment, the income tax rate would have been 32.3%. GAAP net income came in at $0.42 per share on $58.3 million average shares outstanding. Quarterly free cash flow totaled $24 million. During the first quarter, we bought back 750,000 shares of Zebra stock using $20.8 million, or 85% of first quarter free cash flow. The average price of the first quarter purchases was $27.76 per share. Approximately 1.4 million shares remain authorized for repurchase in the quarter. In April 3rd, we had 57.7 million shares outstanding. Today's sales outstanding declined from 62 days for the fourth quarter of 2009 to 59 days. Inventory turns were 5.9 times for the first quarter, down slightly from 6.1 times for the fourth. We entered the first quarter with $254 million in cash and investments. Now let's look at our second quarter forecast. We're forecasting sales of $219 to $233 million. We expect SPG sales in the range of $200 to $212 million and ZES sales between $18 and $21 million. Our forecast assumes gross profit margin in the range of 45.5% to 47%, and GAAP operating expenses in the range of $77 to $80 million. GAAP earnings are expected in the range of $0.26 to $0.34 per share. We're estimating exit and restructuring expenses to have a $0.01 per share impact on EPS. The income tax rate will be 32%. That concludes my formal remarks. Now here is Anders for some concluding remarks.
Anders Gustafsson: Thank you, Mike. Zebra's strong beginning to 2010 was due in large measure to the diversity of our business across several dimensions, product, geographies, customers and technologies. Our leadership in product innovation, channel partnership and international coverage enabled us to respond to the increased global demand for Zebra product as companies accelerated investments in solutions to help them identify track and manage assets more effectively. As we look to the second quarter, business trends remain favorable. Within this environment, our guidance takes into account a stronger dollar against the euro and somewhat less favorable product mix. In addition, distributors, which have been building inventories of Zebra products over the past two quarters, are now at levels appropriate for current sales volumes. On the cost side, we're expecting higher freight charges to continue as we work through the global supply chain constraints on electronic components. Second quarter operating expenses also include annual company-wide merit increases, as well as expenditures supporting ongoing geographic expansion and other initiative. Our ability and willingness to maintain investments in our business will have a long-lasting cost effect on building shareholder value. While we are cautiously optimistic that business conditions will continue to improve, we are confident that making these key investments in our future in three major areas are the right thing to do. First, geographic expansion to extend our reach in under-penetrated high growth region, second, new product innovation to ensure we stay ahead of the competition in meeting customer needs and third, building stronger partner relationships to reach a broader customer base. We are already seeing early benefits from our stepped up pace of geographic expansion activities. We are now more than half way to our goal of adding 40 sales and marketing professionals to our emerging regions. Customers are responding positively to our investments in additional regional resources by awarding us with more new business. This early validation, increases our confidence that geographic expansion continues to be low-risk, high-return activity for Zebra. The development of new product with distinctly superior features, functionality and performance, complements our geographic expansion activities. In April we announced the introduction of our latest kiosk printer, the KR403 to capitalize on growing opportunities in self-service solutions such as coupon and receipt printing, deals with our proprietary Zebra programming language among other innovative features, the KR403 is attractive to Zebra channel partners because of easy integration into the Zebra installed base. To achieve the greatest success for this important activity we are working to optimize the product development process. As part of this initiative, last week we opened our new China research and development center, located in Guangzhou. Our employees at this center are focused on engineering accessories, product extensions and follow-on product. This will enable our teams in the U.S. to prioritizing design of new innovative products and product platforms that deliver superior value, functionality and performance. Equally promising are our ongoing activities supporting further channel expansion. New products such as our recently introduced retransfer card printer have also attracted new channel partners. We also expect our ongoing efforts to develop a stronger channel for ZES solutions as well as stronger ties with independent stock or vendors and system integrators to begin to pay-off later this year. Finally, we will continue to focus on generating the highest risk adjusted returns on our investments. This principle will guide us as we evaluate the potential for further capital deployments as we progress through 2010, whether in additional share buybacks or through strategic acquisitions, continued investment in geographic expansion and product development. This concludes our prepared remarks. Thank you for your attention and we would now be happy to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from the line of Brian Drab with William Blair. Please proceed with your question.
Brian Drab  William Blair: My first question is related to your primary supplier or your number one, sorry, your number one distributor who in the recent report said that their sales were down about 10% in the barcode business sequentially from the fourth quarter and attributed that in large part to part shortages far up the supply chain. So my question is did Zebra suffer from some part shortages in the quarter and resulting in, any failure to deliver product?
Mike Terzich: Brian, its Mike Terzich, I'll take that question. You know, the quarter  in the quarter we did, like others, have some supply chain constraints, but as we mentioned in the prepared remarks, we worked pretty tirelessly to overcome that. And so for us, we were able to leverage our financial strength, we air freighted quite a bit of product in and I can tell you that our distributors in particular in North America, we received some positive comments throughout the quarter that we worked very hard at keeping them in product and we did that by making the air freight investments, we needed to make to get the product to them in time for them to conduct commerce. So, I don't think, we were a material  we had a material impact on the distributors' financial performance in the quarter.
Anders Gustafsson: Yeah. Maybe expand on that a little bit, I think our supply chain responded better than we had anticipated to the constraints that we saw in the components supply. We were able to expedite products from China to our customers in the U.S. and the rest of the world, and I think largely mitigated the impact of the tighter supply chain. And I think, we believe that we extended our lead in the industry by doing this, there are probably some deals that we lost but we, net-net, we believe we won more deals than we lost because of our ability to expedite and supply products in a timely basis and we believe that the distributors now have appropriate level of inventory for the business volume youll see.
Brian Drab  William Blair: Okay. Great. Thank you. And just one more question on the ZES group. You mentioned, there are some ongoing project delays and but sounds like there's some very interesting products and systems in development. I'm wondering, do you have a pretty good view towards the pipeline of projects that you're developing those product for? And is there some pent-up demand here for these products and systems in the latter half of this year?
Anders Gustafsson: The project delays were largely in the maritime side, where we have, implementing a new system takes anywhere between 12 to 18 months and it includes a lot of on-site development and customization, sometimes that takes a bit longer than expected. We believe that we have a very healthy pipeline of new applications and products that we can develop that will support primarily our new strategy of really leveraging our channel partners to penetrate new markets to give us a greater reach than we would otherwise have. And I think we see a general strengthening of the activities in RFID, where I think, if you go back six months, 12 months, we probably would see, say that, most of the trials and pilots were more to test the technology, and today we probably see more trials and pilots which are testing the ROI of the application. So I think that's a step forward for us. So we continue to be optimistic about the opportunities we have in front of us for ZES. The ROI, the customer ROI for our solutions is very healthy and but early in the product life cycle, so it is takes longer to develop that the market.
Brian Drab  William Blair: Okay. Congratulations on a very solid quarter. Thank you.
Anders Gustafsson: Yeah. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Reik Read with Robert W. Baird. Please proceed with your question.
Reik Read  Robert W. Baird: Hi. Thanks. Good morning. Just a follow-up on your comments there, Anders, is the delay, really result of customers not being able to provide the CapEx and so it's slowing down these projects or is there any development issue that is slowing them down?
Anders Gustafsson: Yeah. It's not really based on any delay or difficult of our customers to get funding for these projects. These are projects that are underway. It is more than, you decide that you want to automate another process or you want to do some other customizations that weren't part of the original scope, that tends to add a little bit of work to the project, that makes it more suitable for the customer in the end. So that tends to be the biggest driver for some of these delays.
Reik Read  Robert W. Baird: Okay. And given that those get rectified and that you said, you basically doubled your pipeline. Does that suggest that business will continue to get better throughout each quarter of the year or are there other constraints?
Anders Gustafsson: Yeah. So the pipeline comment was really focused on our location solutions, so the hybrid active RFID solutions not necessarily on the maritime applications, which are the ones where we have some delays. But we do believe that the location solutions will see continued growth as we go through the year.
Reik Read  Robert W. Baird: Okay. Great. And then just a question on the specialty printing side of things, you guys had mentioned as part of your comments that the enterprise business was looking pretty good. Can you give us a sense for what that means in terms of project sizes? Are these mostly smaller enterprise projects that are getting going or are you starting to see some of these larger projects that youre seeing historically and are there any verticals that are bucking the trend one way or the other?
Mike Terzich: Right, Reik. Its Mike Terzich. On the enterprise side what has been particularly good has been the return of some larger projects, these are multi-million dollar projects in scale relative to the retail marketplace Tier 1, Tier 2 retail in North America and in Europe. And then secondarily, the space of direct the mobility market has also seen a nice set of opportunities relative to serving mobility solutions for those end users that are delivering, that have a high volume of routes delivering Cola and snack foods into restaurants and retail location. So those are the two that principally right has been ramping up.
Reik Read  Robert W. Baird: And anything on transportation logistics those end markets seem to be getting healthier they releasing capital?
Mike Terzich: What the  when you look at the results of the quarter, there was two pieces. One was the resurgence of what I would call manufacturing supply chain, which was the manufacturing piece and inherent in that is some of the warehousing and some of the transportation space that goes along with that. So that was a steady state business and tends to be smaller projects, more opportunities to leverage our large installed base and then when you overlay on top of it some of the enterprise business we saw, thats pretty much constitutes the fabric of the quarter that we just experienced.
Reik Read  Robert W. Baird: Okay. And then just one question for Mike Smiley, on the operating expenses lower than you expected in the first quarter seems like sequentially they're bumping up quite a bit is there  you mentioned the merit increases  just merit increases account for all that pump up or is there some timing issues in there as well?
Mike Smiley: Yeah. Good question. A piece there is merit but another pieces just investment and some of these initiatives that Anders, talked about was a geographic growth a build, extending our resources in channel development. So a lot of it is sales and marketing related and a little bit of engineering, but a piece of it is merit.
Reik Read  Robert W. Baird: So we should think about those progressing throughout the year and you don't have a drove back down?
Mike Smiley: I think they will be  might be  you can probably think of them as steady but a slight pullback possibly. There is a number of project related expenses in the second quarter relates a new products also. But I don't think it will be a major difference.
Mike Terzich: No. No.
Reik Read  Robert W. Baird: Okay. Great. Thank you very much, guys.
Mike Smiley: Yep.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Charles Murphy with Sidoti & Company. Please proceed with your question.
Charles Murphy  Sidoti & Company: Good morning, guys.
Mike Smiley: Hi, Charles.
Charles Murphy  Sidoti & Company: Just a couple questions regarding guidance as well. Usually the June quarter is little bit better sequentially and midpoint of your guidance is going to flattish, I just wondering if there was a specific reason scenario, if you are just going to playing it on the safe side for right now?
Mike Smiley: First, I think our business remains very healthy. We've had two very solid quarters here with Q4 and Q1. We were sequentially up in Q1, which is quarter that normally is down based on seasonality. So when we look at in the Q2 we continue to expect business to be from remain healthy to be remain strong. But couple of things that are  we somewhat going against us a little bit, one is that the FX is moving against the pretty settling during the last quarter. And that has a big impact on us. We also see some constraint in the supply chain, make us little cautious about how effect to we can turn around things that they dont get accepted it  they would have had and we expect and that also has an impact on the supply and the freight charges. But generally, we think that our Q2 is very strong, very good is just we had a really, really strong Q1.
Charles Murphy  Sidoti & Company: Got you. Okay. And then for the gross margin guidance a little bit down sequentially is that just a matter of product mix?
Mike Smiley: It's a combination of things, product mix is one of the big items. FX is an another item. We also had a couple of small unforecasted benefits in some of our accruals that you don't expect to continues we look at (inaudible) on those types of things. Thats it benefit of the quarter, so you've got some give and takes but the product mix in FX are big players there.
Charles Murphy  Sidoti & Company: Got you. Okay. And then lastly, for the OpEx guidance of $77 to $80 million is that including amortization in restructuring excluding?
Mike Smiley: That's including.
Charles Murphy  Sidoti & Company: Okay. All right. Thanks.
Mike Smiley: Yeah. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Paul Coster with J.P. Morgan Securities. Please proceed with your question.
Paul Coster  J.P. Morgan Securities: Thank you. Most of my questions have an answered. However, on the OpEx side as we project four, the growth should be due to slightly toward sales and marketing, is that correct given the headcount increases is there?
Mike Smiley: Yeah. Slightly towards sales and marketing a little less towards engineering. Those would be the two areas, we really are in product development and increasing our relationships with the channel partners is important for us. That's where we're making some investments.
Paul Coster  J.P. Morgan Securities: As you at the 40,000 marketing products to the mix presumably less than that going forward. Are you recruiting sort of immediate both carrying people and are they coming from competitors?
Anders Gustafsson: We are recruiting them, is there background varies on people. They usually have sales experience or technical experience. They're generally not from our competitors. We tend not to recruit from competitors. We find other people who have good solid experience in related spaces. We think that works out best for us. And as you know, they  by and large should be on board by later this quarter.
Paul Coster  J.P. Morgan Securities: Okay. Mike, just one technical question on the ZS funds, sounds like there was a revenue recognition issue or not issue but the revenue was delayed the recognition was delayed, was it delayed into the second quarter or is it indeterminate delay?
Mike Smiley: Well, I mean, yeah. You're absolutely right. Let's make sure it's clear that, it was delayed because of customer implementation, it's not a revenue recognition problem per se.
Paul Coster  J.P. Morgan Securities: Okay.
Mike Smiley: And that is delay now whether that's Q2 or Q2 our forecast reflected what we think is appropriate given when we think this thinks will come to pass.
Paul Coster  J.P. Morgan Securities: Okay. Great. Thanks very much.
Mike Smiley: Yeah. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Chris Quilty with Raymond James. Please proceed with your question.
Chris Quilty  Raymond James: Mike, just a further follow-up there on Paul's question. I mean once those projects come back into the flow. Where do you think you'll be in sort of a revenue range within ZES in the back half of the year?
Mike Smiley: Obviously, we go out a quarter. I would say and we're not getting back at estimates, I would just refer you back to Anders' comments about how he felt about the business is perhaps the best tone to sort of consider going forward.
Chris Quilty  Raymond James: Okay. And how about just say, a qualification here if you're looking for cash flow breakeven by the fourth quarter of 2010, what does that mean in terms of the actual operating loss or I should say, I've lost track what the DNA is running giving the various write downs in the business?
Mike Smiley: Yeah. We have about the amortization is running about $1.7 million dollars a quarter. It's sort of where we're at right now.
Chris Quilty  Raymond James: Within ZES?
Mike Smiley: Yes.
Chris Quilty  Raymond James: Okay. And I assume that depreciation is not a significant number?
Mike Smiley: It's not huge. I can give you the details later on that, but it's not a  it's not a big number. It's running roughly $2 million in the year, something like that.
Chris Quilty  Raymond James: Okay. And tax rate on a go forward basis?
Mike Smiley: 32%.
Chris Quilty  Raymond James: For the second quarter, but are there any other one-time items that may pop-up by the back half of the year or is that a good run rate on a go forward?
Mike Smiley: No. It's a good rate to use going forward.
Chris Quilty  Raymond James: And thats of course reflects the benefits of the off-shore manufacturing are there further tax savings that you are yet to capture there?
Mike Smiley: That definitely reflects what we think is sort of the  our tax position and situation is for the year, so.
Chris Quilty  Raymond James: Okay. And inventory levels, likewise they've come down real nicely again sort of a permanent reflection of the off-shoring?
Mike Smiley: Yeah. They've come down quite substantially over the last year plus. I think we would like to see they will come up a little bit in the Q2 and Q3, partly to enable us to be better prepared for any other supply chain constraints that we might encounter. So that we can always be in a position to satisfy the demand we see from our customers.
Anders Gustafsson: That will also help with our freight, if you go through gross margin, right now is that we're sort of dealing with a low inventory offset by freight volumes.
Chris Quilty  Raymond James: Okay. And final question I think you kind of alluded to an improved retail vertical on the demand side, but it's still we're a year removed from what should have been a pretty big up cycle in that particular vertical obviously delayed by the recession. Are you seeing any indications larger deals building in the pipeline and might this year be the year where they finally play catch-up?
Anders Gustafsson: But I think we can comment on what we've seen so far, I think we and retail has come back as a strong vertical for us both in the U.S. and Europe. And we've seen more larger deals out of retail. So our outlook for the year is quite good for retail.
Mike Smiley: Hey, Chris. This is Mike. One thing that's fueling some of the retail optimism is while the sales, retail sales are improving slightly. They've done a much better job of managing their own inventory. So they had  they did not have to go through such dramatic price reduction with their inventory, so their profitability on relatively flat to slightly positive a revenue result is what's fueling a lot of the project pipeline.
Chris Quilty  Raymond James: Got you. Great. Thank you, gentlemen.
Mike Smiley: All right, Chris.
Anders Gustafsson: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Ajit Pai with Thomas Weisel Partners. Please proceed with your question.
Ajit Pai  Thomas Weisel Partners: Yeah. Good morning.
Mike Smiley: Good morning, Ajit.
Ajit Pai  Thomas Weisel Partners: A couple of quick questions. I think the first one is just looking at the color that you provided on retail and looking at some of the large enterprise spending of their improving, what is the spending on?
Anders Gustafsson: Well, they're spending on a variety of applications. A couple that we could name here, one is a high level of interest in self service in the store. So that would be associated with some of our kiosk product line. And obviously with the labor constraints that they have in their driving influence of improving the customer experience we're finding particularly in North America and in Europe a high interest in kiosk applications. And then the other is in the area of mobility, in-store mobility. So a variety of applications where they can continue to do on-demand labeling, price markdowns relative to their story environment.
Ajit Pai  Thomas Weisel Partners: Got it. And then just shifting over to the enterprise solutions group, I mean some overall revenue perspective with the still quite freak to talk about some encouraging trend in various markets over there. But and strengthening through the end of the year, but you said that the maritime application was still not showing any kind of strength. So could you give us some color as to over the past two years, how much that's fallen, what's the drivers of reinvestment in that particular category would be. And when do you expect is it a 2010 event? Is it a 2011 event? When do you expect that business to come back and whether has been share losses or share gains over there or whether you are still to best position company in that space?
Anders Gustafsson: If for the maritime side, I think we may not be communicated very clearly. But I said was that the high transportation for allocation services solutions have improved and strengthen. I didnt mentioned really any think about the pipeline position for our maritime business, that is still very healthy. We dont breakout the individual segments within that, but the maritime business has been more stable than the rest. It has longer sales cycles  longer implementation cycle. So it's more of a moderated curve. And we believe that we've continued to gain some share in that market, as we've been in a strong financial position and we've come up with now a new product this past quarter to Argo, which is really targeted a new market segment that we haven't otherwise been able to participate in, the really smaller terminals with less than 120,000 CUs.
Ajit Pai  Thomas Weisel Partners: Got it. So when you're looking at the revenue itself as the lowest revenue in that segment in about nine quarters was most of that driven by sort of reducing the past two three quarters, the backlog has just gone down and we are just depleting backlog or was some of that weakness related bit capital constraints across orders that you already had but just people pushing out delivery?
Anders Gustafsson: It was not really people who had orders that pushed out deliveries. I dont think, cant think of any examples of that. It was more that some of the larger projects that were going on had some delays as they asked for additional work to be done in order to complete it. So automating some new processes or procedures that really optimizes the use or the softer packages one third inflected. So the business environment is getting better. It's not back to what it was before the recession but it's certainly getting better across all of those verticals but I think particularly so on the hardware side.
Ajit Pai  Thomas Weisel Partners: Got it. And overall the operating model of that business hasn't changed which is based on your new cost structure of $25 million quarterly run rate, you will be break-even in operating income, is that fair?
Anders Gustafsson: Yeah.
Mike Smiley: Yeah. That should be fine.
Ajit Pai  Thomas Weisel Partners: Okay. And then you also mentioned in the opening remarks that you know towards the end of your commentary that the M&A environment, you are looking at that as a potential deployment of cash. Could you give us some color as to what kind of opportunities they're looking at for which businesses, just broadly and whether you're seeing that pipeline increase or potential acquisitions or you're watching the valuations have gone up, recently, thats regarding more difficult to fine potential acquisition.
Anders Gustafsson: You know, as we  we talked about acquisition strategy, we will start by talking about our capital allocation strategy and we are still committed to making sure that our investments generate the  are in areas that generate the highest risk adjusted returns and we've always continued to look at potential acquisition targets. Over the last year, year and a half or so, we have prioritized returns capital shareholders to buy backs. We've done that pretty much exclusively and very aggressively. But we also said that as on a normalized basis, over a longer period of time that we would have expect to have more equal balance between investing in the business and acquisitions and buybacks. At this point, I think you know, the first priority, the top priority for acquisitions are that they have to have a good strategic fit, then they also have to meet all our financial hurdles and again nothing has changed from our earlier quarter calls, so we said that, we are at this point not considering making acquisitions into (inaudible). So there's really nothing different than what we talked about on earlier calls.
Ajit Pai  Thomas Weisel Partners: Got it. Is the pipeline richer or the same as previously or is it much less?
Mike Smiley: I'm not sure if I can comment on that, Ajit. We continue to look at things, before until we find the right thing, we are not going to do anything.
Anders Gustafsson: Very binary.
Mike Smiley: Yes, you got to be very binary.
Ajit Pai  Thomas Weisel Partners: Got it. Okay. Thank you so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jay Meier with Feltl & Company.
Jay Meier  Feltl & Company: Hi. Yes. Thank you. Just a couple follow-ups. You talked about your ability to deliver product into the channel and it sounded like especially in North America through some expedited shipping and I read that to mean that you gain share inside the channel. And as your competitors had capacity constraints, you also mentioned that you believe your inventory level in the channel is proper for current business conditions, but does that outlook imply that you anticipate maintaining this share and how should we think about that as those capacity constraints lighten up?
Anders Gustafsson: Well, I guess first we  our objective is to continue to gain share. That's why we are  why we are in business. But we do believe that we have a good inventory position with our channel partners today. The overall, you know, the longer supply chain is going to continue to be constrained, I think for at least the next three months. So we expect to see some higher freight charges or expedite charges but we believe that we are well-placed to be able to capitalize on the overall constraint in the supply chain as we have  we believe the very competitive and dynamic supply chain and we are willing and able to expedite orders for customers.
Jay Meier  Feltl & Company: I understand. Okay. That's fine. And as far as the markets are getting beat up a little bit today because of some skittishness around Europe and the potential for that economic region to degrade. Are you starting to sense any skittishness out there? I mean, how are you viewing Europe and maybe Asia? There's been some comments about China as well.
Anders Gustafsson: Yeah. Starting with Europe, I think, Europe was steady in Q4, steady in Q1. We haven't seen any indication of the Greece credit situation to have impact on our pipeline. We do pay attention to it from the perspective of what the Euro is going to do as compared to the dollar and thats always been weakening which is not helpful. In Asia, we have seen particularly China and Asia as a whole to come back quite strong in the last two quarters and we have seen no sign of any disturbance or anything like that there. It looks pretty healthy.
Jay Meier  Feltl & Company: Okay. That's fine. And last question, what is your view of the DOD and their spending trends and in particularly with AIT 4. Did you receive any task orders during the quarter or are you under the impression that's been slowing?
Mike Smiley: Jay, this is Mike. The  you know, we're a sub supplier on that AIT contract. So for us, the contribution we get from that business has never been significant but we have seen that there has been a slowing pattern with the Department of Defense and some of their requirements through purchase orders, but nothing that we can specifically point to on our end.
Jay Meier  Feltl & Company: Okay. So AIT 4 hasn't been a big contributor but I have been under the impression that the DoD has been a pretty big consumer of Zebra products over the years, is that so?
Mike Smiley: You know on a relative basis, we have a nice business with the DoD, but it's  but it has not been significant.
Anders Gustafsson: On the Zebra enterprise price solutions side, we also have a government business and that was steady. It was strong in the first quarter or so from everything but that's not an AIT 4 project.
Jay Meier  Feltl & Company: I understand. Okay. Thank you very much.
Anders Gustafsson: Thank you.
Mike Smiley: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Andrew Abrams with Avian Securities. Please proceed with your question.
Andrew Abrams  Avian Securities: Just a quick question on the location solutions, can you talk about any changes in customer type over the last six months or so or are you beginning to see automotive come back, is there some kind of customer mix that's returning or maybe has changed permanently and now you're focused in a different area?
Anders Gustafsson: Over the last you know, 18 months or so, we've expanded our customer base in location solutions, automotive was  automotive and maritime were the two largest virtual markets for that  those solutions earlier and automotive is still a  the main contributor. It was up in the first quarter, but certainly not up to the levels we had seen earlier. But we've also been able to penetrate some new markets, the DoD and the government is one of those and we  as we are leveraging more channel partners, we have a chance to really get a need to more other types of verticals that we didn't have access to with our own sales force, particularly around industrial manufacturing generally. So expanding the automotive into other discrete manufacturing processes. But also looking at some other ones that we're not quite ready to announce any (inaudible) yet but that looks like they have some good applications for location technologies.
Andrew Abrams  Avian Securities: Thanks. And also I missed part of your comment on the supply chain and I think you filled it in a little bit, but I was  I was curious about why the continued air spending if you're looking for the supply chain or your inventory levels at your, I guess, at the distributorship side to be more normal. Is this in order to take share, kind of beat out the competition or is there still a necessity to fill demand that has light inventory from your perspective.
Anders Gustafsson: It's more based on, you know, making sure we have the right products for the right opportunities. So peak  yes we see larger enterprise deals come in, they may not be fully forecasted or fully inventoried at our distribution partners. So or if we get more orders for some low volume models that we don't sell as much of normally, it's more to make sure we have the flexibility to meet the ordered pattern that comes in.
Andrew Abrams  Avian Securities: Also in that same regard, has there  because of the shortages that have popped up there, have you seen any changes in pricing at all at the distribution level? I mean, has there been any price competition in order to win back business that might have been lost because of  because of a shortage?
Anders Gustafsson: No, I think as most surrenders are somewhat supply constrained, I don't think that the price competition certainly has not been any higher, any more severe than it normally is. So we think our  as Mike Smiley mentioned in his opening comments. Our AEPs were up in the quarter and that would indicate that we didn't have to compete really on price. There was some supply constraints.
Mike Smiley: Price wasn't a big player. Andrew, what you have seen with the distributors is then competition among the distributors for a valuable product, right So if one has it, the other does not, they're seeing some movements between their customers relative to where they source that product from.
Andrew Abrams  Avian Securities: Got you. Thank you very much. Appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Dick Davis [ph] with Richard W Davis & Company. Please proceed with your question.
Dick Davis  Richard W Davis & Company: Congratulations on a fine quarter. The question I have is, can you give us a breakdown of the various geographical areas as to what their contribution to what revenue was?
Mike Smiley: Yeah. I think if you are looking at the  the earnings release, you can see that basically. We have for the quarter  about $97 million was in North America, $84 million was in EMEA, $25 million was in APAC and $21 million was in Latin America, out of the 226. Those are dollars or you can calculate the percentages.
Dick Davis  Richard W Davis & Company: Yeah. I can.
Mike Smiley: Or I can give you the percentages, 43% for North America, 37% for EMEA, 11% for APAC and 9% for Latin America.
Dick Davis  Richard W Davis & Company: Okay. Can give us a little color on EMEA, because of the currency problems there with the Euro, I mean that's a very good report you guys did. No doubt at all. Does some of that strength come from Eastern Europe or is it some from the U.K. and kind of the Europe.
Mike Terzich: Well, Dick, this is Mike Terzich. The strength that we saw in Europe was in several areas and principally around a lot of our manufacturing centric sub-regions, so Germany, France and the region that we call Central and Eastern Europe which has a lot of manufacturing opportunity, contract manufacturers. So Eastern Europe, Poland, we saw some really nice growth in those regions which was good to see, because that's where a lot of our core manufacturing centric products and some of our higher end product are sold. Retail was improved as well, but a little more isolated. It wasn't pan European and its  constructive was a little more centered around the U.K. So we saw some rebound in the U.K. weaker market as well.
Mike Smiley: The growth included the Euro zone. It was not from outside the Euro zone particularly.
Dick Davis  Richard W Davis & Company: Very good.
Mike Smiley: Is there any more?
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Anthony Kure with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Anthony Kure  KeyBanc Capital Markets: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my question. Just a little bit more  talk about pricing competition, I understand average unit price went up sequentially but just more in general, at least historically. Could you kind of breakdown the pricing profile of each region and how it might be more or less competitive?
Mike Smiley: Our pricing profile by region is pretty stable. We sell through very robust reseller programs. So we have a lot of discipline in how we price and how we offer pricing and our products are also, otherwise  they have a tendency to become great market product. It's very important for us that we keep a very steady price profile. Normally, you would expect maybe Asia to be the most price aggressive, but since we have a substantial part of our business there from the multinational companies, we see Asia is seeing very much in line with the rest of the world.
Anthony Kure  KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay. Great. Thank you. And then just a clarification on that depreciation comment I think, Mike, when you were talking about 1.7 of amortization per quarter. And I think you said, depreciation wasn't huge and then said something like $2 million, was that together with $2 million or?
Mike Smiley: Depreciation is $2 million for the full year.
Anthony Kure  KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Mike Smiley: Yeah.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Greg Halter with Great Lakes Review. Please proceed with your question.
Greg Halter  Great Lakes Review: Hello, guys.
Mike Smiley: Hello.
Greg Halter  Great Lakes Review: Relative to the freight costs, I think they were $ 6 million in the fourth quarter, $4 million in this and you're indicating that it should be continue to be higher. You gradually expect that to work its way down to flat figure at some point here in 2010?
Mike Smiley: Yes. The short answer is yes. We were up almost $2 million or down about $2 million from the first quarter. And we expect that to go down a tad more in the second quarter, but it's really a function in part about how the end suppliers, you're able to provide components. So all of a sudden, they're not able to sort of pick up capacity, we could be having more freight. We're only giving you a view out of quarter but we would expect that these end suppliers, they'll start delivering and we'll be able to sort of build up our inventory and reduce the freight.
Greg Halter  Great Lakes Review: Okay. And I believe you are targeting a CapEx number around $20 million now? With your business improving here, so far this year, do you expect that to change at all for any needs you have?
Mike Smiley: No. It's pretty. We have at lot of leverage in CapEx as far as business growth goes, so that's not going to change.
Greg Halter  Great Lakes Review: Okay. And what were your new products to revenues, that metric you often cite?
Mike Smiley: Some new products. It's a very important part of our business. It's really the life blood over time to make sure we have a healthy pipeline and new products, but what we have seen over the last  last nine months, we come up with a number of new attractive products like the Xi4, high end printers, we have a retransfer card printer and the new KR 403 Kiosk Printer, that I talked about on the scripts. We have had a number of new attractive products come out and we have a good pipeline for the future. We are shifting our investments slightly to really focus on printers that open up new markets taking for us. So you can see the  really the retransfer card printer was one of those. The HP100 Printer was another one of those. And it takes me longer for those printers to really come into their own. 18 months is not enough to really get them up to full capacity, so we think this is an important metric but not necessarily the way it's structured today. So I think we're working on how we can come up with a metric that really captures the new innovative aspects of our new product portfolio objective. So we really are not tracking that to same extent anymore.
Greg Halter  Great Lakes Review: Okay. Would that necessitate an increase in your R&D expense or do you expect it around the same level it's been running at, what, 10?
Mike Smiley: We expect that to run the same. This is just more of a  prioritizing the projects we do.
Greg Halter  Great Lakes Review: Okay. And one last one on the Scansource, I think they're still your biggest customer, any biggest indication on what size they were of your total sales in the quarter?
Mike Smiley: Yeah. I think that's around 17% for the quarter. It will be in the cue but around 17%.
Greg Halter  Great Lakes Review: All right. Great. Thank you.
Mike Smiley: Thank you.
Operator: Comes from the line of Reik Read with Robert W. Baird. Please proceed with your question.
Reik Read  Robert W Baird: Just two quick follow-ups, with respect to the outsourcing I think that you guys had said, last quarter that all of the transfers will be completed by June. Is that still the case or are those closing down ahead of schedule?
Mike Smiley: No. I think that by June that's still what we're planning.
Reik Read  Robert W Baird: Okay. And again just on the RFID side, not necessarily the VES [ph], but the Gen 2 stuff. With all the apparel opportunities that are starting to click in, is that providing an opportunity for you guys with some of the printer encoder business, would that be material or is that still too small?
Mike Smiley: Well, as you know, our RFID business on the SAG side has seen an uptick in last couple of quarters. We had done a nice deal from the government for our RP 14 RFID enabled mobile printer in the first quarter and we see the pipeline looking quite good for Q2. So we can't really call upon specific enterprise deals, but we do see renewed confidence, I guess around  also the and  payroll [ph]. That's when I talk about the upside. We've seen products and (inaudible) kind of moving from testing  really start to test the application. So I think that's a good indication that they ought to be some more contracts, more projects going forward.
Reik Read  Robert W Baird: And would you agree that in general sense that it's really apparel and asset management that are driving it?
Mike Smiley: Itemized apparel tracking seems to be a very big application today.
Reik Read  Robert W Baird: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Mike Smiley: Yeah.
Operator: Thank you. There are no further questions at this time. I would like to turn the floor back over to management for closing comments.
Douglas Fox: Thank you all for attending. I apologize, we ran a little late. Just for your information, our next conference call for earnings will be scheduled for August 5th. So thank you very much. Have a good day.
Mike Smiley: Bye-bye.
Operator: This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2009 Q4  (2010-02-09 11:00:00) =====
Zebra Technologies Corp. (NASDAQ:ZBRA):
Q4 2009 Earnings Call:
Executives: Douglas A. Fox, CFA - Vice President, Investor Relations and Treasurer Anders Gustafsson - Chief Executive officer Michael C. Smiley - Chief Financial Officer Michael H. Terzich, Senior Vice President, Global Sales and Marketing, SPS
Analysts: Reik Read - Robert W. Baird Brian Drab - William Blair & Company Paul Coster - J.P. Morgan Chuck Murphy - Sidoti & Company, LLC Jay Meier - Feltl & Company Anthony Kure - KeyBanc Capital Markets. Greg Halter - Great Lakes Review Reik Read - Robert Baird
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Zebra Technologies 2009 Fourth Quarter Earnings Release Conference Call. Joining us from Zebra Technologies are Anders Gustafsson, CEO, Mike Smiley, CFO, Mike Terzich, Senior Vice President, Global Sales and Marketing, SPS, and Doug Fox, Vice President, Investor Relations. (Operators Instructions). At this time I would like to introduce Mr. Doug Fox of Zebra Technologies. Sir, you may begin.
Douglas Fox: Thank you. Good morning and thank you for joining us today. Certain statements made on this call will relate to future events or circumstances and therefore will be forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.  Words such as expect, believe, and anticipate, are a few examples of words identifying a forward-looking statement. Forward-looking information is subject to various risks and uncertainties, which could significantly affect expected results.  Risk factors were noted in the news release issued this morning and are also described in Zebra's 10-K for the year ended December 31st, 2008, which is on file with the SEC. Now let me turn the call over to Anders Gustafsson for some brief opening remarks.
Anders Gustafsson: Thank you, Doug, and good morning to you all. Here in the room with me are Mike Smiley, our CFO, and Mike Terzich, our SVP of Global Sales and Marketing for the Specialty Printing Group. Today we are pleased to report fourth quarter results that were well ahead of our expectations as well as a favorable first quarter outlook, surging customer demand in all geographies and across several verticals and product lines, drove an 11% sequential improvement in sales to $222 million. A renewed sense of confidence among our customers generated the sales growth as signs of an improving global economy coupled with thawing capital budgets led to an increase in customers investing in new projects. Equally encouraging, we experienced expectational earnings leverage with 72% sequential growth in operating income and 58% growth in GAAP EPS from ongoing expense control and our aggressive share buyback program. This improvement is a direct reflection of our decision to move early and swiftly when we saw the environment deteriorating as well as our disciplined approach to position Zebra as a leaner, stronger company. The order search much of it in the late quarter stress tested our supply chain. Our supply chain however responded with agility to this rapid rise in business activity, but with the added cost of $6 million in temporarily higher expedited freight charges that were necessary to fulfill customer orders. I am extremely pleased with how our extended supply chain responded this quarter to enable us to take care of our customers needs. Our supply chain transformation, which is now substantially complete, is delivering its intended benefits. In addition, we are offering more applications with an extended and refreshed product line. We have continued to invest in product development and geographic expansion activities that are vital to extending Zebras global leadership and build value for all zebra shareholders. Let me briefly cover some of the highlights for the quarter in our specialty printing and enterprise solution segments. In specialty printing or SPG, sales increased by more than $22 million or 12% from the third quarter. All areas of the business, geographies, channels, product lines and verticals contributed to the growth. All four geographic regions were up from the third quarter and three of that four had increased sales from last year. Our EMEA region had particularly good performance with consolidated sales for the region up $14 million or 21% from the third quarter. The sales improvement was broad based with a robust run rate business, a pick up in sales to large enterprise customers and some inventory restocking by distributors.
 : In addition, customers in retail, healthcare and government implemented mobile card kiosk and other Zebra solutions to improve business processes and become more competitive. New products also helped us serve customers better. During the quarter, we began shipping our first retransfer card printer, which has enabled us to deliver photo quality imaging for more security and government opportunities. Channel partners and endusers tell us they are impressed with the combination of speed, print quality and value in this product. Weve set a new standard in on-demand card printing.
 : In addition, customers in retail, healthcare and government implemented mobile card kiosk and other Zebra solutions to improve business processes and become more competitive. New products also helped us serve customers better. During the quarter, we began shipping our first retransfer card printer, which has enabled us to deliver photo quality imaging for more security and government opportunities. Channel partners and endusers tell us they are impressed with the combination of speed, print quality and value in this product. Weve set a new standard in on-demand card printing.
 : During the quarter, we also began shipping updated 2-inch plus models of our leading light duty desktop printers, as well as innovative new IQ color labels. This breakthrough product enables customers to print spot color on predetermined areas of a label using any Zebra thermal label printer to enhance readability, increase business efficiency and improve safety. All of these products are examples of how Zebra is driving greater innovation to set them apart from the competition. Let me now turn for a moment to Zebra Enterprise Solutions. Like SPG, the budget log jams in the verticals most served by ZES Maritime and Auto began to see some easing during the fourth quarter and the pipeline of ZES improved. The ZES team did an outstanding job this past year. In 2009 we substantially improved financial performance generating cash earnings or adjusted EBITDAR break even from a $7 million cash earnings loss for 2008 on lower revenues. In addition, I am pleased to report that we met all of our stated financial and operating goals for this business unit. We achieved cash earnings break even for 2009 as a whole, we signed 25 new channel partners against our goal of 20. We achieved our goal of 25 cross sales into adjacent markets which met our goal of 25 for the year and we achieved 57 go lives with customers around the world in 2009 against our goal of 50. These results, which were by no means easy, demonstrate that ZES solutions deliver real value for our customers. We are also demonstrating our commitments to executing on the strategy we outlined in early 2009. Our ZES team deserves much credit for these achievements in a very harsh business environment. Finally, for overall Zebra, we continued to generate strong cash flows, bought back stock and ended the year with solid cash balances. Over the past three years, we have returned more than $330 million to shareholders through stock buyback.
 : In conclusion, 2009 began as a very challenging year. Recognizing the downturn early, we started in the third quarter of 2008 to trim and shape Zebra for improving performance as business conditions strengthened. Zebra has been quick to move from defense to offense as well. We worked hard during the year to complete the outsourcing program and supply chain transformation for printers on time. We have also made progress on our new ERP implementation, which remains on track. At the same time, we remain committed to a program of developing a new generation of distinctly superior products and solutions that would continue to set Zebra apart from the competition. Our results in the second half of 2009 are an early demonstration of the success of our actions. We captured more opportunities as customers around the world continued to standardize on Zebra as a strategic partner in asset tracking and supply chain management. I'd now like to turn the call over to our CFO Mike Smiley to provide a detailed review of fourth quarter results and guidance for the first quarter of 2010. After Mike's remarks I will return for some brief closing comments and our outlook and some details on our growth and profit initiatives.
Michael Smiley:  Thank you, Anders. Because it's most relevant let me focus on some of the important sequential drivers for the quarter. First, all four geographic regions experienced sales growth. Second, for gross margin, improved product mix along with an incremental 80 basis point contribution from out sourcing and favorable movements in foreign exchange were offset by higher inbound freight costs to meet customer demand. Third, operating expenses were well within our guidance range. Sales were up 11% from the third quarter. Foreign exchange and other hedges had a favorable impact of $2 million on the sequential change. Sales were down 4% from a year ago with a $7 million favorable impact from foreign exchange. Sales in the Specialty Printing Group were down 3% from a year ago but up 12% from the third quarter. All regions experienced a pickup in their channel run rate business and large enterprise deals. Business in EMEA was up the sharpest increasing $14 million or 21% over the third quarter.
 : This increase in HC100 Wristband Printer supplies demand is due primarily from the U.K health advisories, on hospital patient identification. EMEA also had larger sales in retail, postal and government. In North America, sales were up 3% from the third quarter. The sequential increase was due to a continued pickup in enterprise sales and an improved run rate business to supply customers through channels and also for inventory builds with distributors. From a year ago North America sales were down 13% because of certain large deals that shipped in the fourth quarter of 2008. Let's take a look at sales by product line. Hardware, which was most affected during the downturn, experienced a 19% sales growth from the third quarter. Product mix improved with a greater percentage of high margin, high performance and mid range printer shift as manufacturing customers refreshed product lines. After market sales of higher margin printheads also contributed to the better product mix. The percentage of printer sales from new printer products also move upward to 13.2% of printer sales, with shipments of our retransferred card printer Xi4 high performance printers and updated Plus desktop printers. This percentage is up from 7.3% for the third quarter. Supply sales were down 10% from the third quarter mainly because of a large order that shipped in the prior quarter. During the second half of 2009 we also called some of our low margin supplies business to help improve the profitability of these operations. Consolidated gross margin of 45.6% was comparable to the third quarters margin and down from last years 47.7%. Stripping away the temporary items we are increasingly confident that gross margin can and will return to historical levels in the high 40s with variance driven by FX. Major factors affecting fourth quarter gross margin are: One, out sourcing contributed an additional 80 basis points. With a one percentage point improvement generated in the third quarter, we are on target to meet expectations in achieving the full 2.5 to 3 percentage points in higher profitability from out sourcing. We expect to get the remaining portion by the middle of the year as we shut down the rest of our printer assembly operations in the U.S and move the remaining supply of parts from vendors in the U.S to Asia. Two, the improved product mix had about a 1 percentage point favorable impact. And three, freight charges were approximately $6 million greater than normal and reduced gross margin by approximately 3 percentage points. We expect freight cost to remain at higher than normal levels in the first quarter as demand for printers, particularly high-end and midrange printers remains elevated, and as our volumes ramp at our sub-suppliers. We expect more normal shipping patterns and freight charges beginning in the second quarter. Operating expense of $75.2 million were down $1.3 million from the third quarter. The most significant changes include decreases in employee benefits offset by increases in commissions, travel and entertainment and marketing costs. Operating expenses declined $10.4 million from a year ago, excluding the $158 million in asset impairment charges incurred in fourth quarter of 2008. For ZES, the addition to certain reserves and some increased operating expenses resulted in negative cash earnings of $1.5 million for the fourth quarter even as we achieved our goal of reaching cash flow earning breakevens for the year. Investment income of $695,000 was down from $813,000 for the third quarter and $1.3 million for the fourth quarter of 2008. Lower short term interest rates, and lower cash balances in part because of cash use for stock buybacks have been the primary reasons for the decline. Net income excluding $0.03 per share in exit restructuring and integration costs came in at $0.33 per share on 58.8 million average shares outstanding. The income tax rate of 35.1% versus the year's normalized tax rate of 32% reflects some one-time year-end adjustments to our tax calculation, and reduced our earnings by another $0.02 per share. During the fourth quarter, we used $16 million to buyback 594,000 shares, a pick up from our 327,000 shares acquired in third quarter. The average price of our fourth quarter purchases was $26.68. For the year, we bought back 3.2 million shares for $65 million. Approximately 2.2 million shares remained authorized for repurchase at year-end. December 31, we had 58.3 million shares outstanding. The day sales outstanding declined to 62 days from 66 days. We are very pleased to have weathered this recession without meaningful write-offs. Inventory turns increased from 51 times for the third quarter to 6.1 times for the fourth. We ended up the fourth quarter with $247 million in cash and investments up from $222 million at the end of the third quarter. Quarterly free cash flow totaled $37 million to bring the annual total to $80 million or 10% of revenues. Now lets look at our first quarter forecast, a period where we normally see a seasonal decline from fourth quarter sales, we are forecasting sales of $217 million to $230 million. This forecast consists of expectations for SPG sales in the range of $198 million to $210 million and ZES sales between $19 million and $20 million. Our forecast assumes gross profit margin in the range of 45.5% to 46.5% reflecting continued cost reductions and some improvement in freight cost offset by a less favorable foreign exchange rate.
 : GAAP earnings are expected to be in the range of $0.25 to $0.32 per share. We are estimating exit and restructuring expenses to have a $0.02 per share impacts on EPS and the income tax rate will be 32%. That concludes my formal remarks. Thank you for your attention and now here is Anders for some concluding comments.
Anders Gustafsson: Thank you Mike. As our fourth quarter results and the first quarter outlook demonstrates, the aggressive actions we took during the downturn have positioned Zebra for improving financial performance and greater shareholder value creation. We took advantage of our financial strength and tremendous cash flow generating capabilities to improve capital returns and extend global leadership in an industry with very attractive global trends. I am confident that we are now well positioned to capture even more business opportunities as global economic conditions improve. Going forward, we are focused on four strategic imperatives. First, we will continue to expand our core business by aggressively taking share through alliances with global partners and independent software vendors. Second, we will further penetrate near adjacencies where we can win by accelerating expansion in developing countries and driving innovation in product development in terms of performance, features and integration. Third, we will continue to build lean, world-class operations through the expansion of our outsourcing initiatives, improved distribution and other IC initiatives. And finally, by building on our history of high performance teamwork, collaboration and people development, we are already making progress on these initiatives. In North America, we streamlined sales and marketing processes to simplify the organization and build stronger customer relationships in the region as we expand our core. Specifically, we eliminated inefficiencies within our teams to improve parity, reduced territory sizes to increase customer contact and increased resources dedicated to channel partners. At the same time, we recognized the success we have had over the years through the geographic expansion. We are now building on that tradition by committing more resources in key territories we have identified as having the highest potential for profitable growth. In Asia Pacific, Latin America and EMEA, we plan to add as many as 40 sales and sales related people in 2010. Our plans call for establishing a presence in as many as five new cities in Asia as well as greater representation in Turkey and Middle East. And lastly in Brazil, we plan to add employees and establish a presence in one new city. Adding new sales professionals supported by enhanced country specific marketing is a proven high return, low risk activity that will begin to generate channel support and more business later this year. Likewise, we are confident that our plan to develop printers specifically focused on meeting regional requirements would result in higher sales internationally. In ZES, we entered 2010 with improving momentum in pipeline activity. Specifically, we're seeing renewed interest in auto related solutions to improve inventory management and in defense applications we are tracking assets and people. Further growth opportunities are also developing internationally. Much like in SPG, our ZES customers increasingly understand the business advantages of working with a single dedicated strategic partner such as Zebra for their location solutions for supply chain logistics in operations. We are devoting modestly more resources in ZES to areas showing the greatest traction. These initiatives include launching a new partner program along with new products explicitly designed for channel sales. The incremental amount of additional resources we're committing to ZES is good business. They offer high returns in very promising growth areas. While the additional expenditures may result in slightly negative cash earnings for ZES for the first quarter, they will produce a larger payoff with higher sales growth and improved profitability as we move through the year. Throughout our planning for 2010, we have focussed on generating the highest risk adjusted returns on our investments. As in 2009, this principle will continue to guide us as we evaluate the potential for further capital deployments as the year progresses, whether in additional share buybacks, strategic acquisitions or further geographic expansion and product development. Zebras future is bright. We completed 2009 on a favorable note and entered 2010 with positive momentum. Our success has been and continues to be the result of our more than 2000 employees around the world dedicated to meeting our customers needs. By taking advantage of our financial strength during the downturn, we are now well positioned to win more businesses as global economic conditions improve. Our focus on our four strategic imperatives will guide us in 2010 and beyond. We worked hard during 2009 to reduce costs and optimize resource deployment. Phase one of our out sourcing initiative is now virtually complete and generating the intended benefits. In addition, we strengthened channel relationships, introduce new innovative products and have begun to extend our geographic reach further. All of these initiatives have a lasting positive impact on building shareholder value. Zebra is unique in the breadth of asset tracking and supply chain solutions that we can provide to our customers. Increasingly, our customers are turning to Zebra as a strategic partner to help them improve their business processes. Zebras solutions are increasingly necessary elements in our customers operations. We look forward to reporting on our progress as the year continues. This concludes our prepared remarks and we would now be happy to take your questions.
Operator:  Thank you. We will now be conducting a question-and-answer session. (Operators Instructions) Your first question comes from Reik Read - Robert W. Baird.
Reik Read - Robert W. Baird: Just start on the gross margins for the first quarter, how much freight impact will, above normal will still exist in the first quarter and can you also talk about are you having to pay any higher component prices for raw materials right now?
Mike Smiley: Well see As we said, we spent about $6 million above normal paying capacity, well probably see an improvement of maybe $3 million or so in the first quarter better than it was in the fourth quarter. But that still will be in an elevated level from what we think well see in the long run. And on component prices, we have seen greater than expected savings on our material costs and component costs as we move to China and that trend continues to hold.
Reik Read - Robert W. Baird: But you are not seeing anything short-term with component availability?
Mike Smiley: No, we have not seen any issues on pricing in the short-term or based on allocations or anything like that. Actually this is an area where I think our scale is quite beneficial to us and we are the largest player in our space and that gives us more pool with our sub suppliers.
Reik Read - Robert W. Baird: Okay. And then, Mike, again on your comments on gross margin in the first quarter, the FX impact, is that just directly from European currencies or is there anything else embedded in there?
Mike Smiley: It's European, all European.
Reik Read - Robert W. Baird:  And then just with respect to, Mike, your comments on getting more improvement by midyear, can you just help us understand all of the puts and takes that are in there? I guess the way I would have thought about it is that you've largely completed that transition to Jabil, the remaining facilities would be shut down -- and it seems like that would happen in pretty short order. Is there a delay in there or are there other initiatives or what causes the comments for midyear?
Michael Smiley: Theres a couple of things. First of all, although we have 99% of our printers are manufactured in China, we still have less than 1% that are still being manufactured here because theyre perhaps new lines or something that are coming up. And thats going to take us the first part of the year to sort of completely ramp down and then to pull ourselves out of those operations. The other piece is although we've moved a substantial number of sub suppliers from the U.S. to Asia, theres still more to be done. So those two things are sort of making us  so it's more like a midyear when we'll see hitting that target.
Reik Read - Robert W. Baird:  And I'm sorry, so you said those were newer products such as  youre more comfortable making them here until you get kind of stable?
Michael Smiley: Just for the time being, it's not long run thing.
Reik Read - Robert W. Baird:  And then could you also talk about  the ASPs were down 4%, which is pretty normal for this quarter but you guys had talked about pricing and mix being stable or mix even getting improved a little bit. Is there an offset there in terms of incremental price pressure or what would account for that?
Michael Smiley :  This quarter we didn't see any particular price pressure, since we were I think  most of the players in the industry, somewhat challenged on the supply chain side, we certainly weren't leading with price. We saw very stable pricing within our product families and we saw an improved mix. So we were pleased with the pricing environment we had.
Operator: Your next question comes from Brian Drab - William Blair & Company.
Brian Drab - William Blair & Company: Just wanted to begin by focusing on Europe. Great sequential growth there, 22% by my calculation. I was wondering if you could just drill in a little bit deeper into what you saw in Europe in the period and across the different countries within Europe?
Anders Gustafsson: Europe was strong, generally across the entire geography. We saw particular strength in Spain and the U.K and Eastern Europe and also some in the Middle East. In the U.K, we talked a bit about the healthcare sector being particularly strong. One thing that we didnt see so much in Europe was a return of larger deals. So, I think thats something we still have coming.
Brian Drab - William Blair & Company: And, were government incentives in the U.K something that led your growth in that region?
Anders Gustafsson: The government was a good contributor but it didnt stand out as a phenomenal success.
Brian Drab - William Blair & Company: Next question, about product mix. I know the product mix is improving, shifting sequentially toward some of the higher margin equipment. Where does that mix stand now compared to where you hope it would be ultimately, or where it was at the peak?
Anders Gustafsson: So, this is two questions, I guess. How does it stand compared to the peak and how does it stand compared to the middle of last year. So, its substantially higher than it was in middle of last year, but it is still somewhat lower than the peak, and I think, peak going back to 2006 timeframes. And part of that is that we have seen some other product and it's growing faster, so like mobile and desktop and kiosk have had higher growth rates than our tabletop product lines.
Operator: Your next question comes from Paul Coster - J.P. Morgan.
Paul Coster - J.P. Morgan: I just like to kind of go little bit further into, what you're seeing at the moment, whether there's any underlying trends? It sounds like everything pops up a bit, but youve got in the pipeline some big deals. Perhaps you can just sort of give us a sense on why those take a bit longer to come to market. And also what's behind mobile desktop and kiosk, so the mix shift towards those segments, what kind of drivers are happening in retail or other segments that might account for that growth?
Anders Gustafsson: The large deal, did you speak particularly to Europe or was that more generally?
Paul Coster - J.P. Morgan: Well, you just mentioned that you will see large deals soon and you didn't see them in this quarter, why are they little bit later on in the cycle?
Anders Gustafsson: I was specifically talking to Europe at that point. We did see larger deal flows in North America, Latin America and Asia Pacific. So there was more specific to Europe that we didn't see it, and we expect that we will continue to see a decent flow of larger deals. And I think that was driven by basically the underlying economy strengthening, giving our customers more confidence, so that a lot of projects that had proven good ROIs had been say frozen for sometime, as they were, our customers were more focused on managing the capital or the cash flows and as they gain some more confidence they start letting those flow through. With respect to mobile desktop and kiosk, I think that there is good trends for each of those products to have higher growth rates and kiosk side particularly, there is a huge trend towards self service. You go to the airport, you go to hotels, you go to your local supermarket, there is lot of kiosk type of applications and thats a obviously a much smaller market segment today. It is one thats growing faster. And similarly with mobile there is a I think big trend globally around having more un-tethered workers. So mobile workforce and other applications like that is a big secular trend that were trying make sure we tap into and desktop just has a much broader set of applications. You can go into my local cobbler to almost any type of logistics and transportation company fits in, lots of different type of environments. So there is a good underlying growth drivers for each of those products.
Paul Coster - J.P. Morgan:  Mike, can you just comment a little bit on the tax rate and capital investments in 2010?
Michael Smiley:  Yes, we are going to see 32% for 2010. We spent around 24, $25 million in CapEx in 2009, we expect that to go down maybe about $5 million in 2010 as the spending levels for some of the ERP implementation and out sourcing goes down.
Paul Coster - J.P. Morgan:  Anders, the operating expenses are a little bit higher I think perhaps than we expected anyway in the first quarter, but it sounds like youve already answered the reason for that, that was the building up of the sales force in new geographies, is that correct?
Anders Gustafsson: 
 : Thats the majority of it. And then the remaining part is, a modest, more investments in our some of our growth initiatives that we have high confidence will payoff well.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Chuck Murphy - Sidoti & Company, LLC.
Chuck Murphy - Sidoti & Company: Just want to come back to the gross margin for a second, just to make sure I am clear. In terms of the higher freight cost, I mean is it a matter of you guys needing kind of rush delivery, what exactly about freight was different this time round?
Mike Smiley: As we had to ramp up our supply chain, it takes, as I mentioned there are some long lead time item components in a printer and that puts some, they extended our delivery times from beyond what we would normally see as our traditional times. In order to make sure that we could really serve our customers and not lose market share and protect our reputation, we did air freight more printers through the quarter. Also, this was exasperated by a surge in the tabletop side, the big printers, they are much more heavy and they cost a lot more.
Chuck Murphy - Sidoti & Company: My other question was just, for ZES, I mean down a little bit sequentially for the fourth quarter kind of flattish in the first quarter. And what are you thoughts for the reminder of 2010? I realize, its just early but will it see much of a ramp for the reminder of the year?
Michael Smiley : Fundamentally to start with, the applications and the solutions that ZES offers its customers have very high ROIs, very high returns for their customers. And I think we made great progress during the year by hitting all our metrics, all our targets. So I think we've positioned ourselves now for modest incremental investment to really take advantage of some growth opportunities that we see. And we felt that really building up a stronger channel competency, which very much leverages the core competency we have in SPG, is a good area for this. And we've also come up with some products that are specifically designed for the channel. So we feel good about where were in this respect. We think that as the year progresses, these investments will drive higher revenue growth and improve profitability throughout the year.
Chuck Murphy - Sidoti & Company, LLC: In terms of quoting activity or just general customer interest I mean have you seen that improve for Enterprise Solutions recently?
Anders Gustafsson:   Pipeline activity for both the maritime side and the automotive, industry manufacturing side was increasing in the fourth quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jay Meier - Feltl & Company.
Jay Meier - Feltl & Company:  My question is really about the new retransfer printers. I'm curious if you could give some color around that market and how big of a revenue stream do you think that could be, maybe whats your goal in terms of percentages going forward?
Anders Gustafsson:   Yeah, we generally don't give individual product line revenue forecasts, but the retransfer market is a meaningful sized market within the card market. And for us its a new market segment that we did not print in before. So we  and we believe that we can get an attractive share of that market, the feedback we've had from all our channel partners and end users who've seen the product had been very impressed the color acuity and the speed we can print at. Now this is more of a project related printer, so its not one that has kind of the normal run-rate business through distribution. This is more into larger security or other types of deals. We've been very encouraged by the reception this product has had and it performs well for us in the fourth quarter, it met its expectation. Mike, any comments from you?
Michael Smiley: Jay, a couple of things. One, the market for this product is in the identification card and also in the driver's license side of the business also because of the image quality, the photo quality capability of retransfer. We feel that we could really lever some of our retail, our legacy retail customer base and extend it into some loyalty card application. And then lastly it gives us some potential opportunities to extend into some new market spaces. In some of the financial services sector where we traditionally havent played and as more and more movement those towards a decentralization and an instant issuance of some cards, we think that ultimately we can extend ourselves into some new space.
Jay Meier - Feltl & Company: And do you think that your competitive advantage there is on price or in yields or the quality of the system?
Anders Gustafsson: It's really all of the above. We believe we have a superior imaging processor, so the photo quality is superior. The speed of print is superior and we are able to offer this at a competitive price. We're not leading with price per se, but we're not the first to the market. So we recognize that we need to have a very attractive package.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Your next question comes from Anthony Kure  KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Anthony Kure  KeyBanc Capital Markets: Michael, could you just mention again the one-time impacts to the fourth quarter for the ESG profitability, what was that again?
Michael Smith: It was a combination of some additional expense and some reserves that we took in the quarter; they weren't huge.
Anthony Kure  KeyBanc Capital Markets: You said it was about a $1.5 million impact or so?
Michael Smith: Well, the cash earnings loss for the quarter was minus 1.5.
Anthony Kure  KeyBanc Capital Markets: So if we back that out, is it fair to say, I mean with the GAAP operating losses $5.4 million or so, if we backout those type of expenses recurring in the first quarter, what's sort of the expectation thats factored into your guidance for  I assume its a loss for the first quarter, is that correct?
Michael Smith: Yes.
Anthony Kure - KeyBanc Capital Markets: What would be the, I mean range of that, are we looking at about a similar level of loss, or a little bit better? Am I right in thinking that it should improve from the loss of the fourth quarter?
Michael Smith:
 :
Anthony Kure - KeyBanc Capital Markets: What is the FX assumption for the first quarter guidance for the total company?
Michael Smith:
 :
Anthony Kure - KeyBanc Capital Markets.:  Okay, And then just finally the cash has been building up through 2009 and just looking increasingly, are you looking increasingly at any acquisitions or do you think the share buyback is probably the best use of the risk adjusted cash usage at this point?
Michael Smith:  We will continue to look at all options that we have available for capital deployment. But as weve reiterated over the last couple of years, like it is now, we are very much focussed on making sure we deploy our capital to the highest risk adjusted return opportunities. We do perceive that there might be acquisitions out there, but we've always looked at those, although we said that for ZES, we are not considering anything there until weve been able to prove that business model going forward. But also we have lots of good internal organic investment opportunities that we want to pursue. And buyback is something that -- we bought back $65 million worth of shares in 2009, which was really a tough year for the industry. We expect that we will continue to buyback shares.
Anthony Kure - KeyBanc Capital Markets.:  Okay. Im sorry one more question, just housekeeping, did you mention the gross margins for ESG in the fourth quarter or if not, can you?
Michael Smith:  No, we just give company wide gross margins.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Greg Halter - Great Lakes Review.
Greg Halter - Great Lakes Review:  Wanted to delve into the investment portfolio a little bit further in terms of the composition, in terms of what its invested in and the location I guess by geography of the funds?
Anders Gustafsson:  Theyre in the U.S. and its very high grade government municipal backed securities. Its a very short duration. Its all very, very stable short duration securities.
Greg Halter - Great Lakes Review: And you dont have any of the auction rates or any of other crazy stuff?
Anders Gustafsson: We have a small amount, but we have already taken the effect of those through our balance sheet, so thats reflected in the value there.
Greg Halter - Great Lakes Review: What was ScanSource in terms of a customer in the quarter and then for the full year?
Anders Gustafsson: Its been 16%, but it goes up and down a little bit, but it hasnt been a big change in the quarter.
Greg Halter - Great Lakes Review: And Anders, I believe you were speaking about go lives and so forth. I think you had a goal to reach 20 new channel partners in 2009. I dont know if you mentioned that or not in your prepared remarks?
Anders Gustafsson: Yeah, I mentioned, we have three operating metrics. One was reaching the goal of 20 channels partners, we actually achieved 25. We had another goal which was to have 25 cross sales and is obviously taking our product and bundling with other products or taking them into a new vertical market and we were able to achieve that, we ended up right on the money at 25. And then we have said we were going towards 50 go lives for major projects and for that we achieved 57. So I think thats great, a great progress for us, and I was actually surprised to see how close we came to each of those ones and I think that indicates we set pretty good targets.
Greg Halter - Great Lakes Review: Wanted to give you the chance to offer up any goals you may have for 2010, in each of those three areas?
Anders Gustafsson:
 :
Operator: Your next question comes from Reik Read - Robert Baird.
Reik Read - Robert Baird:  Could you just go back to Europe and the healthcare program that you're seeing in the U.K with wristbands? It sounds you're calling it out because it's meaningful, is thats something thats sustainable or are there other follow-on programs that maybe kicking in as well?
Anders Gustafsson: In the U.K, the NHS, the National Health Service have issued a recommendation for all their hospitals to use more patient ID technology. So we've seen for the last year material improvement or strengthening of our business to NHS hospitals. Now were working with others in that space to make sure we can replicate that into other countries and make that a much more of a movement across the entire European continent as well as rest of the world.
Reik Read - Robert Baird :  Just in the retail vertical, can you guys make some comments there in terms of are you seeing the market begin to improve, and I guess I ask market versus also how you're doing because it seems the last couple of quarters, you have gained incremental customers and so you have tended to outpace the market. Can you give us a sense as to whats happening there?
Michael Terzich :  This is Michael Terzich, I'll take that. Yes, we have. We've seen an improvement in our retail performance; specifically, parts of Europe actually performed well; the U.K historically has been a strong retail market. So we did see some recovery in the fourth quarter in the UK retail marketplace. And domestically in the United States retail has finished the year very strongly for us and I think what's important here is the tier two retail channel for us specifically, so if you get beyond the tip of the pyramid so to speak, you get down to the next level of retail. Everybody is looking to increase some of that efficiency productivity within the store, this goes back to Andrews comment, this is where kiosk is starting to have an impact for us in multiple retailers and through our mobile solution. So we fell pretty good as we go into 2010, that outlook is improving.
Reik Read  Robert Baird: The operating expense guidance, Mike, that you gave, can you repeat it and tell us if the charges are included in that or not?
Michael Smiley: That would be, that would include  so the numbers that we gave were including restructuring in there. So that would be in there.
Operator: Thank you. There are no further questions at this time. I would like to turn the floor back over to management for closing comments.
Douglas Fox: Thank you everybody for joining us today. Just to let you know, our next call is on May 4th for the first quarter earnings announcement, and we will certainly be around to answer any of your question offline. So thank you very much, have a good day.
Operator: This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2009 Q2  (2009-08-04 12:00:00) =====
Executives:  Douglas A. Fox, CFA - Vice President, Investor Relations and Treasurer Anders Gustafsson - Chief Executive officer Michael C. Smiley - Chief Financial Officer Michael H. Terzich, Senior Vice President, Global Sales and Marketing, Specialty Printer Solutions 
Analysts:  Brian Drab - William Blair & Company Chris Quilty - Raymond James Reik Read - Robert W. Baird Mark Strauss - JP Morgan Mark Tulvale - Spectrum Anthony Kure - Keybanc Capital Markets Ed Young - Thomas Weisel Richard Davis - Richard W. Davis Greg Halter - Great Lakes Review 
Operator: Good morning and welcome to Zebra Technologies 2009 Second Quarter Earnings Release Conference Call. Joining us from Zebra Technologies are Anders Gustafsson, CEO, Mike Smiley, CFO, and Doug Fox, Vice President Investor Relations. (Operator's Instructions) At this time I would like to introduce Mr. Doug Fox of Zebra Technologies. Sir, you may begin.
Douglas A. Fox, CFA: Thank you and good morning. Thank you for joining us today. Ceratin statements made on this call will relate to future events or circumstances and therefore will be forward looking statements within the meaning of the Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as expect, believe, and anticipate, are a few examples of words identifying a forward looking statement. Forward looking information is subject to various risks and uncertainties which could significantly affect expected results. Risk factors were noted in the news release issued this morning and are also described in Zebra's 10-K for the year ended December 31st, 2008, which is on file with the SEC. Now let me turn the call over to Anders Gustafsson for some brief opening remarks.
Anders Gustafsson: Thank you, Doug, and good morning, everyone. Here in the room with me are Mike Smiley our CFO and Mike Terzich, our SVP of Global Sales and Marketing for the Specialty Printing Group.  Today we reported second quarter sales of $188 million and EPS excluding exit and restructuring costs of $0.19, both within our guidance range. We delivered solid performance by maintaining effective control over operating expenses, working capital, and sales execution. Although the business climate remains challenged, we began to see signs of stabilization during the quarter. Larger deal activity resumed and pipeline levels and conversation rates also improved. We are well positioned to benefit from this environment both in the near and long term. Our global industry leadership across multiple dimensions gives us the ability to gain share and capture ample possible growth opportunities as we position Zebra for significant earnings leverage when business conditions improve. Overall I was pleased with how Zebra employees continued to prudently operate the business by executing well in the areas within our control. We continued to reduce operating expenses. We also did a great job managing inventories and receivables that allowed us to deliver strong free cash flow. Zebra Enterprise Solutions, also known as ZES, achieved adjusted EBTR or cash earnings break even for the second consecutive quarter and we continue to expect ZES to achieve cash earnings break even for the full year.  In addition, our manufacturing outsourcing and ERP project are progressing on target and within budget and we expect to achieve the operational efficiencies and cost savings outlined earlier. In the Americas we saw a return of some large deal activity, a sign that customers are willing to commit to projects that have rapid quantifiable paybacks. Latin America and Asia Pacific had positive sequential growth, but Europe remained more challenged. In addition, distributors around the world continued to tighten inventories, particularly in Asia, and our run-rate business remained weaker than this time last year. We ended the quarter, however, with an improving backlog which gives us increased confidence that the business environment is stabilizing. We had a healthy diversity of wins in key verticals including retail, health care, direct store delivery, and logistics. We're pleased with the increasing demand for our HC100 Wristband Printer, which continues to gain traction for improving patient safety in hospitals and other healthcare venues.  In addition, we had some rewarding wins in retail including further deployments of kiosk printers. We've also won a strategically important piece of business for our rugged RW series of mobile printers, with a major food distributor this quarter. As we noted in the first quarter, the global slowdown in manufacturing resulted in a proportionately greater decline in sales of high performance and midrange printers. This changing product mix continued to put pressure on gross margins. There is nothing permanent, however, about the gross margin reduction. We remain confident that gross margins can and will return to historical levels as mix and volume return and the benefits of outsourcing kick in. While we protected key investments that drive long-term sales and profitable growth, we continued to pursue further expense reductions to align costs with business activity. In the second quarter, operating expenses declined 24% from a year ago and an additional 3% from the first quarter. We will continue to look at ways to adjust our cost structure to drive long-term structural changes in the business and reallocate resources and activities with the highest risk-adjusted returns. Operationally, our supply chain transformation remains on track to realize 2.5-3 percentage points in gross margin improvement in 2010. In our Q1 call we discussed as we had moved 59% of our printer production to Jabil. As of today, that number has increased to 90%.  Over the next two quarters we will be ramping down our US manufacturing infrastructure before the full financial benefits of the project are realized. We have already begun to realize some operational benefits of our ERP implementation which continues on schedule and within budget.  During the first half of 2009 we implemented modules for payroll, human resources, procurement and payables, and portions of our general ledger. Both the outsourcing and ERP projects will help Zebra deliver better customer service and greater operational efficiency.  Turning to Zebra Enterprise Solutions, I am pleased to report we continued to make good progress in achieving the milestones that we provided earlier this year. For the second quarter we had a strong sequential increase in sales into industrial manufacturing and government, the result a more concentrated effort to diversity our base of industrial customers beyond the automotive sector. Again, we are on track to achieve our stated goals for ZES. During the second quarter we had 18 major goal (inaudible) with customers around the world, bringing our year-to-date number to 30 against our goal of 50. We signed five new channel partners in Q2 which brings our total to eight, against our goal of 20. For the quarter, more than 35% of bookings in the automotive and the industrial manufacturing sector were partner generated deals. Integrators remain highly interested in participating in our channel program and we are confident in meeting our goal of signing 20 for the year. Lastly, we had four new cross sales interjacent markets, bringing our total for the year to 11, on schedule to achieve this year's goal of 25. These are all encouraging results and we are confident we will meet our goals for the year. We also remain focused on our disciplined capital allocation strategy to deliver the highest risk-adjusted returns on our investments to build enduring shareholder value. Our highest priority continues to be maintaining financial strength and flexibility to navigate effectively through this challenging environment.  We also continue to repurchase shares as our stock remained attractive on a risk-adjusted basis. During the second quarter we used $13 million to buyback 600,000 shares. Since the beginning of 2008 we've deployed $200 million to buy back 8.3 million shares, or 12.5% of our shares outstanding. In conclusion, at this halfway point in 2009 we are encouraged by the signs of stability within the current business environment. Customers are once again willing to engage in discussions about the larger distance improvement projects that offer rapid quantifiable paybacks, however, we are mindful of the ongoing challenging business conditions and will maintain our aggressive approach to sustain financial strength, align expenses with sales, and position the company for improving returns and earnings leverage when market conditions improve. Looking beyond this quarter we see long-term prospects with Zebra as excellent. Significant opportunities exist to extend our global leadership in specialty printing and other asset tracking technologies that offer real business improvement benefits. With the industry's leading brand, strongest channels, broadest product line, and global presence, we have continued to invest prudently through this downturn to position Zebra for accelerating sales and improving profitability. These investments are focused on expanding our product line, building even stronger channels, and extend Zebra's already considerable global reach into key markets. All of these objectives will help us continue to move up the value chain and become a more strategic business partner, as well as improve our overall competitive position. I'd now like to turn the call over to our CFO Mike Smiley to provide a detailed review of second quarter results and guidance for the third quarter of 2009. After Mike's remarks, I'll return for some brief closing comments on our outlook.
Michael C. Smiley: Thank you, Anders. Let me highlight the key financial year-over-year drivers for the quarter. The story is much the same as for the first quarter. Sales were down comparably on a percentage basis in all regions against peak sales in the second quarter of 2008. Gross margin was affected by mix and volume which affected overhead absorption. Operating expenses decreased in line with the sales decline, with the biggest reductions in sales and marketing and amortization of intangibles. We did a great job managing working capital with sequential declines in inventories.  Let's take a look at sales. For the quarter, sales were down 26% from peak sales a year ago, and down 3% from the first quarter. Sales in Specialty Printer Group were down 27% from a year ago, but down only 2% from the prior quarter.  As Anders mentioned, large-deal activity began to return in North America, with notable business in mobile workforce solutions, healthcare, and government. Even with the slowdown we are comfortable we maintained or extended or global leadership position. Enterprise Solution Sales of $20 million were at the high end of our guidance range.  Let's take a look at sales by product line. The brunt of the sales decline occurred in hardware which was down 33% to $125 million from last year, and represented 67% of total sales. Sequentially, hard sales were off less than 1%. On a unit basis, printers shipped declined 14% from a year ago, but were up 3% from the first quarter. Supply sales of $36 million were down 19% and comprised 19% of total sales, which is up from 17% of total sales a year ago. Service and software revenue continued to increase to the percentage of sales, reaching 14% for the second quarter, up from 11% last year. By region we had comparable sales decline between 25% and 30%. One exchange had an unfavorable impact on sales of $3.4 million or 1.3% from a year ago, with an average year-over-year rate of 1.38 for the quarter versus 1.56 last year.  As Anders commented, we had greater weakness in our higher priced, high end, and midrange printer lines, from the extreme slowdown in manufacturing across the globe. This mix change with relatively better sales performance from desktops and mobile printers, along with the greater proportion of supply sales, put downward pressure on growth margins. Consolidated growth profit margin of 43.6% was down from a peak of 50.3% a year ago and 44.6% in the first quarter. The effective mix and lower volumes which negatively affected overhead absorption, primarily drove lower growth margins in the quarter.  For the quarter, Specialty Printing Group gross margin came in at 41.6%, down from 40.5% a year ago and 40.1% for the first quarter. We view this decline as temporary and expects margins to rebound as volumes increase, product mix improves, and outsourcing is completed. ZES margin however, had a healthy increase, moving from 49.1% a year ago and 55.6% for the first quarter to 60% in the current period. Better margins on services and improved mix of business helped to further push up profitability of this segment. We maintained excellent control over operating expenses. Second quarter total operating expenses were down $21 million or 24% from last year. They were down an additional $2.3 million or 3% from the first quarter.  Year-over-year, the biggest changes in operating expenses occurred in the areas of payroll and other employee-related expenses from the cost actions we have taken over the past year. The decline includes reduction payroll costs as employees are encouraged to start the summer by taking Fridays off in May as vacation, the cost of which was previously accrued. Lower costs for business development, legal fees, travel and entertainment, and (inaudible) expenses, also contributed to the downward move on operating expenses from a year ago. Amortization decreased $2.1 million, a result of impairment charges taken in the fourth quarter. For the quarter, the investment portfolio had an annualized return of 4.5%, year-over-year, investment income was down principally because of lower interest rates, and cash balances from the buyback of Zebra stock.  Net income, excluding $0.04 per share in exit and restructuring costs came in at $0.19 per diluted share on 59.4 million average shares outstanding. Stock buybacks continued to push down the number of shares of Zebra's stock outstanding. During the second quarter we bought back 600,000 shares of Zebra stock at an average price of $18.04. The volume we purchased was down from previous periods largely because of the tighter cash flow we experienced in the first quarter. We now have 3.1 million shares remaining authorized for repurchase. We ended the quarter with 59.1 million shares outstanding. Net receivables were up slightly from the first quarter due to the timing of shipments and collections. Still, the day sales outstanding were a comfortable 67 days compared with 65 days for the first quarter. Inventories declined 8 million from the first quarter with turns increasing from 4.2 to 4.4 times.  Finally, we ended the quarter with $207 million in cash investments, up from $189 million at the end of the first quarter. It was also a very good cash generating quarter for Zebra. Free cash flow amounted to $28 million. In addition to affective control over working capital, capital expenditures total approximately $6 million, which is down from previous quarters and closer to a more normalized rate now that we are largely half the elevated expenditures for our ERP and outsourcing projects. Let me turn for a moment to capital allocation. Like all companies, Zebra has five potential uses for its excess resources to build shareholder value; invest in internal projects, reduce debt, pay dividends, make acquisitions, or buyback stock.  Given the current business environment, our highest priority is to maintain sufficient liquidity and balance sheet strength to ensure we can support our business objectives under any economic scenario.  At this juncture, share repurchases remain as our highest returning investment alternative on a risk-adjusted basis. In addition, our focus continues to be on increasing returns of ZES before we have any more acquisitions in this area. Now let's look at our third quarter forecast. We're forecasting sales of $186-$198 million. This forecast consists of expectations for Zebra Specialty Printing Group Sales in the range of $168-$178 million, and Zebra Enterprise Solutions sales between $18-$20 million. The forecast reflects a seasonally slow third quarter, particularly in Europe, and incorporates an average US dollar euro exchange rate of 1.4 compared with 1.38 in the second quarter. Our forecast assumes gross profit margin in the range of 44.3% to 46%, reflecting a portion of the benefit of outsourcing and modest improvement in product mix. We expect GAAP operating expenses at $71-$74 million. This is up slightly from Q2 as we do not expect to see as much of a benefit from employees taking vacation like we experienced in the second quarter.   GAAP earnings are expected in the range of $0.14-$0.21 per share. We're estimating exit restructuring and integration expenses to have a $0.03 per share impact on EPS. The income tax rate will be 32%.  That concludes my formal remarks, thank you for your attention. Now here's Anders for some concluding comments.
Anders Gustafsson: Thank you, Mike. In challenging times it's even more important for companies to understand their growth opportunities and the pathways for increasing shareholder value. During this downturn we have increased our dialogue with end users and channel partners and we have reconfirmed the soundness of our business strategy. We are even more confident in the opportunities for profitable growth in specialty printing and we are making the right moves to drive future success of Zebra Technologies. In this turbulent environment, customers are consolidating their relationships with companies that can meet more of their needs. We are well positioned today and we will become stronger by selectively investing in areas that will enable us to gain share and build on our industry leading customer base as business recovers.  Geographic expansion continues to be a top priority. Asia is one region which we have an opportunity to penetrate more fully over the next 12-18 months. We have added more than a dozen sales and marketing employees to the region over the past year and we intend to add more. We continue to invest in growth through expansion of our channel-centric model to facilitate the placement of Zebra products with more customers around the world. We are focusing on growing our global base of value-added resellers, and on building relationships with large system integrators and independent software vendors or ISVs, which are a natural extension of our channel model. This group of partners will have Zebra move further up the value chain with large enterprise customers, penetrate existing targeted verticals more deeply, and enable entering the new areas of opportunity more quickly and efficiently. Ultimately, strengthening our channels will help us serve our current base of customers more effectively as well as expand the number of customers we serve. Zebra consistently ranks among the highest in the industry in terms of customer satisfaction and loyalty as measured by net promoter scores. This loyalty has led to a high level of repeat business. Broader channels help Zebra serve an increasingly diverse range of customers from value users of thermal printing to those who place a premium on innovation, software, and connectivity to attract assets in a smarter way. With signs of stabilization in a still challenging business climate, we will continue to balance two key priorities, preserving year-round profitability while pursuing long-term opportunities. Our results demonstrate the effectiveness of our actions. We are using our financial strength and flexibility, industry leadership, and focus on the customer, to drive greater success and create shareholder value by directing our resources to areas that have the highest risk-adjusted returns. Our Zebra employees continue to do an excellent job maintaining global leadership capturing more available opportunities through meeting customer needs.  This concludes our prepared remarks. We would now be happy to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now be conducting a question-and-answer session. (Operator's Instructions) Our first question is from the line of Brian Drab with William Blair & Company. Please state your question.
Brian Drab - William Blair & Company: Good morning, guys. First question is just around market share gains or potential market share gains that you think you might be seeing globally. Can you talk about a little more in detail within specific geographies and end markets or product lines where you might be gaining some share?
Anders Gustafsson: I think overall we believe that we are holding or extending our share in product lines across the world. One area that we put more emphasis on has been the mobile workforce . We believe that we have been doing quite well there for the last well. Healthcare, we believe, is a market that we believe we are also doing well in today and growing. And I would say government is another market for us that we believe we're doing quite well in.
Brian Drab - William Blair & Company: Okay, great. And within specific geographies, and particular geographies you think you're doing better than any others in?
Michael H. Terzich: Brian, this is Mike Terzich. Specific to geography, the mobile workforce opportunities have been prominent for us in North America and in Latin America. Healthcare has been very solid both in North America and in Europe and the government has been also concentrated in North America and Europe, government inclusive of some of the postal opportunities in Europe and through the Armed Forces, Department of Defense, in the United States.
Brian Drab - William Blair & Company: Okay, great. And one more question. The end of the first quarter the sense that you gave us I believe was that inventory reductions that your distributors had pretty much played out and you didn't think you'd feel the effects of that to any great extent in the second quarter. What effect did inventory reduction of the distributors have on your sales in the second quarter?
Anders Gustafsson: There was some impact of inventory reductions in the second quarter. I think sales out of some of our distributors on a worldwide basis continued to reduce a bit, but they also increased the inventory turn targets they have. So we believe that at this stage the inventory reductions are really behind us and at this point we should see a nice flow through of orders as they receive them.
Brian Drab - William Blair & Company: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Chris Quilty With Raymond James. Please state your question.
Chris Quilty - Raymond James: Good morning, gentlemen. I was hoping that you could help us quantify a little bit better the sort of accumulated cost savings we should be seeing by next year in two areas, one on the manufacturing side I know you had talked about incrementally picking up $20 million or more once the US-based manufacturing is shut down. That's the first one. And the second would be the ERP spending, when that will tail off and what the incremental pickup might be for next year.
Michael C. Smiley: First of all, on the gross margin I think we mentioned that from second quarter to our third quarter forecast we're seeing a little bit of the benefit of the outsourcing and the improvement of that gross margin. We expect, if you look at from Q2 to what we're going to see in 2010, the figure we've given you before still remains intact. Again, as volumes increase the savings will increase, as volumes decline, savings go down, but at this level we're sort of in the ballpark of what we've been telling you all along. As far as the ERP spending, I think if you look at our capital expenditures, you can see that for the quarter they were down. I think a lot of the heavy cash flow already went through, a lot of it through 2008, and we expect the current levels roughly to be sort of where we see ourselves going forward. Again, 2008 had both the ERP implementation and some CapEx associated with the outsourcing. Again, in 2009, and we're not quantifying this, but in 2009 we are in some respects carrying two sets of ERPs because we're not sure if switching one off and turning one on all at the same time  we're trying to take something that's a little bit less risky. So as a result, going through our (inaudible) we have software costs and maintenance on legacy systems as well as new systems. And so at the end of 2011 we'll sort of see ourselves through most of the ERP implementation.
Chris Quilty - Raymond James: Okay. And have you quantified any tax-cost savings from the off shoring, not that the administration might not take those away, but 
Michael C. Smiley: Well, the 32% rate is meant to reflect sort of the potential tax benefits of outsourcing for this year. We haven't really computed  you bring up a very good point, it's difficult to know how the administration is going to affect our tax benefits in 2010 and going forward, so at this point we're not really giving a figure out for that.
Chris Quilty - Raymond James: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Reik Read with Robert Baird. Please state your question.
Reik Read - Robert W. Baird:  Hey, good morning. Anders, in your comments you had mentioned that the pipeline is building, and just could you clarify that a little bit? I had always looked at the printing business as more of a turns business with minimal pipeline and maybe in the Enterprise Solutions Group there's more of a pipeline, but could you just clarify what you mean there?
Anders Gustafsson: Yeah. The number of activities and deals that we see in our pipeline has been increasing, so that gives us some better confidence about the outlook. We're also seeing better conversion rates of deals  deals that actually end up in our pipeline have a higher proportion of getting closed. And third I would say as we entered the third quarter we actually had the healthiest backlog that we have seen in the last year.
Reik Read - Robert W. Baird: And when you talk about a backlog in pipeline, are these deals that your sales force is going out and earning and they may be fulfilled through the channel in some quick fashion?
Anders Gustafsson: Yeah. These are deals that we and/or our channels are working on. So we are aware of a number of deals that our channel works on that we aren't necessarily involved in directly ourselves, but we're also helping doing a high-touch model with our sales channel partners to ensure that they get as much benefit as they can from our resources.
Reik Read - Robert W. Baird: Okay. And then with respect to your guidance, can you talk a little bit about what your assumptions are for hitting the 186 number versus the 198, i.e. the low and the high of the range?
Michael C. Smiley: So we're in the third quarter which is a little bit  I think given what Anders was saying about the pipeline and seeing that we felt good, I think the hard part about predicting the forecast is we're going into what is, in Europe, a holiday season. So we're trying to balance on one hand knowing that we have a holiday season  sort of like going around the moon on Apollo 13 on the backside of the moon so we're trying to balance the fact that we don't know exactly how the holiday will affect us, but we're also sort of seeing right now things are looking attractive and so that's how we try to balance that range.
Reik Read - Robert W. Baird: And you mean attract in Europe as well as North America.
Michael H. Terzich: Right. That's what it means. We felt pretty comfortable with July, but we recognize that typically, August is the month of European holiday and with the broader economic situation still prevalent, we're just not certain how that holiday season is going to play out, but we like the way July looks and we feel pretty comfortable with the range.
Reik Read - Robert W. Baird: Okay. And then, Mike, since we have you on the phone, could you maybe give us just a little bit of an update on some of the key vertical markets, manufacturing, transportation, logistics, and retail, and what you're just generally seeing in the marketplace?
Michael H. Terzich: Well, I thin  and Anders' earlier comment with certainty  the extended manufacturing supply chain, including the transportation sector, has been the most challenging market that we're seeing and that' son a global basis not only in less, but also in just about every one of the export dependent international markets as well.  Where we have seen opportunities, including the pipeline comment that Anders made earlier, is in a couple markets, particularly in what we call mobile workforce which is a lot in the direct store delivery space as an example, where the efficiency of our solutions, even in tougher economic environments  there is quite a bit of interest right now for the folks that are delivering goods and services in the field to streamline printing solutions. So that's created some opportunity.  Healthcare has been very good and continues to be pretty robust for us globally. For that matter we're really positioned there with the partners and the solutions we have and the retail space is a bit hit or miss right now . And what I mean by that is you look at the high-branded goods retailers and their business obviously is soft. They feed off of same-store sales as a key effort for IT solutions appointments  the box retailers, the discount retailers, that business has been good and so we're seeing some interest in some of the larger project appointments that serve that space. So it's really a mixed bag.
Reik Read - Robert W. Baird: And just real quickly, two followups on what you just said, one on the retail side of things. You guys have been talking about trying to diversify that retail space for awhile, to what extent is that helping to offset some of the more general weakness? And then on the healthcare front, if you look at the stimulus spending  and I know that that's going to a lot of different places, but there's $23 billion that are floating out there for IT in healthcare  how much of that can you guys capture?
Michael H. Terzich: As far as the diversification strategy, that is working well. We actually look at that from two dimensions. The first dimension is diversification of selling a broader range of solutions into our existing retail customers and then the second dimension is adding retail customers. And I can tell you in the second quarter, that serves us well on both marks. For example, we've introduced some kiosk printing solutions into some of our traditional retail customers and that was meaningful relative to the contribution in the second quarter, and we've added some new retail accounts as well both here in the United States and in the international markets. On the healthcare front I think it's what you said  I think there is some surge in bringing AIDC technology into the healthcare space. We've been well positioned there for a number of years and we had a number of large hospital-related patient safety applications that we closed in the second quarter and the pipeline for the third quarter looks as robust.
Reik Read - Robert W. Baird: Okay, great. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Paul Coster with JPMorgan. Please state your question. 
Mark Strauss - JP Morgan:  Hi, it's actually Mark Strauss on behalf of Paul. Apologies if we missed this earlier, but can you just remind us how far along we are in the outsourcing initiative?
Anders Gustafsson: The outsourcing we have now moved 90% of our prediction capacity to Jabil in China. So the focus now is to obviously complete the last 10%, but over the next two quarters we will ramp down remaining capacity we have in the US. So if you remember, our strategy was to start up the line in China, ramp it and prove that we had a supply chain working properly and was being robust, and basically run our North American or Chinese product lines in parallel for about six weeks. And 90% is up, we're starting to really focus on ramping down the benefits or the product lines in the US. We've also now started in July really to be able to reduce our headcount within the supply chain organization where well over 200 people have actually been leaving the organization now, many of them indirect employees, so obviously more the expensive part. So that's a difficult part of outsourcing, but that's also one that's going to help us drive the benefits in the third quarter here now, and we're still confident with the guidance we've given earlier about 2.5-3 percentage points of gross margin improvement in 2010.
Mark Strauss - JP Morgan: Got it, thanks. And then can you just tell us how the maintenance revenue has been churning as a function of customers delaying their new printer orders?
Anders Gustafsson: So the aftermarket revenues?
Mark Strauss - JP Morgan: Right.
Anders Gustafsson: Yeah, aftermarket revenues have been holding up much better than new product sales as customers have been repairing older printers, they have been buying new spare or replacement print heads and other things like that.
Mark Strauss - JP Morgan: Okay, thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Mark Tulvale (ph) with Spectrum.
Mark Tulvale - Spectrum:  Good morning. I'm wondering if you could give us a little insight into the progress of the Enterprise Solutions business, and could you address, as part of that, the question of whether your jeopardizing any of your channeled relations by this project?
Anders Gustafsson: So first, progress on the business, one of the big objectives for this year was to make sure we got the ZES to cash earnings break even and we've now done that two quarters in a row and we expect that we will continue to achieve that for the full year. We laid out three different priorities or three different objectives. One was to feed 50 new large go lives for ZES and we are now at 30 for the half year point. We had said we wanted to sign up 20 new channel partners and we're now at 8 for that, and the majority of those are traditional Zebra SPG partners. And the last (inaudible) that we were looking to add more cross sales between new verticals or new products into existing customers and we've now done 11 of those out of a goal of 25. So I think we're tracking quite nicely on the objectives we set out. We feel quite good about that, but this is a tough environment, obviously for Zebra as a whole and for ZES. Automotive was the largest single market for the (inaudible) position that we did and container traffic is down the first time, I think, in the history of the container, so it's not like those industries have been spared. But I think we've been dealing with that quite well. With respect to the second part of your question, whether or not any of our traditional SPG partners will be concerned about ZES. I don't believe so. I think that we are working closely with a number of them to enable them to become also resellers for our ZES organization and for the most part our traditional partners don't have contacts or relationships or even capabilities to say to market terminal operating systems into marine main terminal operators. So I think that we have a good situation with our current SPG partners and many of them are working with us to become partners for ZES also.
Mark Tulvale - Spectrum: Thanks, Anders.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Anthony Kure with Keybanc Capital Markets. Please state your question.
Anthony Kure - Keybanc Capital Markets:  Good morning. I just wanted to touch on the mix headwind's facing with the smaller printers. Could you just give me an indication of what kind of historic mix you may have experienced in the higher margin days for these types of printers? Was it the larger printers more than 50% of unit sales or less than 50%  I'm just trying to gauge the magnitude of which are being impacted here.
Anders Gustafsson: For the last five or six years the mix of our high-end tabletop printer lines have been around 30% of our printer revenues and that has come down a bit to 25% here now and I think really largely driven by manufacturing being down very substantially around the world. If you look at many markets where we have strong position like in Asia, there's very much export oriented and exports have gone down substantially so manufacturing lines are not being utilized to the same extent they were. But we believe that we have a very strong market share in that area and we are holding our share, if not gaining share, and we have a number of new products in the pipeline at the high end that we believe will help stimulate demand over the next many months. So in the fall we're coming out with our new XiIIII printer which is a new high-end high performance printer for us. We also have a retransfer printer in the car business and earlier next year we come out to the high performance and security performance printer for our car business also. We're doing a number of things to make sure that we have a very healthy and vibrant product portfolio that will help stimulate demand in that space also.
Anthony Kure - Keybanc Capital Markets: Okay and then I think you mentioned when the historic mix continues or returns to normal you get to historic margins. When you say historic  I want to quantify or get an idea on what historic timeframe we're talking about. Are we talking about historic operating margins, and in that light would that be sort of the low 20s? is that what you're referring to by historic margins?
Michael C. Smiley: We're talking about gross margins, and I think that historically we've been sort of in the 47%-48% range and I think that's sort of what we're talking about right now.
Anthony Kure - Keybanc Capital Markets: Okay. And then last question, I didn't catch the full comment on the impact of the employees taking the day off and the impact of accrual. Could you just, Mike, go through that portion of your comments again?
Michael C. Smiley: Well we're not disclosing exactly how much that is, but I'm going to tell you it's a meaningful part of the difference from quarter to quarter.
Anthony Kure - Keybanc Capital Markets: Of which piece, of the G&A?
Michael C. Smiley: Yes.
Anthony Kure - Keybanc Capital Markets: Alright, thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Ajan Pai (ph), Thomas Weisel. 
Ed Young - Thomas Weisel: Good morning. This is Ed Young standing in for Ajan Pai. First, a couple of questions regarding Enterprise Solution Group. I believe this is the first (inaudible) for the segment on a year-over-year basis, and can you give us some color on end-market conditions? Given your pipeline, do you see improvement in the segment in the coming quarters? 
Anders Gustafsson: Yes. (Inaudible) this is the first year-over-year decline for ZES. So from that perspective ZES has done well by hanging in there for as long as it has. Obviously the markets ZES are operating in are tough and exposed to the economic downturn, no less than the economy as a whole with automotive and shipping volume being to (inaudible). That being said, I believe we are well placed in a number of attractive markets here and we do expect that we will be able to hold and expand our share, and we are focusing very much on being able to expand, partially in the industrial manufacturing area and governments, though leveraging channel partners which will be a more cost effective way for us to go to market.
Ed Young - Thomas Weisel:  Okay. And also on the same segment, you mentioned that the segment actually achieved cash breakeven and given the cost reductions and restructuring that you have implemented so far, what is the sales breakeven level for the segment now? Is this going to be roughly $20 million per quarter, or are you aiming for even lower volumes?
Anders Gustafsson: It's roughly $20 million per quarter and we think that's a good target for us to have at this stage.
Ed Young - Thomas Weisel:  Okay, great. One final question, you mentioned mix shift and lower sales volumes were the main drivers for lower gross margin this quarter, but do you see any increase in pricing pressure in the end market given the current economic environment?
Michael C. Smiley: Well I think we talk about the fact that historically when we see large deals we'll see a number of competitors that will chase those deals and so quarter to quarter there will always be a little pricing up and down. We don't see anything terribly abnormal about this quarter's results in regards to pricing, but we will see again as big deals pop up it will attract a lot of competitors and the pricing will be more competitive.
Anders Gustafsson: Just one more point on that, when you look at our press release you can see AUPs have declined. That's really driven by mix shift, not by actual price decline within the product assemblies. So pricing within product assemblies is very, very stable. The only area we receive some extra modest price pressure is on larger deals where competition is somewhat tougher.
Ed Young - Thomas Weisel:  Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Richard Davis with Richard W. Davis. Please state your question.
Richard Davis - Richard W. Davis: Yeah, along the lines of the enterprise area, it looks as though there's a terrific improvement in either gross margin or operating costs, looking at the numbers, could you give us some color on that?
Anders Gustafsson: Yeah. There's a meaningful improvement in both gross margin and operating costs. We have worked very hard for the last year to really get our cost structure in place to enable us to operate at the cash earnings breakeven point. The gross margin we have worked really hard to improve the services gross margin. That's one big component of this. The other is that we have a more healthy mix in this quarter and we also expect that to be the case for next quarter. And then we have been driving some very substantial structural changes to the organization which has reduced the operating expense by several million dollars per quarter.
Richard Davis - Richard W. Davis: I see. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Greg Halter with Great Lakes Review. Please state your question.
Greg Halter - Great Lakes Review:  Yes, thank you. Good morning. I didn't hear the figure for new product introductions as a percentage of sales and wonder what that is? And, Anders, I think you've discussed a couple of the new ones, but what your prospects are there going forward?
Anders Gustafsson: Yes, new product revenues for the quarter was 7.5% so in line with the prior quarter and we have a s I said, a number of new attractive products coming out in the second half of 2009 and into 2010 that should help to give that a nice boost. 
Greg Halter - Great Lakes Review: Okay. And what percentage of your sales now is Scansource accounting for?
Anders Gustafsson: I have to look that up here. 
Michael C. Smiley: It hasn't changed meaningfully from last quarter.
Greg Halter - Great Lakes Review: Still around 15%?
Anders Gustafsson: Yeah.
Greg Halter - Great Lakes Review: Okay. Have there been any changes in the investment portfolio composition?
Anders Gustafsson: No, not at all.
Greg Halter - Great Lakes Review: Okay. And I know, Mike, you touched on the receivables and so forth, but just wondered if you could expand on your thought as to the quality that you're seeing there and if you have any issues in terms of collectability and so forth.
Michael C. Smiley: This has been  and I'll sort of and another point. Our working capital over the last couple of quarters, we've been very pleasantly, not surprised, but we're pleased with where things are. So the receivables, we haven't had any meaningful customer inability to pay or anything like that. The quality of our receivables we feel are very good. I'd say the other piece we probably haven't amplified much in is that actually for our inventories to have moved in the direction that they did, given we're in the middle of outsourcing, I think our operations team has done a very good job of trying to manage that. I think at the beginning of the quarter I would've told you that I expected inventory to increase a little bit and actually for it to decline in the middle of what we're going through, we felt good about that.
Greg Halter - Great Lakes Review: Okay, that's good. And again regarding the backlog, you had made some comments about that, but is there any directional figures that you could provide if it's up 10 or 20 or 50% year over year?
Anders Gustafsson: I think we'd be comfortable to just reiterate what we said earlier that it's the healthiest we've had in the last 12 months.
Greg Halter - Great Lakes Review: Okay, I thought I'd give you a chance (laughter).
Operator: (Operator's Instructions) Our next question is from the line of Reik Read of Robert W. Baird. Please state your question.
Reik Read - Robert W. Baird: Just with respect to the ZES business, the automotive segment or the automotive industry is showing some signs of stability and obviously there's a lot of cash being infused by governments around the world to stabilize that. Does that suggest that there may be some returning opportunity, or is that something that's just going to stay dormant for awhile?
Anders Gustafsson: We believe that there are opportunities to do more in automotive. We actually had an increase in automotive and industrial manufacturing orders quarter over quarter. So the second quarter was up from the first quarter. We have a very strong position in automotive and I think that we are certainly well placed to be able to capture additional budgets that the automotive manufacturers may invest in.  And as the automotive manufacturers are starting to get out of bankruptcy for some and improve their financials in other areas, we would expect that they would continue to really drive hard to improve the efficiencies of their operations and our products have a very quick payback and it's very well respected by the users within the automotive community. So we are expecting to see improvements in that side of the placement.
Reik Read - Robert W. Baird: Anders, at this point are you having those discussions with them or is it still kind of a wait and see given everything that they've gone through?
Anders Gustafsson: No I mean it's obviously a lot of different manufacturers out there and some of them are more active in discussion than others, but we had a number of new automotive wins in the second quarter.
Reik Read - Robert W. Baird: Okay. And then just one followup on the specialty printing group. The operating margin, if I factor out the one-time items declined by about 100 basis point sequentially, the revenue was down modestly  less than 2%. What would have driven that decline given all the positive things that you had going on?
Anders Gustafsson: It was reserves. 
Michael C. Smiley: I mean obviously we walked through the gross margins quarter over quarter. We talked about the fact that we have the vacation benefit, but we didn't really have any huge changes in our OpEx quarter to quarter besides the items that we've talked about.
Reik Read - Robert W. Baird: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Thank you. There are no further questions at this time. I would like to turn the call back over to management for closing comments.
Douglas A. Fox, CFA: This is Doug. First of all, thank you all for attending our conference call today. Just put on your calendar our next quarterly conference call will be on Wednesday, November 4th  third quarter conference call. Also if any of you want to followup, Mike Smiley and I will be around to answer your questions all day today. Thank you very much.
Operator: This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your liens at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2009 Q1  (2009-05-05 11:30:00) =====
Executives: Douglas A. Fox, CFA - Vice President, Investor Relations and Treasurer Anders Gustafsson - Chief Executive Officer Michael C. Smiley - Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer Michael H. Terzich - Senior Vice President, Global Sales and Marketing, Specialty Printer Solutions
Analysts: Paul Coster - J.P.Morgan Securities, Inc. Reik Read - Robert W. Baird Brian Drab - William Blair & Company
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Zebra Technologies' 2009 First Quarter Earnings Release Conference Call. Joining us from Zebra Technologies are Anders Gustafsson, CEO, Mike Smiley, CFO, Mike Terzich, Senior Vice President and Global Sales and Marketing, SPS, and Douglas Fox, Vice President, Investor Relations. All lines will be in a listen-only mode until after today's presentation. Instructions will be given at that time, in order to ask the questions. At the request of Zebra Technologies, this conference call is being recorded. Should anyone have any objections, please disconnect at this time. At this time, I would like to introduce Mr. Douglas Fox of Zebra Technologies. Sir, you may begin.
Douglas A. Fox, CFA: Good morning. Thank you for joining us today. Certain statements made on this call will relate to future events or circumstances, and therefore will be forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as expect, believe, and anticipate, are a few examples of words identifying a forward-looking statement. Forward-looking information is subject to various risks and uncertainties, which could significantly affect expected results. Risk factors were noted in the news release issued this morning, and are also described in Zebra's 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008, which is on file with the SEC. Now, let me turn the call over to Anders Gustafsson for some brief opening remarks.
Anders Gustafsson: Thank you, Dough, and good morning, everyone. I appreciate you joining us today. Here in the room with me are Mike Smiley, our CFO, and Mike Terzich, our SVP of Global Sales and Marketing for our Specialty Printing Group. Today Zebra reported first quarter EPS well within our guidance range, but fell slightly short on sales. The environment during the first quarter was particularly challenging due to reduced capital spending, inventory reductions and project deferrals by our customers. Our team however, did a remarkable job, managing the business prudently by executing well on the areas within our control. We continue to focus on increasing operating efficiencies, further aligning our expenses to match reduced sales levels, and managing inventories and receivables effectively. In addition, our long-term projects, including transforming our supply chain through outsourcing, manufacturing and implementing our new ERP system, are progressing as planned. Sales activities, as driven by our Specialty Printing Group, demonstrated some pick up in the first weeks of February, but was softer than anticipated in the second half of March. On a regional basis, we experienced weaker than expected sales in Asia-Pacific and Latin America. We also saw greater softness in North America, as distributors moved aggressively to reduce inventory levels in the face of weak demand. Business in EMEA met our internal expectations. As our outlook for the second quarter suggests, however, we could be seeing early signs of stabilization. As expected, our targeted verticals in healthcare and government performed relatively well. We had some nice wins in the retail sector in Asia-Pacific and North America, and activity with coastal organizations improved in EMEA. As we expected, the substantial decline in sales to customers in manufacturing, impacted product mix, gross margin and average unit prices, which we expect to rebound as business conditions improve. In the face of current economic headwinds, we continued to align our sales activity towards the most promising and durable markets, including the government healthcare and mobile work force verticals. On the expense side, we began to more fully realize the benefits of our actions taken in the second half of 2008, and early 2009, to align costs, with business activity. For the quarter, we reduced operating expenses by 14% from a year ago. The entire team can be credited for doing an excellent job, controlling discretionary spending during this challenging period. In addition, we made structural changes to our operations, including streamlining our sales and marketing functions, initiated in the fourth quarter of 2008. We continued to streamline and integrate sales and marketing to create a model with better coverage and resource alignment with our growth goals for 2009. These efforts are beginning to improve execution, flexibility and responsiveness. These actions made an immediate contribution and will give Zebra added earnings leverage when market conditions improve. Operationally, our surprising transformation remains on track to realize costs savings of 25 to $30 million, or 2.5 to 3 percentage points in gross margin improvement in 2010. In our Q3 2008 call, we discussed that we had moved approximately 40% of our production capacity to Jabil. At the end of the first quarter that number had increased to 59%. Approximately 40% of first quarter printer sales were the products sourced from Jabil. Likewise, our ERP implementation continues on schedule and within budget, with the latest module successfully launched as recently as yesterday. Both of these multi-year projects would help Zebra deliver better customer service and greater operation efficiency. We also remained focused on our disciplined capital allocation strategy to deliver the highest risk adjusted returns on our investments to build enduring shareholder value. Our highest priority continues to be maintaining financial strength and flexibility, to navigate effectively through this challenging environment. In Q1, we viewed repurchasing our shares as the highest risk adjusted return alternative. At the end of the first quarter, we had $189 million in cash and investments with no debt. For the quarter, we used $29 million to buyback 1.7 million shares. Since the beginning of 2008, we've deployed $186 million to buyback 7.7 million shares. During our previous conference call, we discussed the urgency for the Enterprise Solutions division to generate an appropriate level of return. For the first quarter, Enterprise Solutions performed within guidance, and I am pleased to report that the actions we took to lower the cost structure and improve operation efficiency, led to an adjusted EBITDA breakeven. We remain confident. We have laid the ground work for Enterprise Solutions to be roughly EBITDA breakeven for 2009. While we realize this is only a step towards our ultimate goal for Enterprise Solutions, it is an important financial milestone that demonstrates real progress and underscores our commitment to unlock the full value of these operations. In addition, we remain on course with our faced strategy to fully integrate Enterprise Solutions into our global operations. In 2008, we focused on integrating and streamlining the acquired operations with each other and gaining stocks compliance. This year our energies are focused on solution integration, cross selling and channel development. The Enterprise Solution's team is committed to realizing our vision for these businesses, by leveraging our assets to drive higher sales and market leadership. And I'm pleased with their progress. The success with Enterprise Solutions is critical to our global competitive positioning, as it enhances the value of our core business. It makes Zebra a more important strategic business partner through industry leading asset tracking and management technologies, high value software products, and a comprehensive solution set. The Enterprise Solutions division is well-aligned with Zebra's core value propositions to our customers, and provides a deep expertise into targeted industry. In addition, it gives us access to high level decision makers in the world's largest enterprises. I am pleased to report, we made good progress in achieving the milestones we provided last quarter to cross sell and bundle our solutions within the division. During the quarter, we formally signed five new channel partners, including three current Specialty Printing resellers. We have nearly 20 more integrators who have applied or are in various stages of evaluation. This level of interest gives us confidence in meeting our goal of signing 20 for the year. We deployed five systems in cross selling situations out of this year's goal of 25. We continue to cross sell the solutions across industries and into adjacent markets, such as the ultra wideband solutions that we typically sell into manufacturing. In this quarter, we sold ultra wideband into government and aerospace and defense. This demonstrates the combined sales team's ability to up sell current customers, and cross sell into new markets. And we installed 12 solutions out of this year's goal of 50, with customers around the world. The installations were in industrial manufacturing, maritime and aviation in EMEA, the United States and Latin America. These achievements are all the more impressive given the difficult market environment in general, and the continued pressure on the automotive industry in particular, coupled with push outs of IT projects in other segments. Even with these challenges, our customers continue to see value in these solutions this business offers. Zebra has aggressively taken steps to maintain financial strength, align expenses with sales, and position the company through improving returns and earnings leverage, when market conditions improve. While disappointed with the level of sales driven by current industry conditions, I am very pleased with Zebra continues to execute in this environment. We remain well-positioned to extend global leadership in a fundamentally attractive industry. Our solutions, incorporating a broad range of established and emerging technologies, enable our customers to deploy their critical assets smarter to improve business performance. We continue to build on our clear brand leadership, product breadth, financial strength, and global presence to move up the value chain and become a more strategic business partner. I'd now like to turn the call over to our CFO, Mike Smiley, to provide a detailed review of first quarter results and guidance for the second quarter of 2009. After Mike's remarks, I'll return for some brief closing comments on our outlook.
Michael C. Smiley: Thank you, Anders. Let me highlight the key financial year-over-year drivers for the quarter. Sales were down comparably in dollar terms across all geographic regions. Gross margin was affected by lower sales volume, the expected shift in product mix, and changes in foreign exchange rates. Operating expenses fell, with the biggest declines occurring in sales and marketing, and ammonization of intangibles. The income tax rate of 32% was affected by non-taxable interest income, which is a larger percentage of pre-tax income than in prior periods. We expected 32% rate to be effective for the full year of 2009. Foreign exchange had a negative impact on operating income of approximately $2 million. Let's take a look at sales. For the quarter, sales were down 22% from a year ago, and 17% from the fourth quarter. Sales in Specialty Printing Group were down 24%, with a slowdown in large deal activity, reduction of inventories with distributors, and general push outs and delays. Even with the slowdown, we are comfortable that we maintained or extended our global leadership position. Enterprise Solutions sales increased to 1%, as we had entered the quarter with a good backlog. Booking activity in Enterprise Solutions remained healthy in the quarter. Let's take a look at sales by product lines. The breadth of the sales decline occurred in hardware, which was down 30% to a 126 million from last year, and represented 55% of total sales. As Anders commented, we had greater weakness in our high-end and middle range printer lines, from the extreme slowdown in manufacturing across the globe. This mix change with relative better sales performance from desktop and mobile printers put greater downward pressure on gross margins than we expected. We view this decline as temporary, and expect margins to rebound as product mix benefits from improvements in the economy. The percentage of printer sales from new printers came in at 7%, while printer sales introduced over the last 18 months have been ramping nicely, our very popular ZM400 and 600 models fell off the back end of the calculation. We expect this number to move up, as we introduce new printers, and printer such as our HC100 wristband, G-series Desktop and kiosk printers gained further traction. We shipped 199,000 printers in first quarter. Average unit price of $517 was down from $614 a year ago, largely because of product mix and foreign exchange. Pricing within product families remained stable year-over-year. The price of 38 million provided a moderating effect down 9%, and comprised 20% of total sales. Service and software revenues increased 3% and accounted for 13% of total sales. By region, we had comparable sales declines between 20 and 30%. Adjusting for FX, EMEA sales declined about 15%. Foreign exchange and other hedges reduced consolidated sales by 6.7 million or 3%. Consolidated gross margin was 44.6%, compared with 49.9% a year ago. Again, the big story here was the mix in volume. Specialty Printing Group gross margins declined from 49.8% to 43.1%, including 0.7 percentage points from foreign exchange changes or $4.3 million. Gross margin for Enterprise Solutions Group increased to 55.6% from 51%, with a benefit of from a more profitable services business, in which we aligned resources with the current level of activity. We are very pleased with our overall control of operating expenses. First quarter total operating expenses were down 12 million or 14.3% from the prior year. Of this decline 2 million was due to changes in foreign exchange rates. The bigger changes in operating expenses occurred in areas of business development, prototypes and tooling and other discretionary spending. Amortization decreased 1.9 million, result of impairment charges taken in the fourth quarter. For the quarter, the investment portfolio had annualized return of 3.1%. On an absolute basis, investment income was down principally because our deployment of cash to buy back stock. The income tax rate for the quarter was 32%, down from our historical 34.5%. The difference was driven by non-taxable interest income, which was the higher percentage of pre-tax income than in prior periods. We expect 32% rate to be effective for the full year. Net income came in at $0.16 per diluted share on 50.3 million average shares outstanding. Exit restructuring and integration costs reduced earnings per share by $0.02 per share. We ended the quarter with 59.4 million shares outstanding. And our receivables were down $15.5 million. Days outstanding were 65 days compared with 63 days because of the timing of sales. Inventory levels were inline with our expectations and moved up only slightly during this period of transition to outsourcing. Inventory reserves likewise remained flat with fourth quarter levels. And we ended the quarter with a $189 million in cash and investments. Cash flow was affected by some big reductions in liabilities. We had 24 million in the accrued liabilities, including declines in accrued payroll and bonuses, and the settlement on foreign exchange balance sheet hedges. Income taxes payable declined by $8 million and accounts payable were down by 6.5 million. We use this high use of cash to be principally timing related. During the quarter, we maintained progress on the share buyback program. For the period, we bought back 1.7 million shares at an average price of $17.30. We now have 3.7 million shares remaining authorized for repurchase. Let me turn a moment to capital allocation. From all companies, Zebra has five potential -- like all companies, Zebra has five potential uses for its excess resources to built shareholder value, to invest in general projects, reduce debt, pay dividends, make acquisitions or buy back stock. Given the current business environment, the highest priority is to maintain sufficient liquidity and balance sheet strength, to ensure we can support our business objectives under any economics scenario. Beyond investing and important internal projects, share repurchases remain as our highest returning investment alternative on a risk adjusted basis. In addition, our focus continues to be on increasing returns on Enterprise Solutions, before we make any more acquisitions in this area. Now, let's look at our second quarter forecast. We are forecasting sales of 186 to $200 million. This forecast consists of expectations for Zebra's Specialty Printing Group sales in the range of 158 million to $180 million, Enterprise Solutions sales between 18 and $20 million. The forecast incorporates an average U.S. dollar-euro exchange rate of 1.3 compared with 1.56 a year ago. GAAP earnings are expected in the range of 12 to $0.20 per share. Our forecast assumes gross profit margin in the range of 44.3 to 45.6%, given the impact of FX, product mix and lower volumes. We expect GAAP operating expenses at 72 to $74 million. We're estimating exit restructuring integration expenses to have a $0.04 per share impact on EPS. The income tax rate will be 32%. That concludes my formal remarks. Now, here's Anders for some concluding comments.
Anders Gustafsson: Thank you, Mike. Going forward, we continue to manage our business prudently with the balance between preserving near term profitability and pursuing long-term opportunities, to ensure we position Zebra for accelerating earning growth when business conditions improve. The effectiveness of our expense controls on current financial results is evident. At the same time, we are using our financial strength and flexibility, industry leadership and focus on the customer to drive greater success, increase shareholder value by directing our resources to areas that have the highest risk adjusted returns. To date, our largest investments have been in Zebra itself, with stock buybacks leading the way, followed by our high value outsourcing in ERP projects. In addition, we continue to invest in new products and solutions to serve more customer needs and further enhance our global competitive position. The printer products we introduced last year are steadily gaining traction. In the middle of the year, we will begin shipping our new retransfer card printer, which gives us greater access to RFID Smart Card applications. We also have new tabletop desktop and kiosk printers under development for release later this year. In these turbulent times, when many companies are cutting back to survive, we've used our financial strength to bolster our competitive position by making selective additions of seasoned industry reference. These suggestions include, experienced sales representatives for mobile solutions, an area of great opportunity for Zebra, and new leadership in sales management and engineering. We are also taking advantage of opportunities the global economic crisis is presenting, by focusing more marketing efforts to gain share in areas where weaker competitors are having trouble meeting customer requests. Our Zebra employees have done an excellent job under difficult circumstances to maintain global leadership by capturing more available opportunities through meeting customer needs. Let me close by saying that Zebra will be a more nimble and formidable company, as we come out of this global recession. Zebra is in strong position in a great industry that serves critical customer needs. I am confident that we're using our resources prudently to create lasting shareholder value. This concludes our prepared remarks. And we would now be happy to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now be conducting a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from Paul Coster with J.P.Morgan. Please proceed with your question.
Paul Coster - J.P.Morgan Securities, Inc.: Yes. First of all, the OpEx is going up sequentially, notwithstanding the tough top-line at the moment. Can you just talk about where you're increasing your OpEx and why?
Anders Gustafsson: OpEx for the fourth quarter was 85...
Michael Smiley: guidance...
Anders Gustafsson: Oh, the guidance. Why is the guidance going up? I'm sorry. Guidance is going up for a couple of reasons. I think, first of all, in the first quarter we had -- a lot of our discretionary spend was slightly below. We put a lot of pressure on that. We are expecting that that level may have to ramp up just a little bit from the first quarter. It's a primary driver for that. We're seeing that -- we're comfortable with the guidance that we're getting, but we're not seeing a big increase. Again, the first quarter was we thought -- we put a lot of pressure in trying to keep that number down.
Paul Coster - J.P.Morgan Securities, Inc.: Yeah, I can see it is not very much. I am just curious though whether I can fly back to your comment about global leadership Mike. You said that you feel like you're gaining somehow. Is that because you're spending more than others in SG&A? Can you just sort of talk about the competitive landscape and what you're doing to capitalize from this weakness amongst your competitors?
Anders Gustafsson: Yeah we... this is Anders. We are trying to very carefully balance our short-term profit requirements with the long-term opportunities to position Zebra for growth and creating shareholder value. We have taken opportunities to strengthen our team by hiring some very strong people in our sales organization, sales management and engineering. So, we want to make sure we take advantage of the market as it is. We are also continuing to develop a lot of new products, and we see some of the expenses that come from molding and other tooling for new products. And we continue to do lot of marketing in order to stimulate end user demand to make sure that our brand name is out there and continues to extend its leadership.
Paul Coster - J.P.Morgan Securities, Inc.: If you were able to pinpoint the weaknesses amongst your competitors, which geographies and which product there is that they're starting to fall behind you?
Anders Gustafsson: I don't think we want go into anything specific with our competitors. We have a lot of different competitors and it varies by region and product line. So, we take them all seriously. And everybody is fighting hard at this.
Paul Coster - J.P.Morgan Securities, Inc.: Okay. Last question, Anders, you did mention the word stabilization. Can you just give us a little bit of color around what are you seeing that might be sort of more constructive out there at the moment?
Anders Gustafsson: Yeah. First, the environment continues to be very tough. We are not saying that this has become a benign environment. It's still tough. But, we do see from early signs of stabilization we believe. And with the increased proposal activity, and I think our pipeline is little less volatile. And... but, this stability is still limited. But, some signs of stabilization.
Paul Coster - J.P.Morgan Securities, Inc.: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Reik Read with Robert W. Baird. Please proceed with your question.
Reik Read - Robert W. Baird: Hey. Good morning. If I could go back to the operating expense hit for a second. It looked like most of the reductions that you saw from an OpEx standpoint, it really came out of the sales and marketing area. Can you address why that is given the importance of that area, and why not more of a focus maybe on administration, and talk about those actions? And Mike to your point, can you talk about how much of the actions you've taken is sustainable, and then what needs to be back build?
Michael Terzich: Hey Reik, this is Mike Terzich. I will take your question. On the sales and marketing side, we commented in the prepared remarks about streamlining some of that activity. It's principally focused in two areas. We've taken a look at the business across the globe. And we're pretty well diversified across a variety of markets and applications spaces. And we've been moving some investment from some areas that have softer performance and a softer outlook into areas of the business that we're seeing some growth and opportunity. So, in an overly simplified manner, we're pulling back on some investment in the manufacturing sector, and we're redirecting investment into areas such as direct store delivery, retail and healthcare. And secondly, on the marketing side what we've done is we've consolidated some operations. And prior to the start of the year, we had investments, duplicative investments across the business, including both the SPS and the Enterprise Solutions business. We've consolidated some investments. We've reduced the number of PR firms as an example. And it's giving us a little bit more control over the spend. We're getting more productive use out of that spend.
Michael Smiley: And Reik, going back to your question on G&A, by the way, the first... our G&A tends to be a little lumpy in respect of the benefit. The first quarter tends to be a little bit higher. And that tends to level off. So, we would expect the second quarter for G&A to be a little bit down from we're in the first quarter.
Anders Gustafsson: And also, the Enterprise Solutions Group, we've talked earlier about our efforts to reduce the breakeven point. And you see some of that in here also at the reduction in sales and marketing and other areas is part contributed by the Enterprise Solutions Group.
Reik Read - Robert W. Baird: And I guess I've heard what you guys have said is that at least with respect to the SG&A, with respect to the sales and marketing area, a lot of those changes are permanent, the streamlining, ought to create that continued efficiency?
Michael Terzich: Yes. Most of it are structural changes. But obviously, some of the marketing spend we can pull up and down based on activity. And certainly, a piece of the stuff are commissions. So, as revenue goes up, the commissions will go up, those kinds of things.
Reik Read - Robert W. Baird: Right, okay. Okay, great. And then, just on the ESG side, Anders maybe you could spend a little bit of time just given automotive is the key market, and there's been all these changes within the greater automotive space. Can you talk a lot -- can you talk about their -- they may want this stuff, but their real ability to implement it, what's the status there?
Anders Gustafsson: Yeah I think that our customers continue to see good opportunities with the solutions from ESG. Our -- the vision we've laid out being able to help our customers to improve their business processes, by identifying, tracking and managing different types of assets is, I think, a very appropriate and good strategy and direction. They do seek good return on investments for the price that they put in. But, it's clear that in many segments the ROI expectations have been pulled in. So, if you were to go back to, say 18 months, I think most projects below 18 to 24 months would get funded. Today, I think very, very few projects get funded with a pay back of more than 12 months. And many of them are looking at it's more like nine months I think to get pay back. But, in for ESG, there are certainly some market segments that are more cash strapped all so predictably, in the automotive side. And then, the ROI is secondary consideration. They first look into just preserve cash.
Reik Read - Robert W. Baird: And so, is that situation with automotive -- is it the ROIs maybe reasonable in some cases. But, you're seeing business continue to get delayed, because they simply don't have the cash at this point?
Anders Gustafsson: Yeah I think that they -- one is that they are looking preserve cash. And two, they are also looking to reduce the number of plans (ph) they have. And they haven't necessarily all been able to determine which ones. So, they are waiting for some of the -- some more clarity I guess, is to what their overall strategy is going to be.
Reik Read - Robert W. Baird: So, are they...
Anders Gustafsson: But, we're working very hard to make sure that we diversify our business though. We've talked about how we are trying to make sure we expand more into the industrial manufacturing and government side. And we're building up our channel capabilities to help us penetrate those segments better. And I think we've good proof points that that's working. Although, we wish that we'd ran quicker.
Reik Read - Robert W. Baird: Okay. And then just also on the marine market. Can you just talk about one, the status of that market, and how it's performing? And then, two, there's always been this opportunity to sell hardware on top of the Navis platform, and how is that going?
Anders Gustafsson: First, I think our bookings activity into the maritime segment has been quite healthy. And our cross selling opportunities have been pretty good also. And we've been able to introduce more our prevail fleet management solution into number of ports. We've been able to sell our WhereNet solutions into number of ports again. But it's also fair to say that the ports are a cash flow business. They make a very substantial upfront investment. And then they use the cash flow to pay down that debt. And when they get into a situation like now, they do focus a lot on managing their cash, which makes it a little harder to get implementation to go as fast as we'd like.
Reik Read - Robert W. Baird: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Drab with William Blair. Please proceed with your question.
Brian Drab - William Blair & Company: Good morning.
Anders Gustafsson: Good morning.
Brian Drab - William Blair & Company: First question is regarding your use of the channel, given the current environment. Can you talk a little bit about your thoughts regarding using the channel more or less given the current situation?
Anders Gustafsson: I think we have two parts to that question. First, our Specialty Printing Group is a various channel centric organization. We do sell through two-tier distribution. And that's been among -- that's worked very well for us to create great reach at a relatively modest investments. And we are very much committed to that model. On the Zebra Enterprise Solutions side, we believe that we have opportunities there to make some products more channel ready, and then hooks on a limited number of channel partners, who have greater software and integration expertise, to provide an extension to our own sales force. And really penetrate particularly, industrial manufacturing and governments segments.
Brian Drab - William Blair & Company: Okay. And then, regarding your distributors, you mentioned you've seen inventory reductions in the first quarter. Of course, and do you expect to see that going forward, or do you think that's mainly behind us at this point?
Anders Gustafsson: We saw a sales out trend from our North American global distributors starting to decline in the late December of last year, and continued into this year. And our distributors are -- they didn't have excess inventory before. But, when sales out declines, they do reduce their inventory to just keep their -- the inventory turns stable. I think we've seen the vast majority of those corrections. We expect it to be some lighter say in Q2. But, it's pretty stable.
Brian Drab - William Blair & Company: Okay. Thank you.

===== 2008 Q4  (2009-02-17 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Douglas A. Fox, CFA - Director, Investor Relations and Treasurer Anders Gustafsson - Chief Executive Officer Michael C. Smiley - Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer Michael H. Terzich - Senior Vice President, Global Sales and Marketing, Specialty Printer Solutions
Analysts: Charles Murphy - Sidoti & Company, LLC Paul Coster - JPMorgan Securities, Inc. Brian Drab - William Blair & Company Reik Read - Robert W. Baird Chris Quilty - Raymond James & Associates Andrew Abrams - Avian Securities Ajit Pai - Thomas Weisel Partners, LLC Anthony Kure - KeyBanc Capital Markets Greg Halter - Great Lakes Review Timothy Robertson - Boyne Advisors
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Zebra Technologies 2008 Fourth Quarter Earnings Release Conference Call. Joining us from Zebra Technologies are Anders Gustafsson, Chief Executive Officer; Mike Smiley, Chief Financial Officer; Mike Terzich, Senior Vice President, Global Sales and Marketing, SPS; and Doug Fox, Vice President, Investor Relations. All lines will be in a listen-only mode until after today's presentation. Instructions will be given at that time in order to ask the question. At the request of Zebra Technologies, this conference call is being recorded. Should anyone have any objections, please disconnect at this time. At this time, I would like to introduce Mr. Doug Fox of Zebra Technologies. Sir, you may begin.
Douglas A. Fox, CFA: Thank you and good morning. Thank you for joining us today. Certain statements we make on this call will relate to future events or circumstances and therefore will be forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as expect, believe, and anticipate are a few examples of words identifying a forward-looking statement. Forward-looking information is subject to various risks and uncertainties, which could significantly affect expected results. Risk factors were noted in the news release issued this morning and are also described in Zebra's 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2007, which is on file with the SEC. Now, let me turn the call over to Anders Gustafsson for some opening remarks.
Anders Gustafsson: Thank you Doug, and good morning everyone. Thank you for joining us. Here in the room with me is Mike Smiley, our CFO; and Mike Terzich, our SVP of Global Sales and Marketing for our Specialty Printing Group. Today, Zebra reported strong fourth quarter results. Our sales were $233 million, well within our forecasted range demonstrating solid performance in today's challenging business environment. Zebra also reduced operating cost and improved control over working capital. Our financial strength and flexibility continue to play a significant role in our ability to react decisively to changes in the business environment. This further solidifies our position as an industry leader. As of December 31st, we had $225 million in cash and investments with no debt, and we generated $99 million in free cash flow for the year. Difficult economic conditions impacted most companies in the quarter, Zebra included. As you saw in our press release, we took $157 million in total impairment charges during the quarter. The majority of these charges are related to weakness in the markets served by WhereNet, which has been particularly hard hit over the last six months. Charges also include right balance in the value of prepaid RFID licenses and other intellectual property. Our operating results were relatively strong due in large part to increased business diversity. Some of our targeted verticals including healthcare and government performed well while others such as manufacturing experienced a global slowdown. In response to changing business conditions, we adapted our sales and marketing strategies to ensure we remain successful at further penetrating effective segments and gaining market share. We continued to leverage our strong cash flow by making prudent investments in our business and returning excess cash to shareholders through our share repurchase program. During the quarter, we repurchased 2.6 million shares. For the year, we deployed $158 million in stock buybacks to reduce the number of shares outstanding by $6 million or about 8%. During 2008, we continued to strike the appropriate balance between preserving near term profitability and positioning feedback for long term growth and continued market leadership. On the cost side, during the second half of 2008, we took several actions to lower annual operating expenses by approximately $20 million on a run rate basis. During this time, we reduced headcount by over 120. Additionally, we reduced discretionary spend in areas that just travel and entertainment and marketing activities. We will continue to focus on executing our manufacturing outsourcing program, which will reduce our manufacturing costs by 25 to $30 million in 2010 compared to our cost structure associated with in-house manufacturing. We will also complete our multi-year investment in a new ERP system, which remains on budget and on track. This will help us improve our customer service levels, and improve organizational efficiencies. We have taken steps in 2009 to further reduce operating expense by $25 million from current levels, including an $8 million reduction in amortization expense. This reduction will be partially offset by $10 million in higher IT costs associated with the ERP implementation and approved bonus accrual, netting to a $15 million reduction in annual operating expense in 2009. These actions demonstrate our commitment to reduce costs and realize increased efficiencies across our business, which is important in this environment. We will continue, however, to invest in opportunities to improve our competitive positioning. We have identified and are focused on activities that would deliver the highest risk adjusted returns. These include, first: continuing to develop important new products that help customers to reduce their operating costs by improving supply chain visibility, customer service, and security. Second: enhancing our channel partner programs. We are proud that Zebra was recently named one of the best channel vendors in a survey of 1,600 bars in Business Solutions magazine. Third: targeting customers in healthcare and government in our Specialty Printing Group. Fourth: deepening our strongest customer relationships in our Enterprise Solutions Group by cross-selling and targeting adjacent industries, where our solutions make good business sense. And finally, buying back our own shares, because at this time, we clearly view share repurchases as the best risk adjusted investment alternative. I'd now like to review some fourth quarter highlights. Our Zebra Specialty Printing Group or SPG performed well during Q4. Our results benefited from increased business diversity across partners, customers, geographies, and solutions. Highlights include our North America region had its best performance of the year in Q4. We increased our volume of large deals to key accounts and small package delivery, government, and retail; and our installed base generated strong sales of aftermarket parts, supplies and follow-on business. Mobile, desktop, and kiosk printers performed well in the fourth quarter as customers continued to implement solutions to improve employee and operational efficiency. During the quarter, we extended product leadership with the introduction of our P4P printer, the world's first RFID enabled mobile terminal transfer printer. We also expanded our mobile printer product line with the introduction of the EM 220 for easy economical receipt printing as well as a new kiosk print station for easy integration of Zebra printers into self service locations. We were also pleased with the performance of our card products. The consolidation of our card and barcode businesses in 2008 has delivered stronger channel relationships. Our Zebra Partners first program now includes close to 100 new CTS channel partners worldwide. Our stronger product line and our global channel makes us optimistic about future growth record. The depth and breadth of our SPG product line also helped us penetrate vertical markets more closely, more deeply. For the year, healthcare was up 21% in North America. Our HC100 Direct Thermal Wristband printer continued to gain traction in this attractive space. During the quarter, we helped hospitals increase patient safety with the introduction of a new, more comfortable wristband as well as internationally compliant labels for blood banks. We further benefited from a diverse retail customer base this quarter. We saw our larger customers increase invest to improve in store productivity and reduce costs. Let me now provide an update on Zebra Enterprise Solutions Group or ESG. ESG's financial performance for 2008 has not met our expectations, and we've realized it as whole and short term euros as well. We also recognized that the impairment charge we took this quarter reinforces the urgency we must bring to generate the appropriate level of return from this business. That said, ESG did end the fourth quarter with the highest level of total bookings for the year and a solid backlog. We made good progress this quarter and strongly believe that our integration efforts and our plans position us well to unlock the full value of this segment. We are pleased to start the year with the new General Manager for ESG. Bill Walsh comes to Zebra with more 20 years of leadership experience in high growth enterprise solutions companies. He brings extensive integration experience and the right combination of skills and business development, technology in international markets to maximize the success of this business. We continue to give the value proposition of ESG and at synergies with our core SPG business as compelling. ESG makes Zebra the more important strategic business partner through industry leading asset tracking and management technologies, high value software products, and the comprehensive solution sets. ESG is well aligned with Zebra's core brand attributes, and provides deep expertise into attractive industries. In addition it gives us access to high level decision makers in the world's largest enterprises. Recent successes during the quarter provide evidence of our progress in realizing these important synergies. These include in Q4 working with the long standing SPG partner, we sold our WhereNet Material Flow and Replenishment solutions to a major truck manufacture. We also sold WhereNet and proveo solutions into an important existing Navis customer. We sold the Navis system into a non-marine worldwide distributor, which is using the software at yard and distribution center management at six regional hubs in North America. And we won several aviations deals in Middle East effectively doubling our global install base in aviation. In addition, as we communicated last year, we have been executing on a comprehensive three phase strategy to fully integrate ESG. During the fourth quarter, we achieved the following milestones. We completed the heavy lifting stage of our strategy simplifying and streamlining our infrastructure and back office support functions. We completed the year with full stocks compliance including ESG. Second, we aligned our sales teams along vertical markets to sell the entire suite of ESG solutions and last, but not least, we lowered ESG's cost structure by $10 million per quarter. As a result, ESG should be able to breakeven on earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization and other non-recurring items at approximately $23 million in quarterly sales. This is an important first step towards making ESG a meaningful contributor to our profitability. With the appropriate foundation in placed, we are now focused on integrating ESG's product portfolio and leveraging these products to create broader solutions in the industries we serve. In addition, we are accelerating the development of partner programs and creating tighter alignment with our SPG segments. The ESG team has committed to leveraging our assets to drive higher sales and market leadership. Let me share with you several important milestones we expect to achieve in 2009. First, signing out 20 new channel partners in 2009, of which 25% will be combined SPG partners. Second, deploying 25 systems, where we cross sell multi platforms such as proveo into maritime and Navis into AIMT. And third, installing at least 50 solutions with customers around the world. This includes upgrades as it indicates the significant investment for our customers June, the top year. Giving these goals and the actions taken to reduce ESG's breakeven we have laid the ground work for ESG to be roughly EBITDA breakeven for 2009 given current market conditions. I am confident that Bill and his team will leverage ESG's unique position of strength as the only consolidated and well capitalized company in this space. This unique position gives our customers confidence that they have a partner capable of serving their needs well into the future. In summary, Zebra remains well positioned to extend its industry leadership. The breadth of our solutions improve our customers, business performance by enabling them to deploy their assets smarter. Our clear brand leadership, diverse revenue base, and comprehensive go-to-market channels enables us to extend industry leadership and build stronger customer relationships. Our financials strength and global presence give customers and partners the confidence that Zebra will be there to meet their needs well into the future. And our knowledgeable and dedicated employees give me the confidence that Zebra will continue to succeed. As we leverage our leadership position in compelling value proposition to customers, we remain committed to enhancing the value of our shareholders investments in Zebra. We continue to strike the appropriate balance between preserving near-term profitability and positioning Zebra for long-term growth and continued industry leadership. By adapting to changing business conditions, Zebra will maximize return for investors. I'd now like to turn the call over to our CFO, Mike Smiley, to provide a detailed review of fourth quarter results and guidance for the first quarter of 2009. After Mike's remarks, I'll return for some closing comments on our outlook.
Michael C. Smiley: Thank you, Anders. Before I go through the numbers, let me highlight the key financial drivers for the quarter. We maintained strong cash flow in operating earnings. Sales performance came from strength in key account sales to large customers in North America and from our acquired businesses in ESG. Gross margin was predominantly affected by changes in foreign exchange rates and product mix. Additional SG&A expenditures from the ESG acquisitions were offset by cost reductions in the second half of 2008, and we recorded $157 million in non-cash impairment charge. Let's turn to sales first. For the quarter, sales were comfortable with the year ago declining only 0.4%. On an organic basis, sales were down 2.8% with sale from our Specialty Printer Group down a modest 3.1%. Our Enterprise Solutions Group contributed 5.7 million to fourth quarter sales driven by recent acquisitions. For the quarter, ESG provided 1.2 million in services related to loss purchase accounting revenue. On the accounting rules, we are delivering the services for which we are obligated from the Navis acquisition, we do not book revenue against them. We have about 2.6 million left to deliver. Let's take a look at sales by product line. Hardware sales declined 7.8% to 163.5 million from last year, and represents 70.3% of total sales. We experienced continued strength in mobile printers for ongoing deployments by large retail customers brings to our solutions. Desktop printers sales also held up relatively well with shipments to small package delivery customers. We have weakness in our high end and mid range lines, which put some downward pressure on gross margins, reflecting the weakness in global manufacturing. We expect this trend to continue to Q1. The percentage of per year sales for new printers was held up well at 19%. We shipped a record 249,900 printers in the fourth quarter. Average unit price of $538 was down from $600 a year ago because of foreign exchange and product mix. Supply sales of 40.9 million, were up almost 1.7% and comprise 17.6% of total sales. Service and software revenue increased 85.3% to offset the declines in hardware and supply sales. These higher margin pieces of our business accounted for 11.2% of total sales. In North America, sales grew 3.6% to $112 million. Diversity of our business across verticals and customers clearly benefited us during the quarter. North America SPG has strongest quarter of the year with key accounts, which offset lower demand in the channel. In addition to shipments to retail in small package delivery, we also experienced strong sales into healthcare, government, and mobile workforce. Going forward, we see further opportunities in these sectors. The strengthened diversity of Zebra's product line is enabling us to win more business especially in this difficult operating environment. International sales were up 3.9% for the quarter. Sales to customers in Latin America were up 15.7% and Asia Pacific was up 26.3% accounted by a 12.3% decline in the EMEA sales. Excluding the effect of foreign exchange and sales by the Enterprise Solutions Group, EMEA sales declined about 11%. The harder hit sub-region continued to be the U.K. Still, within this environment, Zebra continued to win important new businesses and targeted verticals. During the quarter, we closed three deals in coastal plus others in healthcare and retail. Consolidated gross profit was 47.7% compared with 48.5% a year ago. Specialty Printing Group gross margin declined to 46.2 from 48.5 on significant strengthening of the dollar against the euro. On a year-over-year basis, the dollar decreased 9.1% in value versus the euro, which resulted in a $6.4 million negative impact on our gross profit. The shift in product mix particularly with lower sales of tabletop printers also impacted our profitability. The change is partially offset by growth in higher margin aftermarket sales. Gross margin for Enterprise Solution Group was 61.5% was up from 48.7% a year ago. During the quarter, we benefited from true profitability for services. In addition, our reversal of the contract losses are partially offset by an inventory adjustment at a $1.8 million favorable impact and gross margin for the quarter. Looking to the first quarter of 2009 and beyond, we expect the normalized gross margin for the ESG business in the range of 58% to 62%. Let's now turn to operating expenses; fourth quarter SG&A was down 5 million from the prior year. This change includes an additional 4 million for ESG's acquisition, late in 2007 offset by cost reductions of 9 million, primarily in the second half of the year in 2008. R&D increased 5 million from the prior year. R&D increased 5 million from the prior year. This increase primarily came from R&D associated with the ESG acquisition. Amortization also increased 1.4 million, again due to ESG. As Anders mentioned, the annual operating expense came down roughly 20 million on a run rate basis in the second half of 2008. Most of these reductions came in the form of wages, G&A, marketing and professional fees. In total, headcount was reduced by 120 in the second half of 2008 or in the third quarter and 80 rate in the fourth quarter. The third quarter reductions were primarily associated with services and impact cost of goods sold. The fourth quarter includes $158 million in non-cash asset impairment charge, which resulted from the testing we did respond to current business conditions. A significant majority of the charges relates to ESG's legacy WhereNet business, which is affected meaningfully by declines in the automotive sector. Simply put, the value of the intangible assets on our books didn't match the current or expected business in this area. The charges relative to write downs, the patents, and other intellectual property including prepaid RFID licenses associated with the SPG business. The impairment charge will result in a reduction and amortization of approximately $8 million in 2009. For the quarter the investment portfolio had an annualized return of 3.8%. On an absolute basis, investment income was down because of our deployment of cash to buyback stock. The net loss per share came in at $1.88 or on 62.6 million average shares. The impairment charges had a $2.20 per share impact. Asset class integration expenses reduced EPS by $0.08 per share. We ended the quarter and the year with 60.9 million shares outstanding and 8% for the number of shares that were outstanding at the end of 2007. We did a good job managing working capital during the quarter. Net receivables from $19.3 million to $152.7 million, the lowest level of the year. Days outstanding were a comfortable 60 days. Inventories moved down by $6 million and we ended the quarter with 225 million cash in investments. During the quarter, we made significant progress on the 5 million share buyback authorization. For the period, we bought back 2.6 million shares at an average price of just over $19 per share. As Anders mentioned, we used $157 million to repurchase 6 million shares in 2008. We also announced today that the Board authorized the purchase of another 3 million shares of common stock. Before I talk about our expectations for Q1, I want to spend a few minute discussing our capital allocation policy and strategy going forward. In the near term, our highest priority is to maintain sufficient liquidity and balance sheet strength to make sure we can support our business objectives under any economic scenario. In doing so, we maintain a longer term view of our businesses as we continue to pursue activities to extend industry leadership and build shareholder value. That said, because of the current consistency of our cash flow and low capital requirements, we can also continue to buyback our stock at attractive prices. Today, share repurchases standards are highest return investment alternative on a risk adjusted basis. In addition, given the current market environment, we will not make more acquisitions for the ESG business before we have demonstrated the ability to generate adequate returns with the assets we have in place today. Over the long-term, we intend to move to a balanced capital allocation model. Based on our analysis, the future resource requirements and investment alternatives, we will use approximately 25% of our cash to cash flow to fund working capital and capital expenditure needs. We expect this remaining 75% cash flow equally between returning cash to shareholders through share repurchases and other investments that provides the highest risk adjusted return. This capital allocation matches closely with we how we've invested cash over the last five years. With no respect to follow this allocation policy precisely every year as our decision, we did pay them our current business conditions in available investment alternatives. However, we believe our policy serves as long-term aspiration of frame work for how we intend on deploying our capital. For the first quarter, we expect to continue buyback shares similar to our activities in 2008. We'll be more aggressive at lower valuations. Now let's look at our first quarter forecast. For 2009, we are taking cost actions such as salary freezes and decreasing our 401K plan match, which will meaningfully affect our 2009 earnings. For the first quarter, we are forecasting sales of 195 to $210 million. In this environment, we are taking appropriately conservative approach with our guidance based on trends we see with channel partners, key accounts, and enterprise customers. This forecast consist of expectation for Zebra Specialty Printing Group sales in the range of 175 million to 188 million and the Enterprise Solution Group sales between 20 million and $22 million. The forecast incorporates an average U.S. dollar, euro exchange rate of 1.3 compared with 1.51 a year ago, which has a negative impact on operating income of $8 million or $0.08 per share. Hedging activity will have an immaterial impact on first quarter results. GAAP earnings are expected in the range of $0.11 to $0.20 per share. Our forecast assumes gross profit margin in the range of 44.5% to 46% based on the impact of foreign exchange, product mix and lower volumes. GAAP operating expenses are forecasted at 76 to $79 million and reflects the $2 million of lower amortization expense, our estimating extra costs and integration expenses to total $3 million and the income tax rate will be approximately 34.5%. That concludes my formal remarks. Thank you for your attention and now here's Anders for some concluding comments.
Anders Gustafsson: Thank you, Mike. While the uncertainty in the global economy presents a challenging outlook for 2009, we have addressed areas within our control to preserve profitability and extend our industry leadership over the long-term. In 2008, we took a number key actions to prepare Zebra with a current business downturn. These include, first: taking costs out of the organization and prioritizing those projects with the most immediate and highest returns in investments. Second: streamlining marketing functions to drive efficiency and a stronger global brand. Third: canceling products that didn't meet our profitability targets. Fourth: reducing SKUs to improve efficiency and profitability. And fifth: funding our outsourcing and ERP initiatives to the lower costs enhanced business execution and improve customer service. During the challenging economic times all companies continue to look for ways improve their business processes. And Zebra's product solutions help them do that. The diversity of our business across partners, customers, products, and geographies positions Zebra to pursue a broad range of prospects. Programs are underway to direct resources to the most promising opportunities. Card, mobile, and kiosk printers and healthcare, government, and retail verticals standout as among the most attractive. Our investments in new products continue to extend the range of customer needs we can satisfy. New software tools also enhance the value propositions of Zebra products by making them easier to integrate use and manage. As Mike discussed, we are increasingly focused on detouring our resources in those areas that have the highest risk adjusted returns. Our first priority is to maintain cash reserves, to remain nimble in today's challenging operating environment. Given our financial strength, in the near term, we will continue buying back our shares at attractive prices. In fact, the Board gave authorization to buy up to an additional three million shares of Zebra stock. To reinforce this further, we are introducing ROIC as a component in our 2009 executive incentive plan. We have made significant progress in sizing ESG that are currently available and perceivable opportunities. We entered 2009 with a much lower cost structure and breakeven point. We have continued confidence in the long-term outlook for this business. Our balanced approach to managing our business was not only to ensure, we navigate the correct environment. But we'll also position Zebra for enhanced earnings leverage when market conditions improve. Zebra is well positioned in the current environment. Our financial strength and flexibility, industry leadership and focus on the customer. All represent elements that will help drive success in the creation of shareholder value. Thank you for listening. We will now be happy to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions). Our first question is coming from the line of Chuck Murphy of Sidoti & Company. Please go ahead for your question sir.
Charles Murphy - Sidoti & Company, LLC: Good morning, guys.
Michael Smiley: Good morning.
Anders Gustafsson: Good morning.
Charles Murphy - Sidoti & Company, LLC: Just wanted to touch on what you were saying at the end there. Mike, you said OpEx should be 76 to 79 million?
Michael Smiley: Yes.
Charles Murphy - Sidoti & Company, LLC: And can you just give us a breakout for your sales guidance for the first quarter between SPG and ESG?
Michael Smiley: Sure. We have... for SPG, we said 175 to basically $188 million and ESG is probably between 20 and $22 million.
Charles Murphy - Sidoti & Company, LLC: Okay, great. Thank you.
Michael Smiley: Yup.
Anders Gustafsson: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is coming from line of Paul Coster of JPMorgan. Please go ahead with your question.
Paul Coster - JPMorgan Securities, Inc.: Thank you. Good morning. You said that the booking were strong in the Enterprise Solutions Group. Can you give us some kind of breakdown of the backlog whether it by geography or by industry vertical?
Anders Gustafsson: We had a good bookings performance in Q4. We had orders from a number of new customers ranging from people in China, Manila, Pakistan, Middle East, particularly for the aviation business, and Africa along with U.S. and Europe. Our backlog at this stage is commensurate with what we saw going into 2008 from a planned perspective.
Paul Coster - JPMorgan Securities, Inc.: And, so just on that the industry verticals?
Anders Gustafsson: I'm sorry. One more time?
Paul Coster - JPMorgan Securities, Inc.: What industry verticals are for yielding that strong backlog for you in the ESG?
Anders Gustafsson: So, aviation is one that has done very well in Q4 for us as a specific growth market. Maritime is still our largest significant market, and also had good bookings in the fourth quarter.
Paul Coster - JPMorgan Securities, Inc.: Okay. And my last question is: as the year progresses and you get closer to the outsourcing, how should we think about inventory and gross margins as you go through the transition at year-end?
Anders Gustafsson: We've done a lot of transition so far, but we still have very significant amount to do in 2009. And so what happens is you'll end up with two lines; one in the U.S and then one at Jabil running at the same time, and then you shutdown the U.S. line. So, there will a build up of inventory under raw material side as we transition the inventory from the U.S over to China. So, I'd expect to build an inventory in 2009 for a bit. And as far as gross margins go, we would expect that you'll see the improvement more meaningful in the fourth quarter than from the first quarter. And as I mentioned, just I'd like to highlight one of the big points in our margin that's affecting us is the fact that we have a meaningful shift in product mix from the high-end products to more lower-end products. And then again, because our volume is lower than we in prior years, prior quarters, that volumes also affects our margin in the first quarter.
Paul Coster - JPMorgan Securities, Inc.: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Brian Drab with William Blair. Please go ahead with your question.
Brian Drab - William Blair & Company: Good morning.
Michael Smiley: Good morning.
Anders Gustafsson: Good morning.
Brian Drab - William Blair & Company: First question on ESG, would you be willing to breakup the portion of the impairment charge that was attributable to the ESG, so we can get idea of what actual operating... run rate operating expenses were in the quarter there?
Anders Gustafsson: Yes. Roughly of the $157 million, roughly $15 million is related to SPG and the rest is related to ESG.
Brian Drab - William Blair & Company: Okay, great. And just one other question. You said if I heard correctly that currently hedging in the first quarter will have an immaterial effect. And that's correct, right?
Anders Gustafsson: The hedges that we have are basically close to the spot rate and we're assuming...
Brian Drab - William Blair & Company: Yeah, okay. And then looking forward to the rest of 2009 given where your hedges are at and the current exchange rate that you expect that you'd have an immaterial effect for the balance of the year. How should we forecast that?
Anders Gustafsson: We are not really giving guidance beyond this quarter.
Brian Drab - William Blair & Company: Yeah. Okay, all right. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Reik Read of Robert Baird. Please go ahead with your question.
Reik Read - Robert W. Baird: Hey, good morning. I was wondering if you guys could just give us a comment on the direct business, which seem to hold up pretty well for you guys, and you mentioned a number of markets retail transportation logistics. There are our fairly weak end markets right now. Is that something that as you consider your guidance and you're looking at the year that you that think that that will still hold up reasonably well or will we see that add back a little bit.
Michael Terzich: Reik. This is Mike Terzich. I'll take that question. You're absolutely correct. In the fourth quarter, the direct business performed very well, and that's essentially a North America concentrated business. And it was in the retail and transportation space. What we are seeing is in the retail space with discount retail there has been some rollouts of some store refresh programs that we took advantage of in the fourth quarter. And the transportation sector was along similar lines, some product refresh. As far as the course of the balance of '09 and how that's going to play out, the broader retail business as know has been under some pressure. And but they are working off a very thin margins. And so we expect that some other productivity initiatives that they are still looking to advance are still going to play out. But net-net retail we are expecting as a whole retail will be soft as part of our '09 plan.
Reik Read - Robert W. Baird: Okay, great. And then just Mike, going back to the Jabil side of things; with the duplicate lines, when does that, I guess the question is when does that kind of seize? And as you get to the end of the year, can you give us a sense of how much of that overall program has been completed in rough percentage terms?
Michael Smiley: Yes. We expect that, as we said, we are really pleased build to... that at the end of 2009, we'll have the sub-transition; we are on track with that. And so at this point, we're not giving any more guidance in that, but we are on track with what we said by end of 2009 those lines will be transferred over.
Reik Read - Robert W. Baird: And so really what you'd expect at the end of year that that duplicate line would shutdown?
Michael Smiley: Absolute, yes. So by the end of the year we'll be all on, one line out in China.
Reik Read - Robert W. Baird: Okay. And I mean, but is that going to be kind of... to your comment that the fourth quarter ought to be better. Is that reflective of a number of lines, slowly shutting down in a staggered format or how does that...
Michael Smiley: Fortunately, we're not just like moving all at one time. There will be a transition. I will tell you a lot of it sort of in the second, third quarter type timeframe. So you'll see the fourth quarter, if you would ask me just generally the fourth quarter margin will reflect more of the benefit of outsourcing than the third quarter.
Reik Read - Robert W. Baird: Okay, great. Thank you.
Michael Smiley: Yeah.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Chris Quilty of Raymond James. Please go ahead with your questions.
Chris Quilty - Raymond James & Associates: Do I have you?
Michael Smiley: Yep, okay. Good.
Chris Quilty - Raymond James & Associates: Just checking the line there. Just a follow-up, I think, Mike, you mentioned the $50 million of the goodwill and tangible write-down was attributed to SPG, which acquisition was that? Was that the Swecoin or going way back to the Atlantic?
Michael Smiley: That was primarily to passive by the licenses, we had prepaid.
Chris Quilty - Raymond James & Associates: Okay. So nothing acquisition...
Chris Quilty - Raymond James & Associates: No acquisition.
Anders Gustafsson: No, no.
Chris Quilty - Raymond James & Associates: Okay. And the ESG; did I catch the number that were $5.7 million of acquisitions, acquisition related revenue in the quarter?
Unidentified Analyst: That's additional, that's incremental. And when we look at the year-over-year change in revenue, part of that increase, $5.7 is due to the ESG from year-over-year.
Chris Quilty - Raymond James & Associates: Got you.
Unidentified Analyst: Revenue was 22.1.
Chris Quilty - Raymond James & Associates: Right. But Navis was picked up very late in the quarter, and that's a business that had been running around $15 million a quarter 14, 15 million, and you picked up sensibly another million or two from Multispectral. So fair to assume you are seeing order of magnitude 50, 60% down even in the Navis business?
Michael Smiley: No Navis came in at 14th of December, I guess; it was 2007. The Navis business has held up very well so far. The weakness we've seen has been really focused on the automotive and to some degree, the industrial manufacturing market.
Chris Quilty - Raymond James & Associates: Okay. And shift over the Jabil and the outsourcing, do you have an update? I mean I think your fourth quarter charges for restructuring were much bigger than you had projected. You had originally talked about 24 to $26 million for the entire implementation of this strategy should we expect that number is now going to move up?
Michael Smiley: When we talked about the asset costs, we had not envisioned as Anders said, we've done some second half cost reductions, which is more to the restructuring, which was not really part of what we call the manufacturing switch over. So, those layoffs are primarily difference between the number that we've quoted in the past in our actual results. We had... like severance and stuff that we had to pay to effect some of those cost reductions.
Chris Quilty - Raymond James & Associates: Okay. But other than that the cost or your own plan for what you had expected for the exit costs?
Michael Smiley: Yeah, we are.
Chris Quilty - Raymond James & Associates: Okay. Those were three follow-up that I'll campaign as my one question.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Andrew Abrams of Avian Securities. Please go ahead with your question.
Andrew Abrams - Avian Securities: I wonder if you could talk about the channel a little bit. Did you increase penetration or decrease penetration into the channel during the last quarter or so. And the results that came out of that channel I'm assuming were a little weaker than they were in the previous quarter given the strength in your direct business in North America. Maybe you could characterize that for us.
Anders Gustafsson: Yeah. I think we had very strong broad based performance in the first 11 weeks really over 10, 11 weeks of December. And I think we continue to make good strides with our channels. I believe we are continuing to extend our leaderships in that area. We saw some full opportunity... as I said at the end of the quarter, the more sales out from some of the largest distributors. But that we don't see as an ongoing thing that was where the correction put from their sales out prospective in the short-term. And Mike you can maybe add some more color.
Michael Smiley: Okay. Andrew your question is a bit complicated in the broadest sense we saw further penetration in growth through the channel, this is across all geographies. Now within North America to Andrew's point the strength that we saw in the fourth quarter was our direct sales versus our true channel business. But in the international markets, we continue to advance our growth. It's all principally through our channel business. So growth in the international markets comes through channel. And I think we mentioned in the prepared comments, we essentially doubled the number of channel partners we have in our card business. So, all indications are that our channel business is continuing to progress and we are continuing to take share.
Andrew Abrams - Avian Securities: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question in from the line Ajit Pai of Thomas Weisel Partners. Please go ahead with your question.
Ajit Pai - Thomas Weisel Partners, LLC: Good morning.
Anders Gustafsson: Good morning Ajit.
Ajit Pai - Thomas Weisel Partners, LLC: Couple of quick question I think the first one is just looking at the gross margins that you saw in your Enterprise Group, the ESG Group. It was at a record level. And I think you did attributed to like mix of business and service margins, but would love to understand what the backlog for that business looks like in terms of mix? And on the same question, I think, you've talked about a record backlog in that business, but you also talk about the fact that business is going to be on a year-over-year basis down for the first time going into the first quarter. So, could you give us some color as to what the tenure of that backlog is? About, when you expect that backlog to shift to actually shift and we recognize as revenue?
Michael Smiley: Okay. As you just talking about the ESG gross margin, I just want to make sure you highlight the fact that I said that, in the quarter, we benefited from roughly $1.8 million of contract, a loss provision adjustment offset by some inventory. So, in Q4, I would say 61.5 benefited from some one time items. Needless to say though, we've had some significant improvement in our services margin business that's helped us dramatically. And we've been able to do that again through the cost reductions we did in the second half, and some of the head count that services business services business.
Anders Gustafsson: And what we said was that our bookings in Q4 was at the highest level for all of 2008. And that our backlog going into 2009 was commensurate with the backlog we had going into 2008, so going to 2009 was commensurate with the backlog we had going into 2008 from a planned perspective. We are not quite prepared to break that into the different components of it. But, when we get the contract, usually it takes us between six and 12 months to realize the revenue for that depending what with segments. So, if it's on in marine, it's more like a year. If it's more in the say, automotive and industrial manufacturing side, that tends to be more like a six month contract, six month to realize the revenue.
Ajit Pai - Thomas Weisel Partners, LLC: Got it. And then the second question or the follow-up question would be, just looking at the number of store closers that you have seen right now in the U.S. and potentially also in Europe at some point into immediate future, are you seeing any kind of sort competition from the secondary market, any equipment, Zebra equipment, subsiding the secondary market as folks shut down stores or is that not the case?
Michael Terzich: Ajit, this is Mike. No, we are not seeing that, and principally a lot of the store applications are mobility based products and solutions. And those products tend to get pretty beat up in the marketplace. And usually when a door shuts sound, those products to get retired with it.
Ajit Pai - Thomas Weisel Partners, LLC: Got it. Thank you.
Anders Gustafsson: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Anthony Kure with KeyBanc. Please go ahead with your question.
Anthony Kure - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Good morning. Just a couple of questions in relation to the international markets. I think on the third quarter you said China, during the third quarter was the third biggest country revenue wise. Just wondering what you are seeing out of China, what you saw in the China in the fourth quarter.
Anders Gustafsson: Our China business in the fourth quarter was still very good, was clearly the leading region, sub-region in Asia from a growth perspective. We did see a slowdown towards the end of the quarter, consistent with some other things we've seen, principally because they are serving a big portion of the western demand for export and western demand in the United States and Europe is slowdown.
Anthony Kure - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay. And then as far as the fourth quarter, the 7.8 or so total costs, how much of that was, if you could breakdown, related simply to the outsourcing?
Michael Smiley: I'm sorry, 7.8 million of COGS?
Anthony Kure - KeyBanc Capital Markets: No, the 7.8 million called out, which was the asset restructuring integration expenses?
Michael Smiley: And how much of that was what?
Anthony Kure - KeyBanc Capital Markets: How much of that was the actual outsourcing program?
Michael Smiley: Yeah, I've got there, hold on a second. Of that amount, 7.8 roughly, 3.4 million was asset associated with the outsourcing.
Anthony Kure - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay, great. Thank you.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Greg Halter [Great Lakes Review]. Please go ahead for are question sir.
Greg Halter - Great Lakes Review: Yes, good morning. I have a question for you about the cash and investments of where that is invested currently in terms of investments, and then where in terms of geography?
Anders Gustafsson: They are all in the U.S. And it's primarily... it's almost entirely government-backed, municipal-backed type securities, highly rated. So, we're feeling really good about the availability of those funds and what they're invested in.
Greg Halter - Great Lakes Review: Okay. And you provided I think a 3.8% annualized rate of return on the investments?
Michael Smiley: Yes, for Q4.
Greg Halter - Great Lakes Review: For Q4, all right. If I do the math on the 1.3 million that you realized and divided it in the 3.8, I get $136 million of investments. And obviously, you have more than that. I just wonder if you could maybe walk me through the apparent discrepancy there.
Michael Smiley: Yeah. Well, I think the part that that you've got in the math, you've got to look at... a lot of them are annuities, so the tax... look at the tax impact we've turned started back into that.
Greg Halter - Great Lakes Review: Okay. And one other quick one, if could: can you comment on your receivables quality currently?
Anders Gustafsson: Certainly, I think at the end of the quarter, I was very pleased with where we came in with the receivables. We saw some meaningful collections from the ESG side of the business were at 60 days; and basically the SPG business held flat with their DSOs, and ESG improved. ESG was continuing to focus on. But that was where we saw the meaningful improvement in the fourth quarter. I got to tell you though, we are going into a difficult market. So Mike and I'd spend a lot of quality time together making sure we're making the right decisions on customers and credit. So that's where we're.
Greg Halter - Great Lakes Review: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is a follow-up from the line of Paul Coster with JPMorgan. Please go ahead with your question.
Paul Coster - JPMorgan Securities, Inc.: Yeah. I've just got one follow-up on the gross margin and the transition to outsourced operations. And clearly, you said something really clever here. Because surely as you wind down your operation in North America, isn't your absorption rate going to decline? Or am I simply misunderstanding the way in which you are going to do this transition. Obviously, I am worried that the domestic product gross margin, sort of it's weighed down by lower absorption rates for the final period?
Anders Gustafsson: Could you help me re-say what you are looking for, so I can answer your question as well?
Paul Coster - JPMorgan Securities, Inc.: So you are going wind down operations, internal operations and then you are going to move to the outsourced operations over the course of this year. As you wind down your operations, in-house operations then your absorption rate on your firm and your production lines will pull.
Anders Gustafsson: Yes.
Paul Coster - JPMorgan Securities, Inc.: So gross margins will be weighing down. But you are saying that that won't happen. So why is that you are able to avoid that transition risk?
Anders Gustafsson: Well, the point is that one of the challenges with the transition is as you move these lines over, the objective is then to reduce the cost associated with those lines to be in transition. So that you end up with not carrying too much capacity. So that's one of the challenges that the SPG group is to time the transition from one group to the other and so you're right. In the middle of the transition, you are not running optimally. But we expect at the end of fourth quarter that we'll be close to that. And our gross margins that we're talking about is not so much the capacity of the volume in the two lines. It's just that when you look at Q4 to Q1, there is a meaningful decline in revenue. We look at that revenue decline that is having some impact on our margins.
Paul Coster - JPMorgan Securities, Inc.: Okay. Got it. Thank you.
Anders Gustafsson: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Reik Read of Robert Baird. Please go ahead with your question.
Reik Read - Robert W. Baird: I just want to follow-up again on retail and transportation logistics. You guys had been doing quite a bit of diversification within the retail market. Is that something that even though with the weak environment do you think that that will help you out on a relative basis more than transportation logistics?
Michael Smiley: Reik, this is Mike. Yes, the retail space, I mean the diversification of our business has been on two fronts. One, globally retail has become more important in the international markets, in it's contribution at the whole and that has certainly worked well for us. We saw a good retail success in the fourth quarter. We expect that to continue and then second, we've diversified from the big back discount retail into specialty retail. I think the challenge in the marketplace right now is specialty retail. This is usually the higher margin, higher goods retailers are struggling. But we've been offsetting that with good growth in the discount retail, including by our definition retailers into grocery and some of these other sub-verticals, which we've seen some success in.
Anders Gustafsson: If you remember back, our Q2 call of 2008, we actually said that we benefited that point from small customers and also international. And in Q4 it was more North America and larger customers. So I think the diversification is working for us very well.
Reik Read - Robert W. Baird: Okay. And just one follow-up on the ESG, Mike, I think as part of your comment that you said you've got, roughly 2.5 million of burn through remaining of the purchase accounting. When do you expect that to be finally completed?
Michael Smiley: We are not very good at guessing that. I think we've been running at probably 1 million or 2 a quarter, so you can just extrapolate we're not really, I'm not really certain.
Reik Read - Robert W. Baird: Okay. Fair now enough. Thank you.
Anders Gustafsson: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Timothy Robertson of Boyne Advisors. Please go ahead with your question sir.
Timothy Robertson - Boyne Advisors: Good morning guys. Thanks for taking my call.
Anders Gustafsson: Sure.
Timothy Robertson - Boyne Advisors: Just back to the receivables question, what was the collection dates for the EGS segment this quarter?
Anders Gustafsson: The collection date to the EGS's segment was improved from basically at the beginning of the... end of last year was north of 180 days, now stand at 125 days.
Timothy Robertson - Boyne Advisors: Okay. Great. And could you give me a breakdown of the inventory balance between raw materials with finished goods and deferred contract costs?
Michael Smiley: Yeah. Roughly half of it is raw materials the other half is finished goods and there is a little bit of work in process in deferred costs long-term contracts.
Timothy Robertson - Boyne Advisors: Okay. And what was the plus reserve at year end?
Michael Smiley: 7.2 million.
Timothy Robertson - Boyne Advisors: 7.2 million?
Michael Smiley: Yeah.
Timothy Robertson - Boyne Advisors: Okay. Do you expect any additional onetime items to be flowing through gross margin in Q1?
Michael Smiley: Do I expect it? If I expect it, I would have included it in our forecast.
Timothy Robertson - Boyne Advisors: Okay.
Michael Smiley: I don't know of anything at this point.
Timothy Robertson - Boyne Advisors: Okay, great. Thank you very much.
Michael Smiley: Yeah.
Timothy Robertson - Boyne Advisors: Okay.
Anders Gustafsson: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question is a follow-up from the line of Greg Halter with Great Lakes Review. Please go ahead with your question sir.
Greg Halter - Great Lakes Review: Yes. Thank you for letting me back. The current in the release about the year-end share count at 60.86 million, I presume versus the average for the quarter that would have meant that you bought quite a bit of share later in the quarter to bring you down to the year end figure?
Anders Gustafsson: I don't know. We obviously became lot more active after the second quarter after the third quarter earnings call, and that sort of happens sort of the way through. So you're right, it was pride more back end loaded than front end loaded.
Greg Halter - Great Lakes Review: Okay, I'm just trying to get a gauge on the share count, and looks like the 60.86 is about it, because it does not appear there is much in the way of option dilution currently.
Anders Gustafsson: No, no there is not.
Greg Halter - Great Lakes Review: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is a follow-up from the line of Chuck Murphy of Sidoti & Company. Please go ahead with your question.
Charles Murphy - Sidoti & Company, LLC: Hey guys. Could you just talk about the linearity of your orders for the past three or four months? I mean was January lower than December and February lower than January?
Anders Gustafsson: So, in Q4 we saw very strong broad based bookings through October, November, and first part of December. And we saw weakening in the last two to three weeks of the fourth quarter. That's part of our guidance as we go into Q1. I think we've seen in the first quarter a lot of companies doing things like we are doing absolutely delayed their actual budgeting process. So, lot of the business units haven't seen their capital budgets yet. So you don't have necessarily the capital budgets to a spend. So our January was a bit weaker than we had expected, but that's also then baked into our forecast. And we expect that those budgets will now be finalized and people will be able to get their budgets to spend.
Charles Murphy - Sidoti & Company, LLC: Okay. I guess as it stands now, I mean would you feel like it's more likely than not that June is at least flat if not a little better than the March quarter?
Anders Gustafsson: I think we'll stay with it, Q1 the guidance here, I think that we... going into Q2 gets to be a little further field in this environment.
Michael Smiley: There has been a lot of debate with a lot of companies about whether they give next quarter guidance at all, and it's a tough market now. So we feel good to be able to give you the guidance that we are, but we don't want to go beyond that.
Charles Murphy - Sidoti & Company, LLC: Okay, sounds good. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question will be coming from the line of Chris Quilty; it's a follow up. And he's from Raymond James & Associates. Pleas go ahead with your question.
Chris Quilty - Raymond James & Associates: Thanks guys. I just want to quantify with regards to the restructuring efforts. The numbers you had mentioned previously about cost savings for this year. Those are all based upon restructuring charges that are already being accrued. And those are sort of annualized rates?
Anders Gustafsson: Yeah, I don't think there is much more going on, most of it's already been accrued.
Chris Quilty - Raymond James & Associates: Okay. And I was trying to go back during the discussion here in back through all the numbers of the strict exit charges and what not. But maybe you can just to make it easy for me, beyond the amount you stated for the first quarter and exit restructuring charges, what are you assuming as well for the balance of the year in remaining charges?
Anders Gustafsson: We're not going beyond the quarter, but we've got basically $3.1 million in the first quarter for exit and ESG integration costs, and that's what we have right now.
Chris Quilty - Raymond James & Associates: Okay. But if I add up what you previously charged through 2008, and again I couldn't quite back out between the exit and the restructuring side, it doesn't look like there is all that much left through the balance of the year or am I running the numbers wrong?
Anders Gustafsson: I think you're in the right ballpark here.
Chris Quilty - Raymond James & Associates: Okay. I just wanted to make sure.
Anders Gustafsson: Yeah.
Chris Quilty - Raymond James & Associates: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. I'd like to turn the floor back over to management for closing comments.
Douglas Fox, CFA: This is Dough. Just want to say thank you. Our hour is up. Mike Smiley and I will be around the rest of the day if you have further follow-up questions. Also I just want to let you know that our first quarter conference call will be held on May 5th. So we look forward to taking with you at that time. Thank you very much.
Operator: This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-10-29 11:00:00) =====
Executives:  Doug Fox  VP, IR Anders Gustafsson  CEO Mike Smiley  CFO and Treasurer 
Analysts:  Reik Read  Robert Baird Ajit Pai  Thomas Weisel Partners Greg Halter  Great Lakes Review Chris Quilty  Raymond James & Associates Anthony Kure  KeyBanc Timothy Robinson  Boyne Advisors Karey Kelley [ph]  Iron Works Capital 
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Zebra Technologies third quarter earnings release conference call. Joining us from Zebra Technologies are Anders Gustafsson CEO; Mike Smiley CFO; and Doug Fox, Vice President, Investor Relations. (Operator instructions) At this time I would like to introduce Mr. Doug Fox of Zebra Technologies. Sir, you may begin.
Doug Fox: Thank you. Good morning. Thank you for joining us today. Certain statements made on this call will relate to future events or circumstances and therefore will be forwardlooking statements within the meaning of the Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as expect, believe, and anticipate are a few examples of words identifying a forward-looking statement. Forward-looking information is subject to various risks and uncertainties which could significantly affect expected results. Risk factors were noted in the news release issued this morning and are also described in Zebras 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2007, which is on file with the SEC. Now, let me turn the call over to Anders Gustafsson for some brief opening remarks.
Anders Gustafsson: Thank you, Doug, and good morning everyone. Thank you for joining us. Today, Zebra reported solid third quarter results. We executed well delivering sales growth, profitability, and cash flow. We further positioned Zebra for success over the long-term by extending our industry leadership with customer solutions that deliver hard ROI, which is particularly important in these tough economic times. Given the unprecedented environments in which we and many companies are now operating, we are adapting our 2009 strategy to keep Zebra nimble in ever changing business conditions. Early in the quarter, we recognized the potential impact of economic uncertainties and quickly moved to reduce our annual operating expenses by more than $10 million. Our actions included refocusing our resources in the Enterprise Solutions Group to high priority opportunities, streamlining the management of our Specialty Printing Group's sales organization, and eliminating many contractors. In addition, we remain very frugal in our discretionary spending given the current environment. At the same time, we continue to build on the strength that enables us to serve more of our customers needs and deliver value for our shareholders. Zebra is in a solid position to extend our leadership in all economic conditions. In good times, our customers buy Zebra Solutions to expand their business. In tough times, our customers continue to buy our solutions to generate operational efficiencies. It is worth repeating the reasons for Zebras enduring ability to extend its industry leadership. First, Zebra serves more of our customers needs with the broadest range of products, technologies and solutions in our industry. With the largest installed base in the industry, we have an increasing need of our space of customers across geographies and industries. More than 90% of Fortune 500 companies use Zebra products and solutions. Our global go-to-market channels deliver these solutions to help our customers improve their business performance and competitive position. Second, Zebra operates a model of high profitability and substantial cash flow generation. Year-to-date, we have achieved a gross margin of 49.5%, a GAAP operating margin of 15.7%, and an EBITDAR margin of 20.9%. These results compare favorably to the performance of our peers and technology companies in general. We generated free cash flow before acquisitions of $67 million. Between our current cash balances and cash flow generating capabilities, we are able to internally fund all of our currently anticipated business grants. In other words, we can invest in new products to meet more customer needs and extend our leadership even in the current economic environment. We are equally focused on profitability. Thats why were reducing our operating expenses, both in the short term and over the longer term, with projects like our new ERP system and outsourcing of manufacturing. These programs will have long-term enduring benefits. Third, Zebras financial condition is strong. At the end of the third quarter, we had no debt and $247 million in cash and investments. This equates to almost $4 per share. In addition, we have $100 million untapped credit line with a consortium of highly rated global banking institutions. This financial strength gives our customers the confidence that Zebra can be their valued long-term business partner. Our financial strength further provides our shareholders the comfort that Zebra can continue to create shareholder value in good times and bad. And finally, it gives us the ability to invest in Zebra by buying back our shares. For all of these reasons, were in good position to extend our leadership. Id now like to review some Q3 highlights for you. Our Specialty Printing Group grew as a direct result of our business diversity. As Mike will explain, North America operations performed to expectations while European sales continued to be impacted by economic conditions. We had all-time sales records in Asia Pacific and Latin America. Our performance was reinforced by the investments weve made to build stronger channels to better serve our customers. Specifically, in the past year, weve increased the number of Zebra resellers in China by more than 200. Earlier this month, we opened a new distribution facility in Singapore. This operation is part of our global expansion strategy to serve our resellers in the region and our global supply chain transformation. It will also provide income tax benefits as more products go through it. In Latin America, we put in place a more substantial infrastructure leading to stronger sales, most notably in Brazil. The breadth of our solutions also grow performance. Sales of mobile work force solutions were particularly strong as customers looked to make their field personnel more productive in light of higher fuel prices and tougher business conditions. As an example, one of our customers is using our RW 420 mobile printer and a new Route Palette accessory to speed deliveries of food and beverages, which improves efficiency. We also have multiple pilots underway for Zebra mobile, desktop and kiosk printers. These pilots are being driven by our customers desire to invest in upgrading their existing Zebra solutions with newer technology, deploy new solutions to improve business performance, and consolidate their printer needs around a suite of Zebra products. Investments in Zebra solutions typically deliver a return in as little as six months. Results like these help drive customer demand even during a difficult economic environment. Our card business delivered a record quarter. This success was due to the actions we discussed with you earlier in the year. As promised, we consolidated the card printer sales, marketing and supply chain organizations into the Bar Code business unit. These actions resulted in adding 30 new card resellers through our Partners First Channel Program and leveraging an expanded global sales force to reach more opportunities. Our goals for the Specialty Printing Group include focusing on growth in key vertical markets, driving growth in BRIC countries, and improving operational efficiency with such projects as outsourcing and ERP implementation. We are optimistic about the future for our Specialty Printing Group and look forward to continuing to extend our leadership in this market. Let me now provide an update on our Enterprise Solutions Group where we continue to extend our leadership through more diversified solutions step and customer base. Let me remind you again of the rationale behind these acquisitions in order to provide an understanding of the significant value they bring to our company. Again, ESG currently makes up only 10% of Zebras total sales, yet it also enables Zebra to provide its customers the broadest set of asset tracking solutions available from any company today. Zebras Enterprise Solutions Group extends the breadth of our products and solutions, expands our deep expertise in attracting vertical markets, and enhances our technology portfolio so we can meet more of our customers needs. Essentially, Zebra Enterprise Solutions Group enables the company to realize its vision of helping customers improve their business performance through a host of innovative solutions that identify, track, and manage assets, transactions and people. As you are well aware, our 2008 priority for ESG has been to integrate four companies into one business unit. So far, we have made significant progress to position the organization for profitable growth and deliver more robust solutions to targeted customers. These actions include implementing a global business strategy, establishing common integrated organizations for strategy, product management and services, and integrating our sales teams along targeted verticals. Were excited about ESGs long-term prospects and continue to execute on our growth strategy which includes penetrating deeper into existing vertical markets with a broader suite of solutions, moving into adjacent markets, developing programs that leverage system integrators in other channel partners, and expanding internationally. Weve made good progress and we continue to execute on initiatives to achieve profitability. Make no mistake, this is a top priority for us. Given the current business environment, we can only expect the timeline to reach profitability to be longer than originally anticipated. Since mid-August, I have been even more involved in the Enterprise Solutions Business. I have met with multiple customers throughout the world to discuss how well we are supporting their needs and how we can best address their requirements in the future. For example, I attended the opening of the Euromax Marine Terminal in Rotterdam last month. Our terminal operating system makes Euromax one of the most advanced and automated container handling facilities in the world. Weve also diversified our sales across customers and verticals. Examples include the first sale of our operating system into a rail terminal in Australia. This is an important milestone in our strategy to expand into adjacent markets. A second example is the first sale of the combined suite of products from both our Enterprise Solutions and Specialty Printing Groups to a single customer. This channel driven sale to a large US government agency highlights the value of Zebras capability to deliver an expanding array of asset tracking solutions. And finally, a growing number of installations of our Material Flow Replenishment solution. Last month, I visited a large equipment processing plant in the US where our customer has implemented the Zebra real-time location system and Material Flow solutions and they have achieved an inventory reduction from $14 million down to $1 million. In summary, we are a leader in an attractive industry in a globalized economy. And today, we have a broader and more powerful solution sets. Each day, we see how our customers rely on our products and solutions to gain efficiencies, lower cost, and increase competitiveness. Our commitment to our customers is matched by our commitment to our shareholders. To ensure we will grow profitability over the long-term, we will continue to control our operating expenses through this challenging time to manage our margins and ensure shareholder returns. We realize this is a challenging environment and we will continue to assess our programs to ensure we are investing wisely, focusing on growth and profitability. I would now like to turn the call over to our CFO, Mike Smiley, to provide a detailed review of third quarter results and guidance for the fourth quarter of 2008. After Mikes remarks, Ill return for some closing comments on our outlook.
Mike Smiley: Thank you, Anders. There are three key points to keep in mind while we go through third quarter results. They are; first, North America, Latin America, and Asia Pacific geographic territories performed at or above expectations. Sales were principally affected by the continued weakness in EMEA. There is no material year-over-year net impact from foreign exchange. Two, we had four nondiscretionary one-time items that had a $0.03 combined positive impact on EPS. And three, operating expenses include the effect of more than $10 million in annual cost reductions. So lets start with sales which increased 12.4% with organic growth of 5.2%. Specialty Printing Group sales increased 3.5%. Enterprise Solutions Group contributed $25.6 million to third quarter sales with continued contributions from terminal operating system installations and real-time location system deployments. For the quarter, ESG delivered $1.7 million in services related to lost purchase accounting revenue. Under the accounting rules, were delivering the services which were obligated from the Navis acquisition but do not book the revenue against them. We have about $3 million left to deliver. Lets take a look at sales by product line now. Hardware sales increased 6.6% to $175.7 million from last year and represented 72% of total sales. We saw particular strength in mid-range mobile and card printers. The percentage of printer sales from new printers was a solid 20%. The pipeline for scheduled product introductions makes us optimistic that well see continued strength in this number. New products were introduced and are designed with features and benefits that open new opportunities for Zebra. In addition, we are continuing to add to our suite of offer that makes Zebra printers easier to integrate and use on enterprise networks, a clear benefit to our reseller partners and customers. We shipped 242,000 printers in the third quarter, averaging at price of $596 was up from $585 a year ago but down from last quarter because of FX and product mix. Record supply sales of $45.5 million were up 9.1% and comprise 18.7% of total sales. The percentage of revenue from services and software held steady at 10.8%. International sales were up 18.8%, with Latin America up 27.3% and Asia Pacific increasing 25.2% to a new record. EMEA increased 15.1%. Continuing the spotty body weakness we discussed during the last conference call, EMEA sales declined about 3% net of FX in Enterprise Solutions Group acquisitions. Out of our nine sub-regions, France, Germany, the Middle East, Africa, India, and Eastern Europe saw the greatest strength, countered by weakness in the UK, Italy, and the Benelux countries. Third quarter sales in North America were up 5.5% of $110.9 million. Here again, the diversity of our customer base in verticals has been paying off. In retail, we saw healthy refreshment replacement connector business. Sales to customers in small package delivery were also strong this quarter as well as mobility solutions in several verticals to help customers improve performance in their field operations. Consolidated gross margin was 48.3%, up slightly from 48.2% a year ago. Specialty Printing Group gross margin declined to 47.4% from 48.4% principally from some temporary production problems that arose in label manufacturing as we transferred lines for new facility in Atlanta. These problems have begun to abate this quarter with the installation of new equipment in the Atlanta location. Gross margin of 55.9% for the Enterprise Solutions Group was up from 40.2% a year ago on favorable shifts and revenue mix from the acquisitions. Lets take a look at operating expenses. First, our activities to reduce operating expenses cover several areas of the company in both business groups. Specifically, we found savings in areas of overlap in Enterprise Solutions Group through the integration process and consolidated sales management in the Specialty Printing Group. Some one-time items also hit the quarter. First, we booked a $5.3 million settlement on the claim we had on the WhereNet escrow. In addition to lowering operating expenses, it reduced our cash burden in the quarter by $2.6 million since the settlement is considered a reduction in the purchase price for tax purposes and is not taxable. Next, we also recorded a $1.1 million gain on the sale/leaseback of our facility in Camarillo, California, as we adjust our business to an outsourcing model for printers. Profitability of the business remained high. For the three-month period, EBITDAR margin was 22.3%, which is comparable to the 22.4% margin last year. Specialty Printing Group EBITDAR margin was a solid 27%. Expenses for 123R totaled $3.8 million versus $4.8 million last year. Exit costs amounted to $2.6 million, relating primarily to our outsourcing activities. In addition, we incurred $1.7 million integration expenses, primarily related to severance as we merged duplicate functions to optimize resources across the Enterprise Solutions Group. Investment income is another area with two one-time items. One, a write-down of $4.4 million for the impairment of our investment in Fannie Mae auction rate preferred securities. And two, a $2.9 million write-off of a long-term investment that the company entered into in 2002. On the impairment, many of you may recall, that beginning a year ago, we began to reduce risks in our investment portfolio. These actions included exiting a small amount of hedge fund investments we have as well as selling auction rate securities. We were able to liquidate a substantial portion of them but not all. The impairment charge incurred in conjunction with Fannie Mae going into conservatorship in the third quarter. Other than Fannie Mae preferreds, which were written down by 93%, we hold $7.7 million in other auction rate securities. We are comfortable with the value of these securities, 97% of which are AA rated or better municipal government and government agency securities. Excluding one-time charges, investment portfolio had an annualized return of 3.7%. Diluted earnings per share came in at $0.40 on 54.7 million average shares. Exit costs and integrations expenses reduced diluted earnings by $0.04. We ended the quarter with 63.3 million shares outstanding. We had a $7.1 million sequential decline in net receivables and brought down day sales outstanding from 55 days at the end of the second quarter to 54 days. The increase in inventories was primarily due to the transition of printer manufacturing to Jabil. We ended the quarter with $247 million in cash and investments. During the quarter, we used the entire 3 million share authorization with the repurchase of 1.9 million shares of Zebra common stock. As we announced today, the Board gave authorization to buy up to an additional 5 million shares of Zebra stock. This year, so far, we have used $107 million for stock buybacks. Over the past two years, weve reduced the number of shares outstanding by nearly 8 million. Our fourth quarter guidance is appropriately conservative given current conditions, FX rates, our deal pipeline and channel activity. For the quarter, we are forecasting sales of $225 million to $241 million, with Specialty Printing Group sales of $203 million to $215 million and Enterprise Solutions Group sales of $22 million to $26 million. This forecast incorporates an average US dollar/Euro exchange rate of 1.28, which is a huge swing from the average 1.46 for both 3Q 08 and the December 2007 quarter. Hedging activity will have an immaterial impact on quarterly results. The weakening of the Euro against the dollar is expected to affect sales by 2.5% compared with 3Q 08 results, which flows through to the bottom line. Without this impact, EPS would be $0.05 higher. Earnings are expected in the range of $0.30 or $0.38 per share. Our forecast assumes gross margin in the range of 46% to 48%, and GAAP operating expenses of $76 million to $80 million. Were estimating exit cost and integration expenses to total $2.8 million. The income tax will be 34.5%. That concludes my formal remarks. Thank you for your attention. Now, heres Anders for some concluding comments.
Anders Gustafsson: Thank you, Mike. We will continue to use our financial strength to expand our global leadership by building our business across customers, geographies and solutions. This diversity across multiple dimensions gives Zebra resilience during challenging times. We will prudently manage our business and adapt to changing market conditions. Programs are underway to review the products in our portfolio to ensure they meet both our customers needs and our profitability requirement. For example, we will stop producing photo printers, a business we began four years ago. This product generates revenue but little profit. And since this is an OEM product for a single customer, our exit will have no impact on our channel. We continue to make steady progress on our ERP implementation. To date, we are on plan and within budget. In fact, we just reached a major milestone as we begin implementing Phase II of this project. We are taking a low-risk approach to this multi-year project, which will lower costs by streamlining business processes and deliver multiple benefits to the company and our customers. Our outsourcing project is also on target to deliver $25 million to $30 million in cost savings in 2010. As of today, weve moved 40% of our production capacity to Jabil, who are delivering the same high quality as our customers have come to expect from Zebra. These numbers will rise significantly over the next several quarters. In the near-term, we will focus on high return activities that are right for our business and our customers. Looking ahead into 2009, we will continue to invest in activities that deliver sustainable returns including geographic expansion, which continues to be a core area of investment and growth, driving double-digits growth year-over-year for the last several quarters. We expect to place more resources in the BRIC countries of Brazil, Russia, India and China, plus Eastern Europe and Turkey. We will also invest in new product development and innovation, introducing new products to meet more customer needs. Most recently, we previewed our new Re-transfer card printer which we will be introducing early next year. Initial reports from our customers tell us that they are excited about this new level of performance that this product will deliver. Because Zebra has a strong focus on our customers and improving their business performance, I am confident that our strategy will pay off. Zebra has the financial strength, industry leadership and fiscal discipline to navigate through these challenging times. Prudent investments in geographic expansion and new product development will enable Zebra to extend its leadership and build value for our shareholders over the long term. Thank you for listening. We will now be happy to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator instructions) Id like to hand it back to Mr. Fox for some comments.
Doug Fox: Thank you. Just to keep the Q&A moving along, wed like to  wed appreciate it if you keep your questions to one question and one follow-up. If you have additional questions, feel free to get back in the queue. So with that, lets open it up for some Q&A.
Operator: Our first question comes from the line of Reik Read with Robert Baird. Please proceed with your question.
Reik Read  Robert Baird:  Its always very confusing. Good morning. Could you, guys, maybe  Mike, as part of your comments, you talked a little bit about some of the markets, but maybe you could expand on and talk about just maybe the retail, the industrial segment, the transportation logistics, what youre seeing from a macro perspective, and then how Zebra might be able to fit into those markets in the next, say, several quarters with the introductions of new solutions or new products or new customers or new channels. Anything along those lines would be real helpful.
Anders Gustafsson: Ill take that first. This is Anders. We talked about weakness in the retail segment for the last four quarters on our calls and weve been also talking about the weakness in Europe since Q2. Now, I think the investments we made over the last several years to diversify the business have made us a lot more robust as we can offset weakness in any one segment with strength in others. Now, specifically to the retail segment, I think we have been able to offset some of the weakness weve seen with the largest US retailers by penetrating deeper into that vertical and also expanding more internationally. More recently, weve also introduced our kiosk printers into retail and there we basically doubled the revenues from kiosk printers in the retail. So, we are certainly still seeing weakness in that sector but we have been able to offset some of that. Healthcare was a good vertical for us in the past quarter with strong growth. Also, our mobile workforce vertical did well for us. The manufacturing sector met the expectation, but wasnt pretty weak, but also did not really exhibit any strength.
Reik Read  Robert Baird: Okay. And then, on the ESG side of things with respect to the integration, can you expand a little bit, Anders, on your comments to talk about how you are trying to bring reseller system integrators into the fold and what is the status of the sales force? I mean, do you have a unified sales force now?
Anders Gustafsson: Yes, I think we have  we made good progress on integration, particularly here in the third quarter. Ill go through the integration a bit more. Specifically, we have a three phased approach. Now, the first phase is really to do the infrastructural and the organizational integration and that was really integrate four companies into one business unit, and weve come a long way by now. I think we have largely done actually at the end of Q3. We now have the common organization for strategy, for product management, for our services organization, and weve aligned our sales organization along our targeted verticals. When we get the ERP system implemented, we will able to see some further integration of our shared services and supply chain organizations also. The second phase of the integration is going to be, or is  thats really what were in the middle of right now. That is to integrate more of the ESGs product portfolio into the various vertical markets they were serving. And weve  some examples of how weve made progress here or how our customers are responding to this, I mentioned in my prepared remarks that we had a first order for really a combined solution from both ESG and from SPGs. There was an order to a large US government agency that included WhereNet (inaudible) products as well as passive RFID printers. And we have also largely completed the road map in the development for integrating WhereNet and our internal solutions in order to start offering system solutions. The third phase in the integration is to rebuild stronger ESG channel capabilities where we can leverage the SPG channel partners more fully, and thats something we already had on the agenda for 2009.
Reik Read  Robert Baird: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ajit Pai with Thomas Weisel Partners. Please proceed with your question.
Ajit Pai  Thomas Weisel Partners: Good morning.
Anders Gustafsson: Good morning.
Ajit Pai  Thomas Weisel Partners:  Couple of quick questions. I think the first is just looking at the operating expense structure and profitability of the Enterprise Solution Group, I take it that the vast improvement in the operating profitability is primarily due to the two one-times, the WhereNet as well as some other one-times?
Mike Smiley: Yes. You got your hands on it.
Ajit Pai  Thomas Weisel Partners:  Right. So, then, when youre looking at that 30% negative operating margin, thats about 6% right now, so on an overall basis, youre actually looking at a business model that is still very dependent on scaling. Youre not looking at any cost cutting to get any margin improvement as far as the ESG group goes, right? Its still an invest and growth kind of mode rather than a reach profitability mode anytime soon, is that a fair assumption?
Mike Smiley: Yes, I think. Look, let me just put it this way. I think one of the things, it's part of the integration process that Anders was talking about. As we put these organizations together, we want to make sure were focused on the right things and we dont have people doing  more than one person doing the same thing, so thats part of the integration, but were still investing for the growth and thats what were doing.
Ajit Pai  Thomas Weisel Partners:  Right. And would you say that the  in terms of the integration, the vast majority of the cost and streamlining and position mapping of the integration is behind us, or do you think theres still some potential over there for redundancies to be eliminated?
Anders Gustafsson: We will continue to make prudent investments in product development for the long term and look at how we can make the organization as efficient as we possibly can. We have  but its fair to say that the real driver for profitability will be growth and scale. I think weve made good progress over the last several quarters in establishing ourselves with our customers proving the value proposition for these things. We did implement a pretty substantial cost reduction in the third quarter. And for us getting ESG to profitability is an absolute top priority. Theres no question about it. But with the current economic conditions, it makes it a little harder to predict.
Ajit Pai  Thomas Weisel Partners:  Right. Looking forward, can you still expect the expenses on a sequential basis? I know year-over-year, because of the acquisition, it's a little difficult to model, but can you still expect the expenses even accounting for the WhereNet one-time, et cetera, including that to keep rising over the next several quarters or do we expect them to stay sort of flat?
Mike Smiley: We are expecting to hold them flat.
Ajit Pai  Thomas Weisel Partners:  Okay. So you expect the expenses to be held back and the revenues to keep rising?
Doug Fox: Hey Ajit.
Ajit Pai  Thomas Weisel Partners:  Yes?
Doug Fox: One question, one follow up.
Ajit Pai  Thomas Weisel Partners:  Okay. This is primarily with one issue. The other one is just the card printers, youve talked about the synergies that you expected with the rest of your channel and the fact that you are using two completely different models for distributing that, and I think about two or three quarters ago, you said there was an initiative to ensure that you get better synergies across that. Could you give us some RFID [ph] on how thats working right now?
Anders Gustafsson: In my prepared remarks, I talked about the card having had its best quarter ever. And that was really as a direct result of the activities we did in the beginning of the year by consolidating the sales and marketing organizations of our card business into our Specialty Printing Groups, and also on integrating the supply chain. So now, we have  weve been able to incorporate the card group into our Partners First channel program and that helps us add 30 new resellers to our card business. And also, we were able to then leverage a much larger global sales force to get better reach and see more opportunities.
Ajit Pai  Thomas Weisel Partners:  So I guess its still quite early in the process, there's still tremendous growth left over there?
Anders Gustafsson: We are coming out with a new printer next year, a new Re-transfer printer which were very excited about and we hope that should  we expect that to generate good business.
Ajit Pai  Thomas Weisel Partners:  Okay. Thank you.
Anders Gustafsson: Okay, next question.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Greg Halter with Great Lakes Review. Please proceed with your question.
Greg Halter  Great Lakes Review: Yes. Good morning guys.
Anders Gustafsson: Good morning.
Greg Halter  Great Lakes Review:  Of the cash and investments that you currently hold, I wonder if you could break that down for us between strictly cash and money market funds or treasuries and everything else or however else you want to break it out just so we can get a better feeling on whats there.
Mike Smiley: First of all, I think I mentioned that, this is Mike, that 97% of our investments are AA rated or above. Besides the Fannie Mae security which we wrote down, theres really nothing below A. We have, I would say, is Im looking across this probably about two-thirds of our investments, a little more than two-thirds of our municipal bonds, and then the rest are agencies and government backlogs. Actually, I misstated it here. No, thats right. About two-thirds of our investments are municipal bonds.
Greg Halter  Great Lakes Review:  Okay. And secondarily, I think on the last call, youd talked about China with some impact from the Olympics and so forth. In the quarter, how did China do on a growth basis?
Anders Gustafsson: China did very well for us actually. We probably saw a little less effect of the Olympics than we expected. Greater China is now our third largest revenue-generating country. In the third quarter, it was the third largest generating country.
Greg Halter  Great Lakes Review:  Okay, great thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Chris Quilty with Raymond James and Associates. Please proceed with your question.
Chris Quilty  Raymond James & Associates: Good morning gentlemen. I was hoping that you might be able to give us a little bit more direction with regard to the anticipated revenue breakdown just specifically for Q4 between ESG and SPG?
Mike Smiley: Well, I think if we go back to the call, we quoted that the SPG would have between  let me just pull my notes out here. I may have missed it. Yes, Im sorry about it. So, no  so SPG, we said was between $203 million and $215 million and the Enterprise Solutions Group was between $22 million and $26 million. So in total, were saying $225 million to $241 million.
Chris Quilty  Raymond James & Associates: Okay. And the key driver when you look at the Enterprise Solutions Group is still Navis, or are you expecting to see some year-over-year growth in the WhereNet business?
Anders Gustafsson: So, Navis will continue to be the largest single unit, but WhereNet had nice growth in Q3.
Chris Quilty  Raymond James & Associates: Okay, and is that primarily because the pickup in the port terminal business relative to the traditional exposure to automotive?
Anders Gustafsson: No, this was primarily driven by our real-time location systems and a new software package that we developed that we call Material Flow Replenishment Solution that goes into the automotive side. But we have been exposed also to some of the vagrancies of the automotive industry now, where four of our high confidence deals were for factories that actually are getting shut down. So, we are redirecting a lot of our marketing activities for this solution into more industrial manufacturing and government opportunities.
Chris Quilty  Raymond James & Associates: So, as you describe that part, it sounds like the old conbond [ph] system that you used to have, does that mean this is basically an upgrade to what existed and youre getting upgrade business, or these are establishing new customers?
Anders Gustafsson: Both, so its an expanded solution from what weve had before with much graded intelligence and wherein our customers are able to drive the efficiency of their supply chain much further back into their suppliers, and it eliminates stock-outs and reduces inventory. So its both an upgrade from what weve had and it gives us ability to go into a lot of new customers.
Chris Quilty  Raymond James & Associates: Right. And you spearhead the [ph] capital and Ill stick to my one question and circle back.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Anthony Kure with KeyBanc. Please proceed with your question.
Anthony Kure  KeyBanc: Good morning. I was just trying to get some color on the mechanics surrounding the claim against escrow, that $5.3 million offset to operating expenses. It sounds like there was an escrow account setup. Im looking at your K from 2007 along  associated with the WhereNet purchase, which makes sense. So, when this was established, was it  how was it treated on the operating income line above the line and relative to how its treated now, could you just give me some color on that?
Mike Smiley: The way this thing works is, because it was settled after the one-year window of the acquisition, and that goes through your P&L. And so at this point, if it was sitting in the  effectively in the balance sheet, and now that this has been recognized, the purchase has to flow through the P&L, which is whats reflected in our income statement interestingly enough. So basically, from a tax standpoint though, those proceeds are treated as return on investments, so it doesnt get taxed to permanent tax difference.
Anthony Kure  KeyBanc: Okay, and then it looks like the escrow count was $13.6 million. Are there  is the balance still left to be collected or is that factored into your revenue guidance? Im sorry, how does that work, the remainder?
Anders Gustafsson: We have now reached the final settlement with the WhereNet shareholders.
Anthony Kure  KeyBanc: Okay, so no more impact from something like this.
Anders Gustafsson: No more.
Anthony Kure  KeyBanc: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Timothy Robinson with Boyne Advisors. Please proceed with your question.
Timothy Robinson  Boyne Advisors: Good morning. Thanks for taking my call. I had a quick housekeeping question then a follow-up. First of all, what is the balance of the inventory obsolescence reserve at the end of the quarter?
Anders Gustafsson: Inventory obsolescence.
Mike Smiley: I dont have that number with me. I can get back to you, if thats okay?
Timothy Robinson  Boyne Advisors: Okay, yes. I could just follow-up that after the call.
Mike Smiley: Okay.
Timothy Robinson  Boyne Advisors: Okay. And lastly, I was just trying to get some more color into the increase in the receivables year-over-year. What is the average ESG segment DSO versus SPG segment DSO? And lastly, have you named a permanent replacement for the head of that segment yet?
Mike Smiley: The DSO for our ESG business is longer, so one of the things youll notice as you look at our business year-over-year is that our receivables days is longer than it was, lets say, a year ago. Part of that's because of the type of customers that the new business brings relative to the kind of the business that we have on the Specialty Printing Group. So part of that increase is a big increase from the acquisitions that's happened.
Timothy Robinson  Boyne Advisors: Okay, is there a ballpark number there, is it 90 days, 70 days versus 60 days, or just ?
Mike Smiley: Its more in the 100 days right now for ESG.
Timothy Robinson  Boyne Advisors: Okay, okay. Great, and the legacy business is about 50 to 60, I believe, correct?
Mike Smiley: Yes, between 50 and 60 in that ballpark.
Timothy Robinson  Boyne Advisors: Okay, great. And have you named a permanent replacement for the head of that segment yet?
Anders Gustafsson: No, we started a search in the beginning of August and we are in the middle of that now, and our expectation is that we will name somebody by the end of this year.
Timothy Robinson  Boyne Advisors: Okay, great. Thank you very much for taking my calls.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Karey Kelley [ph] with Iron Works Capital. Please proceed with your question.
Karey Kelley  Iron Works Capital: Hi, guys. I guess this is a bit of a follow-up on the inventory question. It's picked up a bit here at least more than I expected. Can you explain a little bit whats behind the increase in inventories and maybe what you might be expecting that to be going forward? And then I have a follow-up on your CapEx, have your expectations changed at all given the current macro environment? Thanks.
Anders Gustafsson: So, the reason the inventories has gone up is because of our outsourcing program. So, as we are moving more of our production lines to China, we are still manufacturing the same products in the US as we ramp them up in China, so that means that we will have some extra inventory or part inventory. And then as part of the outsourcing to Jabil, we will have a more finished goods inventory in containerships coming back to the US, so the entire difference is really made up of the transition to Jabil in our outsourcing. We would expect that it will continue to be at elevated levels through the first quarter. And after that, we would expect it to come back down to our normal, what we have seen as normal historic levels.
Karey Kelley  Iron Works Capital: Okay. Given though that you have, I guess, more product shipping in these containers, does that alone wont cost your inventory to stay high? It would bring it back into normal level.
Anders Gustafsson: So what happens is that we have  we take possession of the products when its finished from Jabil for the most part. We wouldnt have as much parts inventory at that point but we will have a more finished goods inventory there.
Karey Kelley  Iron Works Capital: Okay, great. Thanks. And then on the CapEx?
Anders Gustafsson: What was the question on CapEx?
Karey Kelley  Iron Works Capital: I guess my follow-up was  given the lower revenue expectations in the macro environment that were (inaudible), has that caused a change in what your CapEx numbers are?
Anders Gustafsson: Our CapEx requirements are generally very low.
Mike Smiley: For this year, youre seeing the CapEx for the ERP in our 
Anders Gustafsson: Yes, there is a higher CapEx this year and that will go on to  at a lower rate, but it still continues to be investment in our ERP program for next year.
Karey Kelley  Iron Works Capital: Okay. Thank you.
Operator:  Our next question is a follow-up question from the line of Chris Quilty with Raymond James & Associates. Please proceed with your question.
Chris Quilty  Raymond James & Associates: Thanks gentlemen. A bit of nebulous question here and I know the indirect channel may not give you tremendous insight into the actual integrators and resellers, but can you give us a sense of where your end customers stand in terms of the financial crisis and how theyre dealing with it and whether major projects or small projects are being put on hold due to the current economic conditions?
Anders Gustafsson: From the perspective of where the end customer stands, its obviously lots of different customers and I think  I'll answer it by  in two ways. I think, first, the feedback we have from our channel partners particularly from the US has been that they are seeing some softness but not a material soft offer or softness. But theyre obviously more cautious about the outlook, which is reflected in our guidance for the fourth quarter. We feel good about our position in that we are leader in the industry and that our solutions really enable our customers to generate very quick ROIs and reduce their OpEx. So we should be somewhat less exposed to the vagrancies of the economy from that perspective.
Chris Quilty  Raymond James & Associates: Okay. And specifically on the retail channel, have you gotten any feedback on obviously the strong impact that the retailers have seen that theres going to be a big slowdown?
Anders Gustafsson: We havent seen  no, weve been  actually, our retailers' business for Q4 looks to be in line with our expectation in North America.
Chris Quilty  Raymond James & Associates: Okay.
Anders Gustafsson: Weve seen some strengthening by some of the larger ones in this quarter.
Chris Quilty  Raymond James & Associates: Very good. Thank you.
Operator:  Our next question is a follow-up question from the line of Reik Read with Robert W. Baird. Please proceed with your question.
Reik Read  Robert Baird: Anders, I think you talked a little bit about this as part of your remarks but maybe expand the big balance sheet that you guys have is going to be a large benefit if we go into a protracted global recession? How do you use that balance sheet to take advantage and gain over your competitors?
Anders Gustafsson: Were trying to balance, obviously, the requirement for short term  managing our margins in the short-term with also our long-term profitability  long-term growth objectives. We see benefit to us in that we have the ability to continue to invest in attractive opportunities to grow or to innovate and develop new products and also in our sales channels and new products. And when it comes to gross [ph] or the uses of cash from a perspective of where to invest, we see that Zebra is at this stage, really one of the most attractive investment opportunities out there. So we intend to continue to acquire our shares in the markets as we have for the last 12 months.
Reik Read  Robert Baird: Okay. And then can you just talk a little bit about the RFID space and the planned level of investment there? I mean, I know that you have  if I separate ESG out as more of the active side, whats happening on the passive side?
Anders Gustafsson: The passive RFID has been up slightly this year.
Reik Read  Robert Baird: Can you talk a little bit about, I mean just given where that market is, whats the planned level of investment?
Anders Gustafsson: We have a leading position in that market. We have, we believe, at least the same level of market shares or higher as we have in our traditional printer side, and we will continue to make sure that we nurture that and maintain that. The overall investment level for next year, were still working through our 2009 plan, so its a little too early to say exactly what it would look like.
Reik Read  Robert Baird: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Timothy Robinson which is a follow-up question. Please proceed with your question.
Timothy Robinson  Boyne Advisors:  Hi guys. Thank you for taking me on again. I just had a follow up on the ESG segment collection period. You said that right now theyre longer than 100 days. Do you have an internal goal for where you would like to see? Is it close to that or is it with the integration, is this substantially higher than you expect it to be? Just give a little bit more color there?
Mike Smiley: Well, its about 100 days and the point is that we will have longer days on that, but we expect that they will improve over time. We are continuing to focus on those. I think thats part of the activities I would say in the integration side as to follow up on improving on those collections. So, we expect those to improve but they wont be to the levels that we have on the SPG side in the long run.
Timothy Robinson  Boyne Advisors: Okay. Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: There are no further questions in the queue at this time. Id like to hand it back over to management.
Anders Gustafsson: Okay. Well, thank you very much. 
Doug Fox:  Thank you very much for calling in and for your questions. And obviously if you have any follow-ons, we will be around for the next  here in the office today and for the rest of the week. Our next call is scheduled for February 17 and we will report on our Q4 results. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude todays teleconference. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect your lines at this time.

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-07-24 23:00:00) =====
Executives: Douglas Fox - VP of IR Anders Gustafsson - CEO Michael Smiley - CFO Mike Terzich - SVP of Global Sales and Marketing
Analysts: Reik Read - Robert Baird & Co Jeremy Grant - Stanford Group Jeff Rosenberg - William Blair Ajit Pai - Thomas Weisel Chris Quilty - Raymond James Anthony Kure - KeyBanc Marc Heilweil - Spectrum Advisory Services Richard Davis - Richard Davis & Company Scott Scher - Clovis Capital Richard Glass - Morgan Stanley
Operator: Good morning and welcome to Zebra Technologys First Quarter Earning Release Conference Call. Joining us from Zebra Technologys are Anders Gustafsson, CEO; Michael Smiley, CFO; Mike Terzich, Senior Vice President, Global Sales and Marketing, SPS and Douglas Fox Vice President Investor Relations.  All lines will be in listen-only mode until after todays presentation. Instructions will be given at the time in order to ask a question. At the request of Zebra Technologies this conference call is being recorded. Should anyone have any objections please disconnect at this time. At this time, I would like to introduce Mr. Douglas Fox of Zebra Technologies. Sir, you may begin.
Douglas Fox: Thank you and Good morning. Thank you for joining us today. Certain statements wee will make on this call will relate to future events or circumstances, and therefore, will be forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as expect, believe and anticipate are a few examples of the words identifying a forward-looking statement. Forward-looking information is subject to various risks and uncertainties, which could significantly affect expected results. Risk factors were noted in the news release we issued this morning, and are also described in Zebras 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2007, which is on file with the SEC. Now let me turn the call over to Anders Gustafsson for some brief opening remarks.
Anders Gustafsson: Thanks Doug and Good morning everyone. Thanks you joining us. In addition to Doug we have with us today Mike Smiley, our new CFO and Mike Terzich, Senior Vice President for Global Sales and Marketing for our specialty printing group. Today Zebra reported record sales and strong operating results for the second quarter. We also announced a more cautious outlook for Q3. Our solid performance across the company was driven by our programs to diversify our customer base, extend to Zebras geographic footprint and introduce new products to meet more customer needs. The addition of new channel partners, vertical market expansion and more resources in our international regions benefited our specialty-printing group. Our strong sequential sales increase put us at the top end of our forecasted range for the Enterprise Solutions Group as a result of improving fraction over the recently introduced products and continued deployments of terminal operating systems. Gross margin exceeded 50% for the first time since the fourth quarter of 2005.  During the quarter, we made progress on our strategic initiatives to accelerate sales growth and increase profitability. First, the continued integration of the WhereNet, proveo, Navis and MSSI into one division ESG that strengthened the organizations infrastructure to support and manage the business as well as how best to acquire the breadth of our technologies to meet more customer needs. Second, our global supply chain transformation is well underway. Third, a number of new product introductions have helped us win additional business with new customers in attractive growth verticals. Let me now cover some of the highlights in our second quarter results. In our Specialty Printing group, record international sales and nearly 10% growth in North America enabled us to deliver the second consecutive quarter of double-digit growth. It was the business units fifth consecutive quarterly sales increase. The growth was broad-based with several printer lines posting new sales records.  The increased resources to focus on channel development and vertical market applications resulted in another record quarter of Latin America. During the quarter, we secured significant new wins in manufacturing and government. Stronger Latin American economies are creating additional opportunities in manufacturing which compliments our strong position in retail and mobile workforce applications. In China, our strategies to penetrate new vertical markets and expand our presence in additional major cities continued to generate results. In Asia Pacific, record sales resulted from key wins in manufacturing retail and government. The launch of our Partner First Channel Program for the region gained traction with the recruitment of additional new channel partners. We anticipate further growth in this region, which hold significant long-term opportunities for Zebra. The second quarter saw a short rebound in our SPG North America business. The region benefited from continued strong growth through the channels, aided by the success of our diversification efforts and growth to the market expansion. During the quarter, we secured business with new retail customers including some with Kiosk printers, a definite growth area for the company. Other highlights of the quarter include important wins in direct store delivery, hospitality and government. These successes offset weaker sales for key accounts in retail and small package delivery. The rapidly changing economic environment in Western Europe caused SPG EMEA to fall short of its targets for the time and nearly for the years, a slowdown in Italy and the UK with notable certain weakness in retail, offset strength in France, the Nordics, Germany, and Eastern Europe. Let me spend a moment on Zebra Enterprise Solutions Group. With the period of solid bookings, ESG had good revenue flow from Maritime Licenses and Services. During the quarter, we announced new terminal operating system wins in Vietnam, Canada, Latin America and the Middle East. I am particularly pleased that Navis is tracking ahead of expectations with several go-live dates for our new platform, the SPARCS N4 Terminal Operating System, than for the remainder of this year. Business interest and opportunities will prevail, and are also on track for implementations of new systems to management airport ground support equipment. Building on the ESP integration in the first quarter, we consolidate this strategy and product management, good service and support into a single organization and we are in the process of integrating the MSSI and WhereNets hardware groups. We also began implementing a common supply chain, and are now in the early stages of developing a channel strategy for 2009, as well as focusing migrating solutions across verticals. All of this work has led to improved visibility in this new business unit in addition to finding new opportunities for growth. We are taking collective actions as needed to address the issues we have uncovered in the integration process. In the first half of this year, we took remedial actions to improve WhereNet product performance issues in the marine terminal markets. This is an important of our overall plan to maximize the value of our investment in WhereNet and ESG. We also introduced a new material low solution to enable manufacturers to better manage their replenishment operations. Based on WhereNet technology, material flow was an important contributor to second quarter ESG sales and it has a growing pipeline, which gives us confidence for further growth in the second half of the year. Material Flow helps manufacturers decrease labor cost, lower inventory levels and eliminate underutilized assets which is a key area of scrutiny by manufacturers, all while delivering a hard and rapid ROI. Our ESG team is working hard to bring the WhereNet solution to the level of performance required by our customers. I am satisfied that we are moving in the right direction and that our ESG investment will deliver the value we expect for our investors. Overall, I am pleased with how our total business is performing. Clearly, Zebra continues to extend its global leadership in helping customers identify, track, and manage valued assets, transactions and people across the supply chain and within the enterprise. We continue to increase the value content of our solutions with a greatest set for identification of technologies and application software. We entered the second half of the year more cautious on the economy and the seasonal slowdown in Europe. However, we continue to have a great deal of confidence in our ability to execute on our long-term business plan, and implement additional initiatives to support our growth objectives. Now, I will turn the call over to Mike to provide a detailed review of our second quarter results and guidance for the third quarter of 2008.
Michael Smiley: Thank you, Anders. Before I get to the numbers, let me say I am very pleased to be here at Zebra. I have already met some of you and look forward to meeting all of you in the near future. This year we started breaking out results from the Enterprise Solutions Group and specialty printing group. Results of each group reflect fully burdened numbers with depreciation and amortization and allocations of directly identifiable expenses provided by corporate related to those units. On an operating basis both business units contributed to strong sales growth. Record SPG sales included record international sales and the second highest quarterly sales for North America.  For ESG, we had strong sequential sales growth. We maintained gross margins, and operating expenses were within our forecasted range. Sales in the quarter SPG were up 12.8%, Fx net of the $5 million loss in hedging activities in the quarter versus a $1 million loss in hedging a year ago contributed $5.6 million or 2.8 percentage points of growth. ESG contributed $25 million to second quarter sales. MSSI, which we acquired at the beginning of the second quarter, had no material impact on the 16% sequential sales growth.  We have burned off about a million dollars in lost purchase accounting revenue in the quarter to leave about $4.8 million to deliver. The strength largely came from continued deployments of terminal operating systems supplemented by growth in our new Material Flow-Replenishment product. The trajectory on these and other products make us optimistic for another sequential sales in increase for ESG in the third quarter. Lets take a look at sales by product line. Hardware sales were $185.6 million of 17.3% over the last year and representing 73.1% of total sales. All bar code center product lines experienced growth with particularly strong growth and record sales of kiosk printers from this three point acquisition in 2006. The percentage of printer sales from new printers held steady at 19% from the first quarter and up from 9.2% for the second quarter last year. We shipped 238,458 printers in the second quarter, a 5.3% increase. Average unit price of $603 was up 9.9% over a year ago, driven by product mix, better pricing and foreign exchange. Record supply sales were $43.8 million or 8.7% and comprised 17.3% of total sales. The percentage of revenue from service and software continue to interest. This category driven principally from the addition of Navis represented 10.8% of second quarter sales, compared with 10.2% for the first quarter and 4.6% a year ago. During the quarter, Zebra incurred revenue hedging losses of $5 million. This loss set up a $0.05 per share impact on earnings. We entered into these hedging contracts, a year ago, at an average product rate of $1.36. The significant weakening of the dollar against the euro to an average settled rate of $1.55 resulted in loss. We entered in similar contracts for settlement in the third and to a less extent with fourth quarter.  Turning to regional sales breakdown, international sales were up 28%. Both Latin America and Asia-Pacific sales, each increased better than 38% to record levels. AMEA increased 23.2%, it fell short of our growth goal as Anders mentioned. Real growth in the region before Fx and ESG acquisition demanded to 5.4%.  Second quarter sales in North America were a record $112.3 million, an increase of 14.1% over last year. Consolidated gross profit reached 50.3% up from 47.6% a year ago. Gross profit includes some one-time items, which netted a 1-percentage point contribution to quarterly margin. SPG gross margin increased to 50.5% from 47.9% because it improved product mix and lower material cost and Fx impact. Gross margin of 49.1% for ESG was up from 37.5% a year ago, but down from 51% for the first quarter of this year on ships and revenue mix. Consolidated operating income increased 8.8% and delivered a GAAP operating margin of 14.6%, on a fully burdened basis, SPG operating margin was 26.1% up 0.9 percentage points for the year ago. Direct operating expenses in SPG were up 20% from an unusually low level a year ago largely driven by cost for our first global partners conference this quarter. Annual merit increases and additional marketing expenses. Results for SPG also included $4.7 million exit cost for the outsourcing initiative, which lowered EPS by $0.05 per share. The bulk of Zebras operating expense increase relates to the Navis acquisition. ESG expenses also include an incremental $1.7 million from the MSSI acquisition. Included in the ESG numbers is $4.5 million in intangible amortization and stock options expense. For the third quarter, we are expecting a significant reduction in the operating loss for ESG. On a consolidated basis we expect the reduction and the spend rates for the third quarter with the elimination of expenditures for the SPG global partners conference. Navis world customer conference and other one-time items. Expenses for 123 totaled $3.1 million versus $3.2 million last year. Investment income totaled $2.7 million. Diluted earnings per share came in at $0.39 per share on $65.5 million average shares. The sequential increase in accounts receivable was due to higher business activity. Inventories were up more than expected from additional stockings related to our outsourcing initiative. The building of parts is an advance of the launch of new product introductions and some increases related to differences in actual sales mix and the anticipated mix. We are monitoring inventory levels closely. Capital expenditures totaled $114.3 million for the quarter, principally from the expenditures on our ERP implementation, which is on schedule and within budget. We ended the quarter with $270.1 million in cash and investments. During the quarter, we repurchased 461,000 shares of common stock. Year-to-date, we have acquired about half of the shares under our 3 million share authorization with the deployment of $48.4 million. Our guidance for the third quarter indicates sales growth of 11 to 16% to $242 to $253 million, with SPG sales of $218 million to $225 million and ESG sales of $24 million to $28 million. This forecast takes into account the usual summer slowdown in EMEA and expected $5 million loss in hedging activities and the realities of deferred economic headwinds going into the second half of the year, earning to expect in the range of $0.34 to $0.41 per share. Our forecast assumes gross profit margin in the range of 48.5 to 50% in GAAP operating expenses of $86 million to $88.5 million, the reductions in the second quarter was $90.7 million. We are estimating outsourcing cost in the range of $3.2 million to $3.7 million. That concludes my formal remarks, and thank you for you attention. Here is Anders for some concluding comments.
Anders Gustafsson: Thanks Mike. Zebra performed well in the first half of 2008. Sales were up 20% with strong organic growth in our Specialty Printing Group and increased momentum in our six month old Enterprise Solutions Group. We maintained high gross profit margins and continued to control our direct operating expenses. Operationally, we made progress on those activities that will enable us to achieve our vision of providing solutions to customers to help them identify track and manage assets, transactions and people. The success of our global expansion activity is evident. We have also made significant progress in our vertical market penetration with greater diversity in our customer base. Furthermore, we made progress and our goal to develop greater customer intimacy. We are now actively engaged with a large number of our top endusers in our targeted vertical markets. This high touch model has led to a growing pipeline and has already started new key brands for mobile workforce and retail. That is the technology company; we rely on a vibrant product portfolio to stimulate growth. To paid revenue product introductions have increased. Most recently, we announced two important new printer products, the GPRS, the next generation of desktop printers, and the HC100 dedicated wrist band printer. We also added to our accessories offerings to allow the counting and direct store delivery solutions along with a new infant wrist band and other labeling surprises. Our innovation and leadership in printer products recently led to the largest RFID deal, which we are aware of today. Approximately, 250 Zebra R4i UHF, RFID card printers will be deployed to print and encode seasons key passes as data resorts in Colorado this coming winter. The R4i is the only UHF card printer available in volume. It will be paired with RFID cards incorporating a Zebra designed in late. This project opens new opportunities for growth, both for product in our core specialty printing business and in our enterprise solutions group. Going forward, we will continue to invest in developing the solutions and channels that will extend our leadership and secure long-term success. At the same time, we will continue to aggressively manage operating expenses due to the more challenging economic environment. As we have told investors many times, while Zebra is not immune from economic fluctuations, we are positioned better than many companies to sustain growth and profitability. Thank you for listening. We are now happy to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Reik Read with Robert Baird & Co. Please proceed with your question. 
Reik Read - Robert Baird & Co: Hey, good morning. Can you talk a little bit about internationally, maybe two things, one, you gave some good detail in terms of the individual countries and how those did, but can you talk a little bit about how the environment might be changing. AND then two, ANDers in your comments with Latin America and to a certain extent with Asia you were saying some of the resource deployment helped drive some of the strength there. I would not look at channel resource deployment helping initially so I am assuming that what you are talking about is some investment that you have in the past but are there some things that you have done in the last quarter or so that to really start to accelerate that? Thanks.
ANDers Gustafsson: So, first on the overall environment is that we have seen internationally -- the slowdown we saw in Europe was quite specific to the UK and Italy and particularly exposed to retail. We saw there I think a general slowdown in the economy, your outlook for those countries are a bit more muted for the second half but we saw good growth in many other parts of the region like I said that in particularly Eastern Europe and the Scandinavian countries.  The overall growth, it was very strong for us in the emerging markets so the countries we have spoken about specifically for growth like the BRIC countries; Brazil, Russia, India, China and also Eastern Europe and Turkey did very well for us. AND the investments I talked about were in the channels were really done beginning of this year and is starting to pay off for us now. We have started to also, launched our Partners First in Asia which has had a good response from our partners there and we expect that to continue.
Mike Terzich: However, (inaudible) this is Mike Terzich, let me just add one point to ANDerss comments particularly in relation to your Latin America question. The investments that we have made in Latin America, a big portion of that investment was focused on really two regions, Mexico and Brazil and those continue to be very strong contributors to our overall success in Latin America, particularly, investments we made about eighteen months ago, up to about twelve months ago in Brazil. We have expanded our infrastructure, we have grown resources, we have a legal entity, we have a new office and that is paying dividends as we have recruited new partners, we secured some new large pieces of business and we are very happy with what we are seeing out of that effort.
Reik Read - Robert Baird & Co: Okay, and then if I COULD JUST ask a follow up on the ESG side of things, you mentioned, you saw very good sequential strength from a revenue stand point, but gross margin is down a little over a 100 basis points, can you talk about, may be some factors that divide impact out and specifically, could you comment on service revenue, software, the impact of the rebuild of the deferred revenue account and then any integration cost that might be a little high at this point?
ANDers Gustafsson: So the makeshift was an increased proportion of services compared to Q1 into Q2 and also hardware. So that was really with the account before the gross margin erosion. We are seeing opportunities for us to whether -- as you have said to prune and tune organization somewhat, in order to make sure that we have backlogged some investment but we do not have to see the same opportunities for growth but put those dollars to work but we do see the best opportunities, so we are rebalancing some of the investments within the group.
Reik Read - Robert Baird & Co: Great, thanks you so much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeremy Grant with Stanford Group; please proceed with your question.
Jeremy Grant - Stanford Group: Hey, thanks there, Good morning, I wanted to follow up a little bit more about the economies, specifically in your guidance, you were talking about how you want to see, you are particularly cautious given the economic situation I think a lot of the message we got to date has been that business has been holding up surprisingly well despite economic sluggishness around the world. AND I am wondering outside what you are seeing in UK and Italy if you are now starting to see a bit more of a slowdown from other parts of the world relative to what you are seeing in the first half of the year?
ANDers Gustafsson: So I think that the economic impact the economic head wins that we are feeling has been really focused on Western Europe and North America and when we talked to our channel partners they would say that if you compare this to say late 2007 at that point our end user --they would -- they used to say that they were growing, they had budgets and they were funding proceed with investment projects very quickly. Today there is more scrutiny on projects they tend to go through a much more vigorous return on investment calculation which by the way really help us in any ways. They also go see that parties tend to get maybe divided up into more phases so they have not released the entire phase in one go. However, we havent seen any cancellations of orders some push up but not cancellations. So but outside the Western Europe and the U.S. the only other caution for Q3 is China where we expect that we will see some slowdown due to the Olympics they are slowing down huge factories around Beijing, traffic in Beijing and so forth and we expect that to have some impact on our business in China in Q3.
Jeremy Grant - Stanford Group: Alright thanks. AND then on the follow up I wanted to ask a bit more about guidance fro operating expenses going forward. Obviously they have been going up quite a bit the last year both with the outsourcing initiative as well as integration of ESG, I realize and of course you only give guidance for one quarter. I am wondering if you can look a little bit beyond and talk about what SORT OF level you think that these numbers are going to stabilize that?
ANDers Gustafsson: First, for Q3, we are looking to reduce OpEx quite substantially, and even if you look at our headcount for our core Zebra business on the corporate side, we were basically flat on headcount in the second quarter. We just -- we felt that the economic outlook was more uncertain and wanted to make sure we did not get ahead of ourselves on reproving. AND I expect that we will continue to be very provable in our recruiting activities going forward, particularly in our core business. However, also in ESP to make sure, we do only recruit absolute necessary resources and in the right place. Little uncomfortable to give you guidance on operating expenses for the longer term, because they do not obviously depend, somewhat down, what happens with the economy in Q4 and Q1. So I think, we do value our profit margins and we certainly are working hard to make sure we improve them, and we will deal with the OpEx situation based on what we see on the revenue side.
Jeremy Grant - Stanford Group: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeff Rosenberg with William Blair. Please proceed with your question.
Jeff Rosenberg - William Blair: Hi, I wanted to ask a couple more on ESG? If we look at the reported operating loss, it looks like incrementally it is up about $5 million year-over-year. Should we think of that as -- how actually should we think of that if things are getting tougher within WhereNet versus how should we think about the profitability of the other businesses you acquired? I know you do not want to think about them as an integrated unit, but just in general, I mean is the -- I know you are still on the process of integrating them, so when you look at the newer businesses, are they profitable or how far away they are from being where you expect them to be in terms of reaching breakeven?
ANDers Gustafsson: Yes. First, the largest acquisition we made today is Navis. That is performing very well and making money for us, and its value acquisition is brand new and we still have some work to do before we make that profitable. We do expect to see the material improvement in our profitability of ESP in the third and fourth quarter of this year.
Jeff Rosenberg - William Blair: That is it. I guess if it is occurring in the third quarter, it seems though it is not enough to really offset the overall decline in profitability by which obviously you know there is some negative leverage as you see sales decline in the core business. However, I guess can you give us some flavor for how material that improvement could be in Q3 if given overall, it seems like its seems more than offset by the negative effects of the weakness in the core business?
ANDers Gustafsson: Yes. So -- first maybe one more point on the year-over-year comparison, the amortization is obviously much, much bigger, so the operating situation is not that different. For Q3 though, we guided for between flat to plus $2.5 million of revenue for ESP, and I think you can assume that it will be a similar gross margin profile in that revenue stream also. 
Jeff Rosenberg - William Blair: AND I know you have had exactly expenses there too?
ANDers Gustafsson: We are adding back some expenses also in the third quarter. We have absolutely done so. 
Michael Smiley: Its multi top line growth that is driving this.
Mike Terzich: Yes. However, there is more pruning and tuning to make sure that we get the synergies that we have identified and that we have the resources where we believe that they can add the most value.
Jeff Rosenberg - William Blair: Got it. and then, one last question on this call. When does the deferred revenue from Navis begin to come back to contributing, is that a Q4 event, and can you give us a sense of what SORT OF profitability improvement that alone will give you?
Michael Smiley: We had $2.3 million of revenue, we did not seek up through the P&L in the first quarter, $1 million in the second quarter, and I think we probably would have had an expectation for more of it to actually flow through in the first half and we have seen, so our expectation is this propelled roll off a little bit more slowly than we have seen in the past, and probably not really we consider the use until 2009.
Jeff Rosenberg - William Blair: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Michael Smiley: Yes. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Ajit Pai with Thomas Weisel. Please proceed with your questions.
Ajit Pai - Thomas Weisel: Yes, good morning.
ANDers Gustafsson: Good morning. 
Ajit Pai - Thomas Weisel: A Couple of quick questions. The first one is, back to ESG, I think you had indicated earlier that in the third quarter you expected to get to SORT OF a breakeven in that business. So it just stays in the column you have provided right now, if you exclude the impact of amortization, do you think that you could get there with the drop off in expenses or you think that it is still; it is unlikely given like a change in the environment?
Mike Terzich: We have also added the MSSI to ESG symptom and our expectation is that we will make a substantial improvement in profitability for ESG in the second and third quarter and it get close. I do not think we are going to say we are going to be profitable in the third quarter and we expect further improvement in the fourth quarter.
Ajit Pai - Thomas Weisel: Got it. AND then the second thing is, just given the change in leadership on the finance side, the hedging policy that you have been following over the past couple of years, could you give some color as to whether you know, the manner in which you think or thinking about it right now on a go-forward basis, the currency hedging?
Michael Smiley: Yes. I think that (inaudible) before has been to basically hedge 50 to 80% of the euro revenues going forward in this -- I think it is on the press release, the average spot rate, a lot of the hedges they were seeing, terminate or mature, this year we brought last year and so most of the hedging activities that you will see mature for the rest of the year were likewise brought last year.  For 2009, obviously, we will have a benefit for the full weakening of the dollar which is not really reflected in our results. So, for example, the $5 million of hedging losses that we had in Q2, next year if we are at the same exchange rate, that full benefit will flow through to roughly $0.05 a share in EPS.  As far as what we do, 2009, I think we do want to make sure we manage our foreign exchange exposure and try to avoid the volatility that that asset can provide but it is hard to explain SORT OF what the program will be in 2009, 2010, I do not think we want to talk about that right now.
Ajit Pai - Thomas Weisel: Okay but you do want to hedge it.
ANDers Gustafsson: Yes.
Ajit Pai - Thomas Weisel: Okay and then the second is just looking at the cash in your balance sheet and the acquisitions you have been making right now, could you give us some color as to how you would prioritize the use of that cash right now especially given the weakness in your stock and also what the pipeline of acquisitions looks like right now for Zebra?
ANDers Gustafsson: Well, we have a, brought back approximately $50 million worth of shares this year. I think that is a material number for us, compared to, particularly looking at that cash balances now, that is gone down to below $300 million. AND we have made one acquisition which was a relatively small one. I think the outlook for this year we are very cautious on acquisitions as we said before, we want to really bend down and get the value out of the acquisitions we have done in the ESG already, but it might be some small tuck-in that would, particularly on the technology side, that would enable us to accelerate some new applications or new revenues. We are obviously have nearly $1.5 million of the share buyback authorization and depending on the share price, we would be active in the market.
Ajit Pai - Thomas Weisel: Got it and when you are looking at your current tax rate, its entirely stable over a long period of time or range, as you shift your manufacturing strategy and some of the other growth that you are seeing in international market, what KIND OF tax rate, what KIND OF changes, do you expect in that?
ANDers Gustafsson: We expect that taxes will come down somewhat but I do not -- we are not quite ready to lay out the entire tax picture at this time.
Ajit Pai - Thomas Weisel: Okay, got it, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Quilty from Raymond James, Please proceed with your question.
Chris Quilty - Raymond James: Good morning, gentlemen, I was pleased to see that the North American market showed a nice hop, I think it was 12% or so, in your segment reporting. However, I was wondering if you could perhaps give us an idea of break down in the specialty printing group where you saw most of the North American weakness last year. How much of that was related to SPG?
Mike Terzich: Chris, this is Mike, I am not sure I understood the question, the last part of that question?
Chris Quilty - Raymond James: Okay, before you did the or acquired even WhereNet, we saw weak numbers in the specialty printing business in North America.
Mike Terzich: Right.
Chris Quilty - Raymond James: The number you reported today are 12% in growth in North America, includes both SPG and the Enterprise Solutions Group so if you took away the Enterprise Solutions Group, is most of that jump due to ESG or -- is it?
Mike Terzich: No, just the opposite, actually, its most of the North America growth is associated with the SPG business.
Chris Quilty - Raymond James: Okay and so that is a pretty dramatic lift from what you have seen in the last 4 or 5 quarters what specifically would you attribute that to?
Mike Terzich: Well there were a few things in the quarter. Our strategy as we have expanded and found over the last couple of years, vertical market expansion and we have got some nice wins in some markets for us particularly two places one was in direct store delivery space this is a space that we entered about two years ago. It is a mobile driven solutions sub space and what is going on with energy prices we are seeing a lot of increased interest in companies that are looking to take cost out of their ability to deliver goods. A lot of these goods are KIND OF retail base these are the guys that deliver sodas and bread, bake goods etcetera. ANDers mentioned we have some success in the quarter with kiosks, so there is a quite a bit of interest in self help unattended printing applications. So we have got some nice wins there. AND then the broader success we had in Q2 was we had very good spring through the channel. AND what this means is, this is typically driven by multiple markets but our channel business was very strong in the quarter and was offset a little bit by some of the spot weakness in some of the larger lot retail business was continues to be soft as you would imagine.
ANDers Gustafsson: Yes the actual growth for North America, the organic growth for our specialty printing group was 9.2%.
Chris Quilty - Raymond James: Good. AND when you look at those two areas the [DST] and kiosk do you think the strength was primarily underlined growth in the market or competitive wins?
ANDers Gustafsson: Well I would say it is a little bit of both I mean the application space have some opportunity in it and clearly in a couple of those areas, and the Kiosk is a very fragment in market. So I would not necessarily say those word take-share comparative wins. However, in the route space, we are competing against some traditional confident we are winning share.
Chris Quilty - Raymond James: Okay. AND if I can just circle back to the question that Ajit had asked about the earlier prediction of Q3 breakeven in the ESG Group. I put that note in my model, but thinking about it now. Will you -- with that original prediction were you talking about a EBIT breakeven as you report in your 10-Q in your press release or was that factoring out the deferred revenues and amortization of intangibles and more of a an EBIT adjusted EBITDA number?
ANDers Gustafsson: It was an adjusted EBITDA number. So it was on KIND OF on the direct operating profit level.
Chris Quilty - Raymond James: Okay. So --
Michael Smiley: Also as you know, again remember, that we have added on MSSIs same staff since you said that.
Chris Quilty - Raymond James: I understand. So, if were to look at the $7.7 million loss, I think that was in this quarter, you would back out the $1.7 million of expenses from MSSI; I can not find my numbers here. $2.3 million of deferred revenue and couple of numbers of amortization.
Michael Smiley: 2.3 was in the first quarter. There is 1.1 billion on deferred revenue in the second quarter.
Chris Quilty - Raymond James: AND amortization of couple a million?
Michael Smiley: Yes. Amortization was $3.3 million in the quarter.
Chris Quilty - Raymond James: For ESG?
Michael Smiley: Yes.
Chris Quilty - Raymond James: Okay. So, you are not all that far off from getting into the breakeven
ANDers Gustafsson: No
Chris Quilty - Raymond James: Alright.
Michael Smiley: We are making decent progress I think, and we said, we had a good confidence that we will be improving the financial report.
Chris Quilty - Raymond James: Good..
Michael Smiley: The top line Q3 and Q4.
Chris Quilty - Raymond James: AND finally a specific update on how the outsource that Jebels going?
ANDers Gustafsson: We are satisfied with the progress of our outsourcing activities with Jebel. We have moves -- we now actually manufacture 100,000 printers in Jebel, that is out of $700 annual run rate to say 750,000 printers, and so in the first half of this year we have done 100,000 printers. AND with equivalent quality as we have had in our North America facilities or particularly in Camarillo which is where these printers come from. The overall program is running probably 6 to 8 weeks behind based on our changing KIND OF the strategy of not moving tools but having to make new tools in China, but we on the other hand have been able to offset that delay would seeing greater than expected material cost savings. So the overall project P&L with a project MPV value is still very much intact.
Chris Quilty - Raymond James: Great. Thank you gentlemen. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Anthony Kure with KeyBanc. Please proceed with your question.
Anthony Kure - KeyBanc: Good morning. Just a quick question on the other item in the gross margins, how --sorry if I missed it, but I am wondering if you could give a little color on that?
Michael Smiley: You are talking about the one-time items?
Anthony Kure - KeyBanc: Yes. That impacted gross margins or helped gross margins by 1 percentage points?
Michael Smiley: We had a two items that were affecting gross margins that went different ways. The first was we had an adjustment to a V-accrual, the V-accrual is basically to take in consideration the cost to recycle products that is an obligation we have within Europe, and we have had that program going on for about three years and we have examined that accrual and that we made and adjustment to that accrual. The other thing is we had some adjustments to some lease expenses. So, when you net that all out, those two items are basically a 1% improvement to gross margin.
Anthony Kure - KeyBanc: Okay, thank you. AND then, just a little more color on what is going on in Asia, obviously, there is strong growth there, just wondering if you can maybe talk a little about the end markets that are KIND OF driving it? Are you getting more into the manufacturing base there and taking share from local competitors or -- can you give an idea what is going on there?
Mike Terzich: Alright, Anthony, it is Mike, I will take that. Our business in Asia has been very good, it is been good for a number of periods now, and we saw growth predominantly out of two-sub regions within Asia. China was very strong for us and China has been and continues to be a core industrial manufacturing market for us. So we see lots of opportunity that have been created both by multinational manufacturers and local manufacturers. We are selling a lot of our big iron product in that region. Interestingly, China is also creating some opportunity on the mobile side as some of the per capita wealth is improving, retail is beginning to become a much stronger market for us. So, things in China look very good. Other markets that were strong in Asia in that region for us was Australia, and this has been a market that has really rapidly improved for us and it is been basically on the heels of some strong retail opportunity that we have had in the region with some of the large Australian retailers across a pretty wide range of our product portfolio.
Anthony Kure - KeyBanc: Okay, great. Thank you, that is all I had.
ANDers Gustafsson: Real growth in Asia Pac was 24.3% for the quarter.
Operator: We have a follow-up question from Reik Read with Robert Baird. Please proceed with your question.
Reik Read - Robert Baird & Co.: I just wanted to follow-up on the ESG side of things. ANDers, I think in your comment you had mentioned that you had to retool some retool some [warhead] products for the marine area. Is that something that added some incremental costs and now those costs are going to come out and that also helps the transition that you are talking about?
ANDers Gustafsson: The cost -- they are not really like incremental cost, they are already in our P&L largely. So I do not expect that they will come out based on that but we have been working forward to that, basically that six months to improve the performance of the solution in marine terminals. AND that should open up more opportunities for us elsewhere as we get the performance to be that much higher.
Reik Read - Robert Baird & Co.: Yes, I just -- I am just asking, is the bulk of that done and so therefore -- you that is much?
ANDers Gustafsson: The bulk of that is done, we still have some work to do but we expect that by the end of the third quarter we should be largely done with that.
Reik Read - Robert Baird & Co.: Okay and then I just like wanted to follow-up and maybe I just did not understand, it sounds like you are saying from a mixed perspective software will kick in a little more as deferred revenue KIND OF kicks back in the third quarter. I am just trying to understand the incremental difference (inaudible)?
ANDers Gustafsson: I do not think we said that for the third quarter particularly. I think in the third quarter we would expect the mix to be similar because we had deferred revenue in Q2 but we are also going to have deferred revenue in Q3.
Mike Terzich: AND we expect to be similar from quarter to quarter.
Reik Read - Robert Baird & Co.: Okay, great. AND then just one other question if I could, you have seen pretty good quarterly improvement, really over the last year in your ASP. Can you talk a little bit about what is behind that and are you seeing some component inflation that is defeating that away or not.
Mike Terzich: Riek this is Michael, let me, I will talk about the ASP portion of that. We have, you are right. Absolutely, it is a good observation. We have been very focused on our pricing strategy and we have made a couple of changes across the globe that has helped that. Primarily, we get some discipline, good discipline as we roll out partners first across the regions, we get, we tend to get better pricing discipline with our channel partners and that has improved our situation there and particularly over the last couple of years, in our Asia Marcet which has been more price sensitive, we put some more administrative controls in place and some of the special pricing opportunities that we have seen and then you are getting as you know, you are getting some foreign exchange benefit that is driving up the ASP, so net-net, we are on a very nice trend over the last few periods that is relative to average unit price. The other piece that you are mentioning as we have seen some cost increases and the side of business, with the oil being what it is, we are seeing some increases from our supplier on the label and the ribbon part of our business and like everyone else, we have passed those cost increases on to our customer base.
Reik Read - Robert Baird & Co.: AND Mike, with the disciplines that you are talking about with respect with ASPs, it now seems like you are KIND OF lacking at is, is that something where you really do not see a whole lot of additional improvement, it just becomes stable, is that the right way to look at that?
Mike Terzich: Yes, it may very well be, I think it is a run at the course for us, I think it is been good, I think as we introduce new product that helps potentially to offer some other opportunities for us but I think its okay.
Reik Read - Robert Baird & Co.: Okay, great, thanks a lot.
Operator: Our next question comes from Marc Heilweil with Spectrum Advisory Services. Please proceed with your question.
Marc Heilweil - Spectrum Advisory Services: Hi and I just really have a chance to ask you a broader question, Zebra before the last downturn has shown a steady it has had a not a great, sharp slope decline in its profit margins and its profitability. Certainly from the 90s and maybe I guess at the beginning of this century. What is your view of -- a reasonable view of what KIND OF profitability, profit margins and perhaps return on assets this company can realize over a smooth, out over a cycle?
ANDers Gustafsson: Well we do expect that we will be able to generate good revenue growth over the next 3/4 years both from our core business and also from the ESG and that should give us some scale to improve our margins. We have also had some substantial significant programs in place to reduce our cost structure. First and foremost really our outsourcing program which we have said we expect to get the cost savings of between $25 million and $30 million by 2010. We also have many people doing implementation which should enable us to drive some more synergies and improvements. AND when we get to -- three years out there so we have mentioned that we expect to have a cash earnings, the cash in EBITDA number of 22 to 25%.
Marc Heilweil - Spectrum Advisory Services: What do you think accounts for the decline in the profitability of this corporation over the last six to seven years?
ANDers Gustafsson: It is a long time. Yes, approximately if you prepare to 2004 may be present here -- I think our margins KIND OF peak, that was a year, when we had some very, very large orders from a large retail customer house and we grew revenue in lot of cash and then we could grow OpEx and as we extend price to diversify the business the more vertical markets being now the cost of sales model has gone up a bit. All this being up in more recent time here the additional ESG has been diluted to our short-term earnings. However, we expect the decision is clearly that we will take that a good additive part of the business. 
Marc Heilweil - Spectrum Advisory Services: Okay. Thank you.
ANDers Gustafsson: AND then also may, if you think that out from -- compared to our peer group. We are still substantially more profitable and more robust margin structure than any of our peers I think.
Marc Heilweil - Spectrum Advisory Services: I understand. Thanks.
Operator: We have a follow up question from Jeremy Grant with Stanford Group. Please proceed with your question.
Jeremy Grant - Stanford Group: Hey thanks. I just wanted to talk a little bit more about ESG. We talked about how Q3 it is on an adjusted EBITDA basis, it should be breakeven and pretty close to it. Wondering what revenue run rate you would have to be at in order to actually be breakeven on SORT OF a normal EBIT basis?
ANDers Gustafsson: Yes, I think you can go back and do the math on that. However, at this point, I think we are again focusing on the third quarter and on a cash flow basis that the numbers we projected. We are in the ball park of being cash flow positive and so did the direction that we are at right now.
Jeremy Grant - Stanford Group: Alright, thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Richard Davis with Richard Davis & Company. Please proceed with your question.
Richard Davis - Richard Davis & Company: I am intrigue by the possibilities particularly in the direct store delivery market our rather vertical markets, how the customer saves money and somebody mentioned that on the call then I thought just expand that point a little bit. 
Mike Terzich: Sure, Richard. This is Mike. We are happy to do that. You know that market is all about its route management when you look at what is going on in that space right now higher fuel prices, what these our manufacturers are looking to do is to get more routes completed in the -- a typical eight-hour shift, be more efficient and how there those trust navigate free to save on fuel and where we come into play is the real crates, carton boxes full of goods into a potential store. AND they are printing the transaction receipt on demand by wearing mobile printing devices and that saves that driver steps valuable steps to walk back to the truck to get a receipt and that allows these companies to squeeze more deliveries into a day and it saves money, improves their efficiency and also ties to automating their billing system. 
Richard Davis - Richard Davis & Company: Thank you very much. 
Mike Terzich: Alright. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Scott Scher with Clovis Capital. Please proceed with your questions. 
Scott Scher - Clovis Capital: A couple of questions the exit cost, what is your estimate for complete 08 and then what do you think 09 will be on the exit cost?
ANDers Gustafsson: I do not think we have forecasted, we know we said that the cost for -- exit cost was -- the total cost of that not the exit cost but the total cost for the outsourcing project for 2008 was $16 million to $18 million and that is still the forecast we have, and we said the total cost for the entire project was approximately $25 million, and we are also come through with that forecast at this stage.
Scott Scher - Clovis Capital: So, in periods in 2009, that dramatically has to drop off quite significantly versus 2008?
ANDers Gustafsson: Correct.
Scott Scher - Clovis Capital: That is correct?
ANDers Gustafsson: Yes, that is correct.
Scott Scher - Clovis Capital: Okay. AND then, when you talk about the -- you are taking about ESG, you talking about it, and KIND OF improving here in the back half for the year. Is it too early to talk about 2009 in terms of a ramp for profitability, because I know you have goals out there that you laid out your Analyst Day by 2010 or 2011 to have SORT OF 15% margins or something like that, much of that linear or an up, is it too early to talk about the ESG, what the improvement would be in 2009 versus 2008 in terms of profitability?
ANDers Gustafsson: I think it is a little early for us to get into real forecast for 2009. We obviously expect the business to improve revenues and improve margins, but I do not think we are quite comfortable giving any more specific targets at this stage.
Scott Scher - Clovis Capital: AND, were there any other extraneous cost in the quarter in terms of severance for management or anything like that, were there any other SORT OF expenses in this quarter that were extraordinary?
Michael Smiley: Yes, there was certainly severance expense in the quarter. We normally have some severance expense, but the severance expense line was high this quarter than normal.
Scott Scher - Clovis Capital: Okay, thank you.
Douglas Fox: We have, this is Doug. We have time for one more question. AND then we will be around certainly to answer your questions offline. Also, just as a reminder our next conference call will be held on October 29th.
Operator: Our last question will be from [Richard Glass] with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, I have another form of -- KIND OF a comment on the questions you got a little bit earlier, I mean all we are hearing on this call is that we are seeing growth in the printers, we are seeing growth in the SG, we are seeing growth in Asia, that is all well and good but as stock holders we would like to actually see some profits. You have had a languishing earnings number for years. You have had a languishing stock for longer than that and maybe there needs to be a change in focus from just purely growth to actually worrying about driving the bottom line and talking about goals three years out is nice but it is difficult to see it from where we are sitting today.  AND maybe there needs to be a different set of incentive for management in terms of getting to profitability. Looking through the profit, it seems like its very growth focused and absolute operating income base as opposed to return base, no profitability base. How are we going to change our focus and when are we going to start seeing an eye on profits being what matters and not give it on growth?
ANDers Gustafsson: Yes, so first on the incentive that we have, as a management team we are very much incented to improve the share price so there would be a return and it is going to be aligned with you, that is the biggest part of, certainly on my compensation and it is a very substantial part of certainly on, everybody on the executive teams view. We have a number of very significant activities that are looking to drive profitability as I mentioned. Outsourcing is something that can generate $25 million to $30 million of cost savings. The ERP program can certainly provide a lot of synergies. I wish that we could, implement those in a quarter or two but those are large projects and it is going to take some time for us to get those done. However, also I think we need to balance it with trying to get some growth for the business and make sure that we stand our market base and I think that we have so far executed well on those plans and that should generate good long-term returns. AND if you look it out -- if you back out the cost for our outsourcing, we have a pretty substantial improvement in the EPS year-over-year.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you.
Operator: I would like to turn the call back over to management for closing comment.
ANDers Gustafsson: Yes, with that, thank you very much. Again we will talk to you again on October 29 and if you have any questions, we will be around to talk to you offline. Thank you very much.
Operator: This concludes todays teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time, thank you for your participation and have a great day.

===== 2008 Q1  (2008-04-23 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Anders Gustafsson - CEO  Charles Whitchurch - CFO  Michael Terzich  SVP, Sales and Marketing 
Analysts:  Jeff Rosenburg - William Blair Chris Quilty - Raymond James Reik Read - Robert Baird Ajit Pai - Thomas Weisel Greg Halter - Great Lakes Review Jeremy Grant - Stanford Group  
Operator:   Good morning and welcome to the Zebra Technologies first quarter earnings release conference call. Joining us from Zebra Technologies are Mr. Anders Gustafsson, CEO and Mr. Charles Whitchurch, CFO of Zebra Technologies. (Operator Instructions) At this time, I would like to introduce Mr. Charles Whitchurch, CFO of Zebra Technologies. Sir, you may begin.
Charles Whitchurch: Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us today for first quarter results. Certain statements we'll make on this call will relate to future events or circumstances and therefore will be forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as expect, believe and anticipate are a few examples of the words identifying forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements and information is subject to various risks and uncertainties which could significantly affect expected results. Risk factors were also noted in the news release we issued this morning and are also described in Zebra's 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2007 which is on file with the SEC. Now let me turn the call over to Anders for some brief opening remarks.
Anders Gustafsson: Thank you, Randy. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us on the call. This morning we made several significant announcements, including excellent first quarter financial results, a favorable second quarter outlook, Randys retirement and the transition to Mike Smiley as Zebra's new CFO. Let me now cover our first quarter performance. We maintained strong momentum throughout the first quarter to deliver record sales, improved profitability and solid earnings growth. The increase in diversity of our business across geographies, products and vertical markets was an important element of our continued growth. International regions performed exceedingly well.  We had sales growth in nearly all printer product lines with increasing success in further penetrating targeted vertical markets. The percentage of printer sales from new products also maintained an upward trajectory.  Gross profit margin benefited from richer mix of business and material cost reductions. During the first quarter we made meaningful progress in integrating Navis, WhereNet and Proveo into a single cohesive Zebra Enterprise Solutions business unit. Shortly after the end of the quarter we added Multispectral Solutions to the group, known for its leading ultra wide band radio technology. Without question, expanding the range of automatic identification and specialty printing solutions that Zebra now delivers has made us a more valued strategic partner.  Our customers continue to respond positively to our direction and value proposition. We are unmatched in our ability to help our customers identify, track and manage assets, transactions and people through the supply chain and across the enterprise. We are off to a strong start to the year and we are optimistic about further growth. Let me cover some of the highlights of our first quarter results. Strong order rates in our Specialty Printing business throughout the quarter propelled high double-digit growth in international territories. Our EMEA region had key wins in retail, hospitality, transportation and logistics and government verticals to help deliver our second consecutive quarter of record sales.  Growth was particularly robust in Germany, Eastern Europe, the Benelux and Iberia. We further strengthen our presence in the developing markets for Specialty Printing Solutions in Russia and India. Business conditions in EMEA remained favorable as we entered the second quarter.  In Latin America, improved business execution, a strong supplies business and solid performance across nearly all printer lines highlighted the quarter. Our team closed multiple deals across the region, including a large route accounting order for a major retailer in Mexico. In Asia Pacific, record sales were driven by a more focused organization and a healthy business pipeline. Sales growth was notably strong in China where we greatly expanded the number of resellers, many from non-AIDC industries on the success of our Partner First channel partner program, resulting in significant wins in retail and manufacturing. Progress in the region continued in expanding our presence in healthcare, government and transportation and logistics. Momentum remains high in this region where our solid opportunity pipeline gives us optimism for further growth. Solid business performance in North America was led by good business momentum through the channel, key wins in accounting, healthcare and retail and further diversification of our customer base.  During the quarter we delivered the initial phase of our first large-scale deployment of self service kiosks with a large retail customer. We also opened our newest label converting facility in Atlanta. This operation is already expanding our business by enabling quicker response to customers along the East Coast for genuine Zebra technologies.  During the quarter, Zebra Enterprise Solutions made operational progress on several fronts. Integration focused on assigning staff roles and responsibilities, developing integrated marketing plans and aligning product road maps. The business unit also delivered strong bookings in marine terminal operating systems and airport solutions. We've announced wins at terminals on the East Coast and Santos-Brasil Tecon terminal in Brazil. Each of these leading terminals replaced systems developed in house with Navis, a trend we expect to continue well into the future.  To strengthen Zebra Enterprise Solutions further, we recently acquired MSSI. This recognized global leader in ultra wide band radio technology is an excellent complement to our other RFID solutions. Ultra wide band is unique in its ability to deliver high precision tracking in environments with high levels of RF interference. MSSI has developed a solid base of business tracking personnel in hazardous environments such as refineries. It also has excellent wins with its Sapphire DART real-time location system in manufacturing, distribution, retail and government. Overall we are making significant progress on moving the business forward, supported by the strength of the Zebra brand. This is evidenced by record sales from our expanded geographic presence, ongoing customer demand for Zebras broad printer product line, the solid progress of the integration of Zebra Enterprise Solutions and its continued deployment of systems that improved end-to-end visibility in the supply chain, and the positive outlook for further growth. Now I will turn it back to Randy to provide a detailed review of first quarter results and guidance for the second quarter of 2008. I'll then return to discuss the transition in the CFO role.
Charles Whitchurch: Thank you, Anders and good morning. Before I get into the numbers I want to point out that we have now transitioned into segment reporting. Specifically, we are now breaking out results from our Enterprise Solutions business from our core specialty printing group. Results of each group reflect a fully burdened number in as much as we are allocating a portion of our corporate expenses to the business units that are in direct support of those units.  Both business units delivered solid financial results. The record sales were driven by strong international growth in SPG and sales contributions from all three acquisitions completed last year. We also made real progress on improving gross margin and controlling operating expenses in the core business.  Sales in the core specialty printing group were up a very respectable 11.3% with a full quarters contribution from WhereNet, Proveo and Navis, our Enterprise Solutions Group, contributed $21.5 million of first quarter sales, raising consolidated growth to 18.1% compared to last year.  Now from a product line perspective, hardware sales were $180.2 million an increase of 12.9% over last year and they made up 73.2% of total sales. Nearly all printer product lines contributed to this result with record sales of high performance, mid-range, and desktop printers. The percentage of sales from new printers increased for the second consecutive quarter to 19.1% compared with 16.6% for the fourth quarter of 2007 and 5.9% from the third quarter. Supply sales were $41.9 million, increasing by 10% and supplies comprised 17% of total sales in the quarter.  The richer revenue mix from the Navis acquisition is evident in the services and software line. This category increased to 168% to $25.2 million or 10.2% of total sales versus 6% in the fourth quarter of last year.  International growth was excellent, up 31.8% with India up 28.1% to a record $97.4 million. Sales in Latin America increased 27.6% to $16 million and Asia Pacific had a sharp increase in sales up 52.8%, which was a strong rebound from the 3.7% decline in the fourth quarter of 2007. Results in each of these regions were largely driven by strength in our core business. For the quarter, foreign exchange contributed $9.3 million in consolidated sales as the euro strengthened 15% over the first quarter of '07. First quarter sales in North America were $109.1 million, a record, and an increase of 4.4% over last year. Sales out from our North American distribution partners remained consistently strong throughout the quarter as did our rate of incoming orders. We did have more variability in our key account business, particularly with retailers, but a more diversified customer base and new solutions such as the Kiosk roll out that Anders mentioned offset some of the softness we saw in the retail sector. Consolidated gross margin reach 49.9% up from 47.8% a year ago. Gross margin in the SPG business unit increased nearly 1.5 points to 49.8% from 48.4% due to a richer product mix and product cost reductions. The predominately software and service-based revenues of the Zebra Enterprise Solutions contributed positively to gross margin at 50.4% for the quarter.  I might add here that the Enterprise Solutions Group in essence lost $2.3 million worth of reported sales in gross margin due to purchase accounting adjustments and the treatment of deferred revenue so in reality the sales were higher and the gross margin was higher in that group and overall that would have added another roughly four-tenths of a point in consolidated gross margin. So the gross margin profile of the company has improved rather materially over the course of the year through a combination of these acquisitions and the product cost reductions I just mentioned to you which were actually some of the first benefits we have seen from the outsourcing to Jabil because we are now manufacturing our printer circuit board assemblies completely in China and we have gotten some very nice cost reductions out of that.  Consolidated operating income was up 11.4% and delivered a GAAP operating margin of 16%. On a fully burdened basis, SPG operating margin was 27.4% up 1.7 percentage points to 27.4%. We maintain the control of our operating expenses in the Specialty Printing Group which was only up 5%. If you look at the numbers the operating expenses were up a rather astonishing percentage, something in the order of 29% but if you peel the onion back and you go back to the core business operating expenses were up actually only 5.2%. So it is really, really good operating expense control. Results for the Specialty Printing Group include $3.2 million in exit costs for the outsourcing initiative and less than $1 million for the relocation of our label conversion facility to Atlanta from Warwick, Rhode Island. These costs lowered earnings per share by roughly $0.03.  The vast majority of the increase in operating expenses relates to the acquisitions made during the course of 2007. Of course, included in these numbers is $4.5 million in the amortization of intangibles which is a $2.2 million increase over last years amortization.  Expenses for 123 R totaled $3.4 million versus $3.3 million last year, basically flat.  Investment income was $2.4 million. It is worth noting again here that we liquidated the vast majority of our fund-in-fund investments in the fourth quarter of 2007 and as of this moment we have only trace amounts left because of the details of unwinding these investments. The balance of the investment portfolio was invested in three categories of investment grade assets: municipal securities, government agencies and a small amount of corporate bonds. These assets are professionally managed by outside money managers.  Earnings per share came in at $0.42 on [66.6 million] diluted average shares. Free cash flow for the quarter was $28 million. The increase in receivables was due entirely to our acquisitions of specifically Navis and also of WhereNet.  Inventories were up modestly for the period and we ended the quarter with $306 million in cash and investments. During the quarter we repurchased roughly a little over 1 million shares of stock under our authorization to buy up to 3 million shares. Our guidance for the second quarter indicates 18% to 24% sales growth to a range of $248 million to $260 million with Specialty Printing sales $226 million to $235 million, and Zebra Enterprise Solutions sales of $22 million to $25 million. Earnings are expected to be in the range of $0.38 to $0.44 a share. Our forecast assumes gross profit margin in the range of 49% to 50% and GAAP operating expenses of $87 million to $92 million. We are estimating outsourcing costs in the second quarter of roughly $4.8 million.  That concludes my formal remarks. Thank you for your attention and I will turn the call back to Anders for some concluding remarks.
Anders Gustafsson: Thank you, Randy. Zebra is off to a strong start in 2008. Our activities to accelerate sales growth and increase profitability are delivering results. We have made solid progress on our 2008 strategic priorities. Our efforts to extend the global leadership in our core Specialty Printing business are delivering high growth in international regions. Our vertical market focus is enabling deeper penetration of industries with significant growth potential. The acquisitions we completed last year and most recently MSSI give us additional capabilities to deliver solutions that help our customers identify, attract and mange valued assets, people and transactions.  The globalization of world economies, including an increasing focus on supply chain efficiency and greater concern over safety and security continue to support high growth around the world for bar coding and other automatic identification solutions. Before we conclude the formal part of this call, let me turn to the other piece of news that we announced today, the transition of our Chief Financial Officer position from Randy to Mike Smiley. Many of you on the call today know Randy well. His numerous contributions to Zebras success since the IPO in 1991 have been significant. He has built our finance and IT organizations which supported our growth in annual sales from less then $50 million in 1991 to where we are today. Zebra's financial integrity and the credibility we have with the investors are largely attributable to Randys skills and leadership.  As the longest tenured member of Zebra senior management team, his contributions in building value for Zebra's stockholders extend well beyond finance. After 17 years on the job, Randy will be retiring from Zebra but I am sure he will be engaged in many new ventures, including more than a few Cubs games. We all wish Randy well in his future endeavors.  Mike Smiley, who will join Zebra on May 1, has been appointed Zebras new CFO. Mike brings a depth of experience in global finance, international technology operations, outsourcing and acquisitions that will play a critical role in bolstering Zebras ability to achieving its growth goals and move to the next level. He comes to Zebra from Tellabs where he had spent six years in financial and operating roles. Beginning with Treasury, he then headed up all of International Finance. He progressed to lead Global Finance for Supply Chain and all of product development.  Mike also held the position of interim CFO for the corporation which has annual sales of nearly $2 billion. Most recently, he served as general manager for the Tellabs Denmark division which is a global supplier of optical telecommunications equipment. I have known and worked with Mike for several years. He is an independent thinker who has the professionalism and high ethical standards that will make him a valued member of Zebras senior management team.  Now Id like to hand it back to Randy for a few final comments. 
Charles Whitchurch: Thank you, Anders. I want to take this opportunity to extend my thanks to our investors and analysts who have supported Zebra over the past 17 years. We have had a long relationship together and we worked very hard, I in particular worked very hard, to deal with you with as much honesty and integrity as possible in this role. I hope you will continue to regard Zebra for the quality of its organization, its management team and the outstanding opportunities that remain for this companys growth, which I believe are quite outstanding.  My work at Zebra has been very exciting, its been fulfilling, it has been very interesting. We have had quite a few colorful conference calls over the years. Being part of Zebra for the majority of my career, I've seen it grow into truly a global player has been very rewarding. It has been an honor to have worked with a great team of professionals here at Zebra and a great team of professionals among our investor base. It's the daily interaction with these people, yourselves among them, that will be quite honestly the hardest thing to leave behind.  So thank you for listening today. We'd like now to answer any questions you might have on our financial results for the quarter. Thank you.
Operator:   (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from Jeff Rosenburg - William Blair. 
Jeff Rosenburg - William Blair: Good morning. Congratulations Randy.
Charles Whitchurch :  For what? For the quarter or leaving?
Jeff Rosenburg - William Blair:  Its like when people graduate, you always congratulate them. Its certainly a milestone. Sorry to see you go, but happy for you.  I wanted to ask on North American sales, or maybe put differently, as you look at the ESG group, can you give us some sense of the geographic breakdown so when we look at the growth there, it seems like with the contribution I would have expected with Navis folding in that North American growth slowed some in the quarter. Can you comment on that specifically? The tone of business there overall?
Charles Whitchurch :  Obviously the split on the revenues from ESG are roughly 50-50. They have a very high proportion of international sales and getting our hands around this from a regional sales perspective, splitting the sales up the way we were able to do with Zebra at this point is not as easy as we would like. It is going to get a lot better over the course of the next several months.  They have got a very high component of international sales and I dont think it distorted the percentages materially in terms of what we are doing as a business, but we have clearly moved into a mode now where we are more international than we are domestic. That trend is going to continue. Weve had phenomenal growth outside the US; really, really phenomenal.
Jeff Rosenburg - William Blair:  So it looks like, looking at that, maybe there was some sequential decline in the first quarter. Now thats pretty normal seasonally, so would you say that there was anything unusual or any change in the tone of things?
Charles Whitchurch :  We did not have a sequential decline in the quarter. Our core business actually was sequentially up.
Jeff Rosenburg - William Blair:  Core business was sequentially up in the quarter?
Charles Whitchurch :  Yes, which as you correctly noted, I mean 
Jeff Rosenburg - William Blair:  In North America?
Charles Whitchurch :  That in itself is unusual because typically the core Zebra business is sequentially down fourth to first.
Jeff Rosenburg - William Blair:  I am saying in North America it was sequentially up in the core business? Okay. Then the other thing, the Asian business is -- I realize that looking at one quarter versus another has just been lumpy but it really was a dramatic improvement both quarter on quarter and year over year.
Charles Whitchurch :  Its also typically a weak quarter for us. In Asia Pacific, the first quarter is typically a weak quarter and it was a very strong quarter this quarter.
Jeff Rosenburg - William Blair:  So with that kind of a pop, anything in terms of larger orders there or anything unusual that creates the difficult compare? Just any color commentary on such an extraordinary gain from fourth to first?
Anders Gustafsson:
 : There were no real material one-time very large orders. It was very solid growth across the entire geography. Particularly China was very solid where we expanded the number of partners we work with quite substantially. So its just a solid growth overall. We had some new large retail customers in Australia that were probably the biggest individual increases that we saw.
Jeff Rosenburg - William Blair:  Randy didnt really say much about currency is it related to the benefits in gross margin and the improvement there, but I would think it would be significant. Do you have a sense of how much currency helped gross margin?
Charles Whitchurch :  Typically about 80% of the currency gain dropped right through operating profits. I mentioned to you before on a consolidated basis roughly 25% of our consolidated revenues are denominated in euros. The way the math works out for us, just given the expense structure and the revenue, about $0.80 of every dollar of foreign exchange gain drops through to both gross profit and operating profit.
Jeff Rosenburg - William Blair:  So we should take 80% of that $9.3 million and think of that as being a pretty direct contributor to gross profit. 
Charles Whitchurch :  Yes, you can do that if you want.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Chris Quilty - Raymond James. 
Chris Quilty - Raymond James:  I just wanted to clarify an earlier point there with regard to the North American business. It was up 4.4% year over year but if you look at the core barcode business stripping out the Enterprise Group, would that business have still been up year over year?
Charles Whitchurch :  Yes.
Chris Quilty - Raymond James:  Still at weak levels compared to historic results, can you give us a sense of is there a light at the end of the tunnel where you see demand picking up by year end or any discrete events either by vertical market or macro that you think might help the growth in North America?
Michael Terzich:  We do see a different composition in the North America business today, so while the business has been a little sluggish as you note, when we look at where we are getting contribution we have a much broader, diverse customer base in North America. So the manufacturing sector, the healthcare sectors for us have been very good. Retail has been a little sluggish and has been primarily sluggish in the big box side of our business. Weve picked up quite a bit of new tier 2 retail business that we noted in the prepared comments. Weve expanded some new technology into some of those retail customers via our kiosk platform.  So all in its been okay and we do see that if we can get a little bit of relief out of that retail sector, the other sectors are performing quite nicely for us.
Chris Quilty - Raymond James:  On the international business, great results there; seemed somewhat in contrast to the weakness that your biggest distributor, ScanSource, reported revenue-wise a couple of weeks ago. Any ideas there on what the divergence might have been?
Charles Whitchurch :  Well I think I would postulate that our business is a little bit different certainly than ScanSources business. As you go across the international markets we were very strong in a couple geographies where ScanSource does not have a distribution presence, though a very strong market for us was Brazil in Latin America. As you go across Europe I think there are some challenges, pan-European challenges, relative to some of the currency issues we talked about. ScanSource is facing competitors that are pricing in US currency and its creating some challenges for them. Our business, we have a little bit more flexibility on how we deal with those issues with our partner community in the region.
Chris Quilty - Raymond James:  I think Anders mentioned the new product contribution continuing to increase. Can you give us the specific number there?
Charles Whitchurch :  19.1%.
Chris Quilty - Raymond James:  Great. Thats definitely moving up. Finally on the OpEx guidance, 87 to 92, how come not lower now that you are getting rid of Randy?  Actually the real question is thats guidance for the second quarter; you have had a lot of new people coming on board and Im just wondering, does that guidance reflect a long-term trajectory for the year or is it fully reflective of all the recent hiring activity thats happened?
Charles Whitchurch :  First of all, most of the operating expense growth is attributable to the acquired companies. As I mentioned in my remarks, the core business, year-over-year operating expense growth is 5.2%. The headcount growth was actually less than that in the core business. We have acquired three, now four businesses, that are in different locations, they have different organizations, they have different expense structures and plus we have a bunch of expenses related to the amortization of the intangibles that are directly related to the acquisitions also. So there is a whole bunch of stuff moving around here.  I think longer term we fully expect to moderate the growth in the operating expense side of that part of the business, but while we are knitting this together and before we get the benefits of the integration and some of the systems we are putting in, I expect a run rate to be roughly right around this level for the duration of the year.  Were paying a lot of attention to it and the management in ESG are paying a lot of attention to it as well to make sure that the expense growth is consistent with our profitability objectives.
Anders Gustafsson:
 : We are clearly mindful of the overall economic backdrop in North America in particular and want to make sure we dont get caught out so we are watching both daily bookings rates and the expenses very carefully.
Chris Quilty - Raymond James:  Speaking of which, it just brings up a question you havent yet talked until this conference call about the Multispectral acquisition -- which obviously just happened -- but clearly prior to acquiring both companies they would have been viewed as competitors bringing different locating technologies to market. Can you just help us understand how easy it is to integrate at the technical level those two technologies which are very different in how they function? Can you bring it into a single platform or do you treat them as two still pipe technologies offered by one company? Or have you decided that yet?
Anders Gustafsson:
 : First, they are not really competitors. They are largely complementary applications. WhereNet has really a strong advantage when it comes to larger coverage areas, more the outdoor applications where the range of their antennas are much longer, up to 1,000 meters or yards but the accuracy, they are not quite as accurate as the MSSI. So, MSSI has a much stronger value proposition for more indoor applications where there is a lot of interference, where they can actually track down to a foot of accuracy.  So, generally we see them as being very complementary and from a technology perspective we will do some integration. Im not quite sure we will go all the way to have a single platform for both of these companies, but there are certainly lot of synergies that we can get from looking at which application we pursue and what features and functionality sets we develop in each of them.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Reik Read - Robert Baird. 
Reik Read - Robert Baird:  Mike, maybe this is for you. In the North America market you talked about a number of verticals. Can you comment too on transportation, logistics, DSD and then also maybe can you comment on the market versus what you guys are doing from a solution selling standpoint and how much that maybe benefiting you in excess of what the market is doing?
Michael Terzich:  A couple of things, Reik. In the transportation sector, our first quarter business was very good. So, the product and the solutions that we offer into that space, a lot of that product goes into applications that are used in shipping systems, manifest systems with the large transportation carriers and we had a very good quarter in that regard. I think thats fueled by a couple of things that are important to note in North America. The manufacturing space for us in North America was good. We think this was fueled by some increased export volumes. So we saw some good volume, good business growth in the manufacturing sector. Our big iron -- I think Randy mentioned our table product line had strong growth in the quarter.  The other proxy for us has been looking at labeling volume and when labeling volume is high that tends to correlate to a lot of parcels, a lot of tagging and we saw strong correlation there as well.  I think its just some of it is driven by some of the economy and I think export volume is increasing and I think we are taking advantage of that with our strong brand.
Reik Read - Robert Baird:  On the second part of that, Mike, can you talk a little bit about some of the things that you guys are doing from a solutions development perspective that may be helping you in addition to the marketplace?
Michael Terzich:  I think were getting a little bit of lift. When you look at the contribution of revenue from new products weve released a couple of products into the market that always create some opportunity, greater awareness of the Zebra brand. Weve been very vertically focused as a company so weve been doing quite a bit of trade activity, trade show activity, demand generation activity in each of those respective verticals. We are very much more boutique now in how we demonstrate our solution sets to the marketplace.  So I think we are just honing our marketing messages and being more specific and then following that up with some product releases that some of the market has been waiting for for some time and I think its paying dividends.
Reik Read - Robert Baird:  With the solution selling activity that you are doing, is that broad based amongst your resellers or is that limited to a more knowledgeable group at this point?
Michael Terzich:  Well its a little bit of both. You have partners that sell applications across multiple vertical markets and you have partners that focus on specific vertical markets. So there is a kind of an intersection and it appeals to both and I dont think it is anything specific to one group or another.
Reik Read - Robert Baird:  One follow-up on Europe, can you talk -- and may be this is too general, but you can break it down anyway you want -- can you talk a little bit about the market you talked as being pretty strong, but how much of that is a function of just what you might see as general market growth and how much of that is say greenfield opportunities like European Postal?
Michael Terzich:  I think in Europe we had a strong quarter as we noted and I think particularly there were some regions that really carried the day for us. We continue to see quite a bit of what I would call greenfield activity in the region that we titled CEE, Central and Eastern Europe, and its that same story that weve told over the years about manufacturing migration and there are parts of Western Europe that have been migrating to the region.  The Zebra brand is very strongly positioned there and when people set up residence in those locations we benefit so there is lots of infrastructure. If you look at foreign, if you look at direct foreign investment into those parts of the world they are very high and thats typically driven by multinational companies where we have got that strong brand presence and thats fueling some growth for us.  What was good to see is that some of our traditional regions -- UK, Germany -- were also very strong and those have been markets that we have been in for a long time and heavy manufacturing markets. So, everything has been very good.
Reik Read - Robert Baird:  So think about manufacturing and postal as really being two of the stronger ones in that regard? 
Michael Terzich:  Absolutely and quite a bit of retail. When I look at the key wins that we picked up in the quarter we saw a quite bit of retail activity unlike the States where the number of large volume deals were lower. Retail is hopping pretty well in parts of Europe.
Reik Read - Robert Baird:  Just going to back to the Enterprise Group and integration, can you guys maybe outline what major activities or milestones you might see coming up in the next couple of quarters and with any of those activities would you have an expectation that there would be any of these one-time charges in the second or third quarter?
Anders Gustafsson:
 : I am not sure if I understand -- what type of milestones are you thinking about?
Reik Read - Robert Baird:  Well just in terms of obviously youre integrating two different companies that have salesforce and IT and infrastructure issues; I dont know if there is any major kind of milestones as part of your project planning that would be coming on. 
Anders Gustafsson:
 : I think on the integration part were already pretty established in the organization structure. All the key leaders are named and in place. We are working on refining our long-term product roadmap to ensure that we know exactly what functionality we want to add by when and which verticals we want to target by order of priorities, so sequencing from that perspective.  There is no expected one-time charges to come out of the EST Group from any restructuring or anything like that of that is what youre referring to.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Ajit Pai - Thomas Weisel. 
Ajit Pai - Thomas Weisel:  Just looking at the Enterprise Group, could you give us some idea as to what the trajectory in terms of reaching breakeven will be? In the current quarter what the cash flows on a quarterly basis of that business look like?
Charles Whitchurch :  I dont have the data for you on the cash flows for the business at this point. However, we do expect the enterprise group to be profitable in the third quarter.
Ajit Pai - Thomas Weisel:  Looking at that group, I think you gave a revenue expectation for the coming quarter of about $23 million to $25 million for that business?
Charles Whitchurch :  $22 million to $25 million, right.
Ajit Pai - Thomas Weisel:  Right. Thats lower than the revenue run rate if you just consolidate the trailing revenues of the businesses youve already bought. So is there some kind of slowdown there, anticipation of a slowdown in that business?
Charles Whitchurch :  First of all, there are two factors playing against us right here. One is first of all its a lumpy business. Second of all, you have to take into account that those are GAAP revenues and that we do lose like we did this quarter, we will lose in the second quarter a certain portion of revenue due to the purchase accounting treatment of deferred revenues when we acquired the company.  So probably on a non-GAAP basis the revenues would probably be -- Im going to guess here now $3 million to $4 million higher than what we are guiding to at this point. Now we should be through that knot hole pretty much by the end of the second quarter, I think there is going to be some residual going into the third quarter but certainly by the fourth quarter we are going to be completely through that revenue recognition/purchase accounting issue.
Ajit Pai - Thomas Weisel:  Got it. When you look at the core set of business youve talked about the transportation and industrial verticals in North America and on the retail side you said its weak. But do you see any signs that its weakening further from the current levels?
Michael Terzich:  No, I would say that our business in North America has been soft but I wouldnt qualify it as weak. What I had said earlier was that while there has been some large lot business that has been deferred because of the state of the economy and a lot of that IT spending is driven off of detailed same-store sales, what weve picked up is we diversified our retail customer base and so we picked up some nice business to offset that. When I look at the activity pipeline at that tier 2 retail level its pretty good, so just a little clarification on the comment.
Anders Gustafsson:
 : Just to add to that, I think if you look at our overall business now we are much more diversified than weve been historically. So were much less dependent on say even in retail on a few large customers. Were now much deeper into the retail segment as a vertical; we are much broader as far as the verticals we do address and serve and were much more global which has obviously been a big part of the results now and we also have a broader product solution set.  So I think all of those things makes us more diversified as a business and less dependent on any one customer or any one vertical.
Ajit Pai - Thomas Weisel:  When you look at your overall business right now and the kind of trajectory, the margin profile that you are guiding to on a go-forward basis, why wouldnt your margins be increasing on a go-forward basis more materially? You are already at the high end of the range you guided to for next quarter. Why wouldnt it be going further up?
Charles Whitchurch :  Well, nothing goes up forever, for starters. When we look at the sales mix in the second quarter, it was a little less rich than the first quarter. We had an extraordinarily rich revenue mix and there was more weighting of high performance line and mid-range printer products. We had a nice increase in average selling price of the printers both sequentially and year over year. When we look forward at the mix that we were expecting in the second quarter -- and again subject to the vagaries that it is virtually impossible to forecast mix -- we came out with a gross margin that was slightly down sequentially than what we reported in the first quarter.
Ajit Pai - Thomas Weisel:  Got it. During your Analyst Day you talked a lot about the fact that even though the card printer business has been a part of Zebra for quite a while now that the synergies hadnt been fully captured between the card printer side of things and the other printers that you have through the channel.  Could you give us some color as to some initiatives there and do you expect some impact of that over the next couple of quarters?
Anders Gustafsson:
 : Theres two areas that we can talk about. First is on the supply chain side as we are progressing with our outsourcing program with Jabil, and we have now put together an integrated common supply chain organization for all of our printer products. So we have a common interface with Jabil, we had the same group of people managing all the transitional product lines. We minimize the risk of having to relearn mistakes twice and also it ensures that we can deal more comprehensively with our outsourcing partners and make sure we can leverage all the volume discounts and so forth that we can get through that.  The other side is on the sales and marketing front. I think theres two areas that we can talk about from leverage there. One is that SPS has a broader geographic coverage today than the one that CPS has. It has already been able to make more investments in resources and infrastructure in emerging markets for instance and we can now better leverage that investment to also drive revenues for CPS without having to make the commensurate investment in resources.  The other one is that we have the strong channel management organization within SPS which we can also utilize to drive and improve the channel programs we have in CPS.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Greg Halter - Great Lakes Review. 
Greg Halter - Great Lakes Review:  Randy Id like to thank you for your precise answers over the last nine years that we worked with you.
Charles Whitchurch:  Youre welcome.
Greg Halter - Great Lakes Review:  You briefly touched on the number of printers shipped and ASP but do you have those specific numbers for the quarter?
Charles Whitchurch:  242,000 printers shipped and the average selling price was 614.
Greg Halter - Great Lakes Review:  The cost of the share repurchase, if I look at the cash flow statement it gives me $24.6 million but that cant be -- 
Charles Whitchurch:  We purchased a little over 1 million shares and the average price was roughly $33 a share, something in that range.
Greg Halter - Great Lakes Review:  Anything purchased so far in 08, this quarter?
Charles Whitchurch:  Yes.
Greg Halter - Great Lakes Review:  Congrats on Jabil, youre seeing the benefits already; it appears youre ahead of schedule I guess. I am just wondering whats next in regard to that initiative?
Anders Gustafsson:
 : First as I said I dont think we would consider to be ahead of schedule. I think we are tracking roughly with our plans. Were probably a little behind on the actual line transfers. We wanted to make sure we really staffed them appropriately, to make sure we had the right quality coming out of our manufacturing there and eliminate any risk of quality issues for us.  But weve seen greater than expected opportunities for material cost savings. I think overall we are on track with the program at this stage.
Greg Halter - Great Lakes Review:  On the new product side, obviously the 19.1 is a dramatic improvement which is very good to see. Any specific products that youd like to mention that came out in the quarter or anything that you see coming going forward through the rest of 08?
Anders Gustafsson:
 : I think for Q2 we expect the number to be similar to what we had in Q1 and our expectation is it will inch up a little bit in the second half of the year.
Charles Whitchurch :  Were seeing acceleration on some products. Typically because so much of our business flow through channel, products that are launched in the quarter, you really dont see traction from a revenue standpoint for about two quarters. So, what youre seeing is products that have been recently released that are gaining momentum in the marketplace. So, weve seen some nice acceleration to some products both the ZM Series product that has gone through a refresh recently. We have released over the course of the last year some products in the mobile space and even the product that had been released over a year ago is starting to pick up significant traction and that is the S4M product.  So thats typically the way it flows out. It takes a couple of quarters for the channel to get their hands around it and then embed it into some of the opportunities that they are pursuing.
Greg Halter - Great Lakes Review:  If you could comment on your opportunities in the merger/acquisition area?
Charles Whitchurch :  One comment: theres lots of them. Thats a precise answer for you. Theres a lot of things going on.
Anders Gustafsson:
 : You mean talk about the priorities we have for that?
Greg Halter - Great Lakes Review:  Sure, sure.
Anders Gustafsson:
 : The first priority we had was to make sure we got the organization bedded down and get everybody clear about what their roles are and how were going to drive the business forward. I think we achieved that in the first quarter and the organization is now in place and working well together. One of the priorities we continue to work on which is never going to be quite done but I think we made good progress and we continue to work hard on that in Q2 was to really nail down all our product roadmaps and understand exactly what feature functionality set we want put it on each product and which market opportunities we want to pursue in sequence from each of these product lines.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Jeremy Grant - Stanford Group. 
Jeremy Grant - Stanford Group:  Congrats on a solid quarter. Since Im at the back of the queue Ill see if can dig in on a few things we havent done yet. First question was looking at overall growth 18.1%, about $9.3 million from the benefits of our awful dollar which if I do the quick math shows that actual growth would have been right around lets say 13.6%.  Digging deeper into that printer sales up 11.3% if I exclude the dollar impact, what would the actual growth rate have been there?
Charles Whitchurch :  We dont have that figure for you.
Jeremy Grant - Stanford Group:  On OpEx, I understand where things are up particularly with the acquisitions. One number that was down was sequentially with sales and marketing which I think was $35 million and change last quarter and down this quarter. Why such a big reduction this time?
Michael Terzich:  Jeremy, this is Mike. A couple of reasons. One, there is a little bit of a timing impact in Q1 and we expect some of that to bounce back up and its a part of our Q2 guidance, particularly in North America.  Secondly we had gone through an exercise at the very end of last year where we integrated several organizations within North America and as a consequence of that integration we picked up some efficiencies so the rate of spend and the rate of increase is going to be much less as part of the 08 operating plan.
Jeremy Grant - Stanford Group:  Talking a bit about the outsourcing effort, I think the original guidance for Q1 was $4.8 million and it came in the $3 million range and I think Anders had mentioned that things were actually moving a just a little bit behind where you expected. Is that why we had the lower number reported in Q1?
Charles Whitchurch :  Yes, and also we made a few changes to the plan as to what we move and what we actually build in China from a tools perspective which I think had an impact on the Q1 expenses.
Jeremy Grant - Stanford Group:  Does that mean the overall cost over the six-quarter period is going to be a little cheaper or some of these costs is going to get pushed out a little further to the right?
Anders Gustafsson:
 : No, I think we feel that the overall plan still is intact so the total overall timing as we talked about earlier still holds and the overall cost and the cost improvements are still intact.
Jeremy Grant - Stanford Group:  Some things were just sprinkled around in some other quarters then with that. Now thats helpful. Can you talk a little bit more about the latest acquisition. Have you guys announced how much you paid for it or what the revenue rate is?
Anders Gustafsson:
 : No, we have not announced how much we paid nor the revenue but its a small tuck-in acquisition and revenues are less than $10 million.
Jeremy Grant - Stanford Group:  This is not really factored much into guidance being a little higher than where the industry has been?
Anders Gustafsson:
 : Thats correct. This is a small tuck-in that we think makes ultimate strategic sense in that it really expands our leadership position within real-time location systems. We now can address a much broader set of solutions particularly in the indoor manufacturing sites and also with some exciting opportunities around personnel safety in very hazardous work environments.
Jeremy Grant - Stanford Group:  Looking more at where this digs in with the Enterprise Solutions, was there a comment more on that side?
Anders Gustafsson:
 : No, no.
Jeremy Grant - Stanford Group:  I heard some chatter. I know I think the 2007 pro forma figure for Enterprise Solutions was right around $100 million and Im not sure if you guys gave specific guidance for this year but I know in the Analyst Day slides you were talking about a CAGR in this group of say 17% to 24% between now and 2011. So Q1 came in I think $21.5 million and I understand that the deferred revenue issue might have pulled that up to say $25 million or so.  The question is, is this whole unit on pace for growth do you think to exceed $100 million this year and about where should that come? If not, what are some of the issues?
Anders Gustafsson:
 : We specifically didnt provide guidance for the year. I think we are comfortable with the long-term growth rate that we discussed at our Analyst Day and we are also comfortable that business is performing as we expect it to.
Jeremy Grant - Stanford Group:  Obviously the currency gain particularly with the euro strengthening against the dollar was notable this quarter. Are your assumptions in guidance for Q2 that currency exchange rates stay right around where there are?
Anders Gustafsson:
 : Thats correct.
Charles Whitchurch: I think that weve reached the end of our hour. I realize its a busy time for you guys so were going to defer any further questions to follow-up phone calls, should you decide to make them. Just a reminder, although I wont be here, these guys will. July 23rd is the next call at which time Zebra will hopefully deliver some really terrific results for the second quarter. Thanks for your participation. Good day.

===== 2007 Q4  (2008-02-25 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Charles Whitchurch - CFO Anders Gustafsson - CEO Mike Terzich - SVP, Global Sales and Marketing, Specialty Printer Solutions
Analysts: Jeff Rosenberg - William Blair Chris Quilty  Raymond James Reik Read - Robert W. Baird Ajit Pai - Thomas Weisel Partners Greg Halter - Great Lakes Review
Presentations:
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Zebra Technologies fourth quarter earnings release conference call. Joining us from Zebra Technologies are Mr. Charles Whitchurch, CFO, and Mr. Anders Gustafsson, CEO, of Zebra Technologies. All lines will be in listen-only mode until after today's presentation. Instructions will be given at that time in order to ask questions. At the request of Zebra Technologies this conference call is being tape recorded. Should anyone have any objections please disconnect at this time. At this time, I would like to introduce Mr. Charles Whitchurch, CFO of Zebra Technologies. Sir, you may begin.
Charles Whitchurch: Good morning, thank you for joining us today to discuss Zebra's fourth quarter financial results. Certain statements we'll make on this call will relate to future events or circumstances, and therefore, will be forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as expect, believe, anticipate are few examples of the words identifying the forward-looking statement. Forward-looking information is subject to various risks and uncertainties, which could significantly affect expected results. Risk factors were noted in the news release we issued this morning, and are also described in Zebra's 10-K for the year ended December 31st, 2006, which is on file with the SEC. Now let me turn the call over to Anders Gustafsson for some brief opening remarks.
Anders Gustafsson: Thank you, Randy, and good morning, everyone. I've asked Mike Terzich to join Randy and me on the call today. Mike leads global sales and marketing for our Specialty Printing Solutions business unit. We had a solid finish to an important year of change for Zebra with record sales and record EPS for our fourth quarter of 2007. Sales for the period reflect the increasing impact of our vertical market focus, the account activities and ongoing international expansion. We achieved another quarter of gross margin improvement and our activities towards similar efficient product development process began to yield results. During the fourth quarter, we completed the Navis acquisition and began integrating its operations with WhereNet and proveo to form our new enterprise solutions business unit. This past quarter positions Zebra well in several high growth segments. It gives us leading positions in effective verticals. And enables us to deliver a broader range of solutions that help our customers identify, track and manage; assets, transactions and people through the supply chain and across the enterprise. We also laid the foundation for a global supply chain to support sales in high growth regions and lower product costs. This move to outsource final assembly of our printer products will enhance Zebra's to a competitive position in our core specialty printing solutions business. Overall, the change that began in 2007, and has continued in 2008, positions Zebra for improving growth and financial performance in 2008 and beyond. Let me cover some of the highlights in our fourth quarter results. Our EMEA region concluded an excellent year with a strong finish. Sales growth for the quarter was particularly robust in the UK and the Middle East; with sales to customers in retail, postal and law enforcements. Eastern Europe is now benefiting from the label conversion and distribution facilities opened in Poland in the latter half of 2007. The region maintained good momentum going into this year. Similarly, sales in Latin America maintained solid performance across nearly all printer product lines with especially strong sales to customers in Mexico and Brazil. Throughout the year, Latin America has been a leader in the adoption of mobile workforce solutions. The fourth quarter was reinforced by several wins in route accounting. Asia Pacific performed as expected in a year that ended well above expectations. Growth for Greater China continued in the quarter, the result of a more focused execution oriented sales and marketing organization. In addition, the sharper focus on pursuing larger opportunities resulted in a number of wins in manufacturing and government based projects. Asia is positioned for a solid start in Q1 with a nice backlog of business going into the quarter. We continued to gain traction in our vertical market activities with several large wins from mobile workforce, retail, and other verticals in North America. Our focus on key accounts secured several direct store delivery wins, which incorporate Zebra mobile printers. We also did a good job in retail by diversifying our customer base and increasing the number of applications we sell into this important vertical. These applications include the sale of the first large scale rollout of self service kiosk. We were also pleased with our efforts in healthcare. Sales into this attractive vertical with a focus on patient safety increased 35% for the year. Finally let me spend a moment on our acquisitions. Both WhereNet and proveo had solid bookings in the quarter and contributed modestly to sales. Wins during the quarter include a WhereNet installation with a major container shipping company and proveo won its third installation at the UK airport. These companies went into 2008 with good business momentum. Overall for the quarter we made considerable progress in securing higher sales growth and greater profitability for Zebra. Record sales and earnings demonstrate the ongoing strength of our core specialty printing solutions businesses. The Navis acquisition and formation of the Zebra Enterprise Solutions business group positions us to deliver a broader range of enterprise solution to customers in targeted verticals. Zebra now has a unique set of capabilities and scale to deliver a broader range of solutions that help our customers identify, track and manage; valued assets, transactions and people. Now I'll turn it back to Randy to provide a detailed review of fourth quarter results and guidance for the first quarter of 2008.
Charles Whitchurch: Thank you, Anders. First, an overview. The fourth quarter was a strong period for Zebra, and our outlook for the first quarter of this year is equally positive. Sales were at record levels, gross margin expanded and earnings exceeded the top end of our guidance to a record $0.45 a share. New printer products accelerated the 16.5% of total printer sales, sequentially up from 5.1% last quarter. Our core business growth was solid and bookings continued strong throughout the quarter. Sales growth clearly benefited from our acquisitions of WhereNet, proveo and Navis which was completed on December 14th and from foreign exchange. We also completed a Board authorized share buyback, continuing our commitment to strategically redeploy cash and boost stockholder returns. On the downside operating expenses were above guidance. Now let's look at some of the details. Sales in the fourth quarter were $233.6 million, a record, increasing 11.3% over an unusually strong fourth quarter of 2006. For the full year, sales were $868.3 million, also a record, and 14.3% ahead of last year. Excluding acquired growth, Zebras' core printer and supplies business increased 3.5% over an unusually strong 4Q '06, and was up 2.9% sequentially, which in this case I believe is a better indication of the real strength of our core business. For the full year, our core business growth was 9.7%. We believe this exceeds overall industry growth. Acquired companies had sales of $35.2 million for the full year, significantly short of our initial expectations, and due largely we believe to weakness in the automotive sector. Fourth quarter revenue contribution from acquired companies was $16.3 million. This number includes two weeks of financial results from Navis. For the quarter, foreign exchange contributed $8.1 million to consolidated sales as the Euro strengthened 12.4% over the last year. For the full year, exchange rate movements contributed $23.3 million to sales. Hardware sales were $177.4 million, an increase of 8.8% over the last year and comprised 76% of total sales. Supply sales were $41.6 million, up 7.8% and 17.8% of total sales. Service and software sales were $14.2 million. This was an increase of a 103%, and shows the emerging impact of our acquired companies on Zebra's revenue profile. These sales represented 6% of total sales in the quarter, a figure that will increase substantially over the next several periods. Next quarter or this quarter, we'll be reporting our results on a segmented basis, with the results of our acquired companies combined under a single segment Zebra Enterprise Solutions. Geographically, we have very strong results from our international regions, combined they are up 19.5%, with exceptionally strong results in EMEA, up 26.1% and $93.9 million, aided of course by the strength of the Euro. Sales in Latin America increased 11.5% to $16.1 million, although Asia-Pacific sales decreased 3.7% in the quarter, this was against the very strong comparison. For the full year, Asia-Pacific sales increased an impressive 17.1% versus 12.1% for Latin America and 21% for EMEA. Full year international growth was 19.1% compared 9.6% in North America. Fourth quarter sales in North America were $108.1 million, an increase of 3.1% over last year, but against a very tough comparison. Sequential growth was 2.9%, a very solid result and more representative of the genuine progress we are making in our vertical market programs. A key indicator of our business in North America is sales out from distribution partners. This statistic remained consistently strong throughout the quarter, as did our rate of incoming orders. Gross profit margin increased both comparatively and sequentially to 48.5%, the highest in two years. Gross margin was favorably affected by foreign exchange, but these gains were largely offset by inventory reserve adjustments and warranty charges. Our program to eliminate loss related manufacturing variances is now essentially complete, as we begin to accelerate our program to outsource production. Over the course of 2008, we expect $10 million of incremental outsourcing expenses to his gross margin, with another $8 million to $9 million affecting operating expenses. As I cited earlier, operating expense growth was an area of disappointment in the quarter. Our reported increase of 5.2% to $76 million is modest, but last year's spending was boosted by a large one-time charge. Navis was clearly not in the quarterly guidance and accounted for $1.4 million of the miss. In addition we moved forward with some changes in our organization, which resulted in unforecasted severance expenses. The balance of the miss was attributed simply to timing of expense recognition, and frankly a forecast error on expenses related to our outsourcing project and 123 R stock option expense. Investment income was an unusually high, $8.5 million. During the quarter, we began liquidating our fund of fund investments, which caused approximately $4.2 million of accumulated profits previously carried on the balance sheet to move on to our P&L this quarter. The balance of the income is attributable to our core investment portfolio. Comment here about our investments. We are invested in three categories of investment-grade assets, municipal securities, government agencies, and the small amount of corporate bonds with the majority being AAA rated. The minimum underlying credit of our municipal bonds is A minus. As a result, we have not and do not expect to be affected by the current turmoil in the credit markets. Earnings per share came in above guidance at $0.45, a record, on 67.9 million diluted average shares outstanding. Couple of brief comments on the balance sheet. First, as you might expect, cash is down, both as a result of the Navis acquisition, as well as share repurchase activity during the quarter. During the quarter, we've repurchased 1.8 million shares for a total cash outlay of approximately $63 million. You'll also note that goodwill and intangibles are up, both the direct result of the Navis acquisition. One final comment on the balance sheet. DSO increased to 59 days reflecting again the impact of Navis, whose customer base has longer payment cycles than the traditional Zebra customer. Cash and investments at year end totaled $281 million. Our guidance for the first quarter calls for sales in the range of $238 million to $255 million and earnings of between $0.36 and $0.44 a share. Our forecast assumes gross profit margin in the range of 47% to 49%, and GAAP operating expenses of $78 million to $84 million. It is important to note that these numbers reflect the impact of purchase accounting rules that do not allow us to recognize approximately $4.8 million of Navis deferred revenue. In addition, we will be incurring approximately $4.7 million of incremental expenses directly related to our outsourcing projects in the first quarter. In combination, these factors impact earnings by $0.09 a share. For the full year, the purchase accounting impact on revenues from Navis will be between $8 million and $9 million. It should be fully reflected by the end of the third quarter and affect earnings by approximately $0.07 to $0.08. The incremental expense of the outsourcing project for the full year is expected to be approximately $18 million, split between cost of goods sold and operating expense. The impact on earnings will be approximately $0.18 a share. Despite the reports of impending recession in the US, our business remains robust. Order rates continue to be strong, but we are obviously sensitive to all the recession talk, and we are closely monitoring our customer base for signs of weakness. We continue to be optimistic about the quarter and the full year.  That concludes my formal remarks, thank you for your attention. Now here is Anders for some concluding comments.
Anders Gustafsson: Thank you, Randy. Zebra's performance in 2007 was the result of investments made over the years to extend our global presence, build stronger channels, and serve customers in targeted vertical markets better, with innovative and reliable products. During the year, we initiated new activities to extend our leadership in specialty printing solutions even further. We have also invested in attractive businesses that are our natural adjacencies to our core business. These business offer higher growth potential and will enable us to serve customers better with a broader range of technologies and solutions to identify, track and manage valued assets. In 2008, we will build on this activities to accelerate growth and increase profitability. Within specialty printing, we will maintain our global expansion activities. Globalization of world economies, increased focus on supply chain efficiency, and greater concern over safety and security, continue to support high growth around the world for bar-coding and other automated identification solutions. Our plans for supporting these global expansion efforts include a deeper penetration of targeted vertical markets. Our success in healthcare, by focusing strategically on solutions for specific applications is an excellent model for further expansion into retail mobile workforce and government, as well as manufacturing, and transportation and logistics. Much of this focus will be accomplished with a mission to increase Zebra's involvement with the customer. Our drive towards greater customer intimacy will help us deliver new solutions that truly meets their further printing and identification needs. Our focus going forward will also be on cost control and margin expansion. Earlier this month we announced an initiative to move final assembly of Zebra printers to a third party electronics manufacturer in China. We calculated the upfront cost for this program at $24 million to $26 million, with about $18 million to be incurred in 2008. Financial benefits are expected to begin accruing in 2009, with a full impact, currently projected at $25 million to $30 million hitting in 2010. We are also well aware of the needs to manage operating expenses, particularly in the face of a potential economic slowdown. Capturing synergies across our business will be another activity we will be undertaking this year to unlock value within Zebra. Some of the opportunities we are finding to save cost and drive growth include consolidating printer manufacturing into a single supply chain emerging card and bar code sales in emerging organizations, and consolidating our Warwick label conversion facility with our newly opened operation in Avena. Acquisition integration is also top priority for Zebra in 2008. During the year, we will combine the data acquisition technologies and solutions that WhereNet and proveo brought to Zebra, with Navis' enterprise systems. The combination of these elements give Zebra a unique end-to-end solutions that maximizes our customer's visibility over their supply chain. We are truly excited about bringing these businesses under one roof and believe they were an excellent investment for Zebra. The first stages of reconsolidation in to Zebra in 2008 has gone well. Let me conclude with a comment on capital efficiency. As Randy mentioned, we bought back 3 million shares of Zebra stock in 2007. Today we announced that the Board has authorized the purchase of an additional 3 million shares. We believe acquiring the Zebra stock is a vote of confidence in Zebra's future and a good use for the excess cash that we generate. Going forward we intend to be more deliberate in our buybacks, mindful of cash needs for acquisitions and other corporate activities. Thank you for your attention. We appreciate your time and interest in Zebra. And before we open the call for questions I want to remind you about Zebra's upcoming Analyst Day, which will be held in New York city this Friday. Please check our website for details and registration. And we would now be happy to answer any questions you may have.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from the line of Jeff Rosenberg of William Blair.
Jeff Rosenberg - William Blair:  Good morning.
Charles Whitchurch: Good morning.
Anders Gustafsson: Good morning.
Jeff Rosenberg - William Blair: Randy, could you breakdown for us on the $4.7 million for outsourcing expenses, how is that split this quarter between cost of good sold and operating expenses?
Charles Whitchurch: Later in the call, I can. I don't have that handy right with me now Jeff, why don't you just contact me later. Normally for the full year it is $10 million of COGS and $8 million of OpEx, so you can proportionalize the first quarter roughly along the same lines or maybe pretty close.
Jeff Rosenberg - William Blair: Okay, and just in terms of looking at the acquired growth, can you give us how much acquired growth we should assume or hold in Navis, in the first quarter and or I think, remind us what that would have been in the first quarter.
Charles Whitchurch: Im not going to segment the guidance at this point Jeff. I think I'd like to make a comment at the analyst day.
Jeff Rosenberg - William Blair: Okay, but just in terms of how we think about those the seasonality, if you will in those $60 million that weve talked before granular, can you give any sort of help, Id like to understands what the core business is doing, quarter-on-quarter in Q1?
Charles Whitchurch: Quarter-on-quarter in Q1, you can, okay. You can anticipate that the core business will do somewhat in the range of $213 million to $225 million with the balance coming from the acquisitions, the Enterprise Solutions group.
Jeff Rosenberg - William Blair: Okay, alright.
Charles Whitchurch: But that as far as, Im going to go. Any more information you have to get from us out at Analyst Day.
Jeff Rosenberg - William Blair: All right, well, Ill be there. And then last question I'll ask you is just for some color on the strength in the acquired revenue in Q4 versus throughout the course of the year. I assume that that wasnt too much of that due to proveo. So it sounds like a pretty positive lump of revenue in WhereNet maybe some color there in terms of what happened there?
Charles Whitchurch: We had a good increase in activity in the Enterprise Solutions group in the fourth quarter. We mentioned in our comments that overall for the year, we were disappointed in the revenue results from WhereNet in particular, and this is largely attributable we believe to some weakness in the automotive sector, which caused some order deferrals. So, again, in the fourth quarter the results were actually pretty positive. So, were going into the year with some momentum and we are pretty encouraged about the direction of the business right now.
Jeff Rosenberg - William Blair: And can you give us a little bit of just how much of that we should consider to be lumpiness in big orders that come through versus, visibility into that really sustaining?
Charles Whitchurch: I really rather not provide any more color at this point.
Jeff Rosenberg - William Blair: Okay, alright thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Chris Quilty with Raymond James.
Chris Quilty  Raymond James: Good morning gentlemen.
Anders Gustafsson: Good morning.
Charles Whitchurch: Good morning.
Chris Quilty - Raymond James: Just wanted to clear up an item Randy, on the guidance here and the forward treatment of deferred revenues. Well it's sort of a new item, so if you can give us your philosophy?
Charles Whitchurch:
 :
Chris Quilty  Raymond James: Fair enough.
Charles Whitchurch: I think acquisition of software companies just has this weird result and we are just going to have to live with it and that's it.
Chris Quilty  Raymond James: Okay. But you do on a cash basis recognize the deferred revenue?
Charles Whitchurch: Yeah.
Chris Quilty  Raymond James: Okay, so I mean, I guess the point I am getting to is midpoint of your guidance is $0.40, you've got the charge for restructuring, which is 4.5; let's call it $0.05. If you reported $0.45, it would be in line with what the guidance was. The deferred revenue is something that's going to be picked up in a forward quarter and shouldn't be something that would be backed out of what we had modeled.
Charles Whitchurch: Let's talk about this offline, but yeah, it should be because we're not getting credit for this revenue and consequently, we're not getting credit for the profit on the revenue.
Chris Quilty  Raymond James: Okay, fair enough.
Charles Whitchurch: So in the first quarter that's going to have a negative impact on our results of $0.04, if we were able recognize that deferred revenue, our earnings would have been $0.04 higher but we can't and those are just the rules, we have to live with it.
Chris Quilty  Raymond James: Okay. With regard to geographical sales, I know you dont give a breakout on the acquired revenues, but is it fair to assume then if we backed out the acquired revenues, North America probably would have looked negative on a strong year ago comp?
Charles Whitchurch: Thats right.
Chris Quilty  Raymond James: Okay. And I think you and.
Anders Gustafsson: Excuse me slightly positive, right. Very slightly positive or very basically even flat.
Chris Quilty  Raymond James: Okay. And you indicated that the Q4 over Q3 is a better indicator, but Q4 is always up over Q3. So just in general...
Charles Whitchurch: Not to the extent that fourth quarter was last year. I mean, we had just a huge surge in the fourth quarter of last year which was quite unusual on a sequential basis, even for Zebra. We are typically, that is typically the strongest quarter of the year for us, but it's not that strong.
Chris Quilty  Raymond James: Okay.
Charles Whitchurch: As it was last year. I think we went from $208 million to $217 million. I mean, it is just a 
Anders Gustafsson: 187 to 209.
Charles Whitchurch: 187 to 209, thats right.
Chris Quilty  Raymond James: Alright. But just in general, the outlook for the North American business. Is there anything about either that you are hearing from the channel or from large orders in the pipeline that would give you any kind of confidence about how North America is going to pan out the year ahead?
Mike Terzich: Hey. Chris. This is Mike Terzich. I will take that. The couple of things that I thought were very interesting in the way the year finished. And a lot has been discussed relative to retail outlook, which is a big portion of our business in North America. And the composition of our business has changed for the positive. And what I mean by that is we have been less dependent now on a go forward basis with some of the big box retail business that we had seen in the past. And so we have built a nice diversity to our retail business, which really helped as we exited the year. From an outlook standpoint, I think we mentioned in the prepared remarks that sales from our distribution channel is a very healthy proxy for the state of our business, and that number continues to impress us. It's been very solid and we don't see a letup on the rate of bookings that we are seeing from that portion of the business. But we actually feel that we exited the year in better health in North America than we've seen over the last fourth quarters.
Anders Gustafsson: I guess add to that we can say also that our manufacturing sector has been performing well in the US, partly, in think, pulled by the weakness in the US dollar.
Chris Quilty  Raymond James: Great, okay. Thank you gentlemen.
Operator: Our next question comes from Reik Read with Robert W Baird.
Reik Read - Robert W Baird: Hey, good morning. Just to follow up on that, I mean it just seems like a lot of the strength that you guys are seeing right now is in that core business and in some respects the end market looks so, so neither good nor bad. But can you guys pinpoint little bit more in terms of what's driving that, is it a couple of specific verticals that are seeing some strength? Is it the diversification that you are talking about in retail? Is it new products? Any color you can provide there would be helpful?
Anders Gustafsson: I guess the first point would be, I think we see the base business is being quite strong at the moment and there is lot's of trends I think in the industry that will give us some level of confidence that that would continue for sometime. There is, all the supply chains are getting much longer and more complex and more focused on cost reduction, supply chain agility and so forth, drives a lot more investments into supply chain. And I think that that is something we expect that we will be well paced to take advantage of also. We have seen I think in the U.S. certainly a pretty robust base business, our vertical market activities are working out quite well for us so far. I think that several of them are growing quite nicely. I think I mentioned in my opening remarks that healthcare was up 35% and also I think there is still a lot of growth coming from the international markets. So overall I think our core business is doing quite well and we feel it is being quite robust and we believe we are taking share.
Reik Read - Robert W Baird: For a long time, we have all been discussing healthcare in these conference calls. Is there something that you guys are seeing different that's causing that market to really move forward?
Mike Terzich: Right, this is Mike. I would say the difference now is we have been at it as you know for, I think your point long time we have been making investments in this space on a real deliberate basis for about 40 years. And we are finally seeing a point where at the patient safety level, choices are being made to invest in technology that can deliver the efficiency that the hospitals would like to see in the patient safety improvement that the hospitals would like to see. And for the first time we are seeing those investments are taking on equal weight as some of the other technology investments that hospitals typically made. So we see it's reflected in the pipeline of opportunities that we built, we have been working with the largest hospital management information system integrators that there are in the marketplace, and the pipeline has improved considerably and we exited the year with some strong business results for the company.
Reik Read - Robert W Baird: Okay. And then just going back to the WhereNet side, I think Randy as part of your comments you've mentioned auto was weak, I take it from what you're saying in terms of how you finished the year that auto started to strengthen. Is that something you continue to see as you get into '08? And then also can you guys comment on transportation logistics and how that verticals doing with WhereNet?
Anders Gustafsson: The automotive business is still kind of so, so right now for WhereNet. I would say that I did mention that we had nice acceleration in combined sales from both WhereNet and proveo in the fourth quarter and was actually quite significantly the strongest quarter of the year for those two companies. And Mike do you want to comment on the transportation or make any comments on transportation logistics vertical?
Mike Terzich: Our transport and logistics vertical across the whole of the business has been very strong and primarily due to some larger postal opportunities, some transportation opportunities that we've won internationally, so it's doing well.
Reik Read - Robert W Baird: Is that postal in Europe have to do with the deregulation?
Mike Terzich: Some of them.
Reik Read - Robert W Baird: Okay. And then just last question on expenses, with respect to the things that you're doing in terms of solution selling, putting Navis and WhereNet together, those are causing expenses to kind of come up. Can you talk a little bit about, if you look at couple of quarters out, how should we see that, given the guidance that you've given us today? How should we see those expenses? Will they stay relatively flat, or will they start to come down as we get later on in the year?
Charles Whitchurch: I wouldn't, Im not going to forecast anything more than the first quarter right now, other than to say that clearly operating expense management and control is a very high priority for us in the first quarter. We did this in our guidance in the fourth quarter; due to combination of things that would have not being forecasted and quite frankly some forecast errors. So, we really dug into what was going on in the spend rates, in particular in the core business, and reached a the conclusion that core spend rate, if you adjust for some of the things like the severance cost, and some timing issues that were clearly onetime in nature, it basically, okay. We are monitoring it, we are expecting to finish the quarter within the guidance weve provided you, and we are being very sensitive to making spending commitments by hiring a lot of people because of all those talk about the potential weakness in the economy, which although we have not seen anything in our business is obviously going to be something were going to be watching very carefully in the year. So were going to make sure we get the revenue result before we release the spending.
Reik Read - Robert W Baird: Okay. Guys, thanks very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alit Pai with Thomas Weisel Partners.
Ajit Pai - Thomas Weisel Partners: Hello, good morning.
Charles Whitchurch: Good morning.
Anders Gustafsson: Good morning.
Ajit Pai - Thomas Weisel Partners: A couple of quick questions, I think the first is about your Asian business, and I see that it was down sequentially. Can you give me some color, as to whats going on over there, one just in terms of the seasonality of demand, but more importantly when you are setting up the China business and the what is your strategy in terms of being able to price in that market, that could be your conditional pricing strategy in that market, and could you give us some color, as to what the competitive dynamics you are facing over there are, as well?
Charles Whitchurch: That was a lot of questions in one I think. I guess first, the Asian business was down a little bit on an annual comparison, but the growth year-over-year was very robust in Asia, and China has been one of our fastest growing countries in the past year, and is now our third largest revenue generating country worldwide for us. And I think we are making good progress from that perspective, we also signed up, I think it was 50% additional new partners in greater China region in 2007 to make sure that our reach got much better. The competitive environment in Asia. I would say, it's a little different frontier in that we do find, face some more local competitors. They tend to be very much at the low-end, but our business for most of our product lines are unaffected, but we certainly holding on our own and we believe gaining some in those areas in Asia as well. And I think that will also go for the pricing environment that we see on the mid-to-high end of our product range, we're holding our prices quite well.
Ajit Pai - Thomas Weisel Partners: So when you shift part of your production to China, is that going to be able to -- unlike the margins that you are seeing right now is it comparable to your corporate average across the world, or is it actually lower when you're selling in Asia. And shifting production there, does part of that to actually help with the margins over there?
Charles Whitchurch: The intent of moving our manufacturing to Asia, is not to really give it back as price concessions, it is really to make sure we improve our gross margin and as times goes, I mean there is always some price erosion in the market. I hope to hold onto most of that ourselves. And not really looking at this as a way of enabling us to be more aggressive on price in Asia.
Ajit Pai - Thomas Weisel Partners: Got it. And then you talked about 18 months to 24 months for that transition to be complete. In the meantime, when do you think you'll see the biggest sort of savings? Is it going to start beginning like in early 2009 and accelerate as we go through the end of the year? At what point will these sorts of redundancy in expense where you have the infrastructure in the US and in China starts showing the most drastic fall?
Charles Whitchurch: I think in general, we're going to start to see some benefits beginning in 2009, but I think for further detail on that, it will be best to attend the analyst conference.
Ajit Pai - Thomas Weisel Partners: Got it.
Charles Whitchurch: We will have more -- we will have presentation by our operations people and they will provide a little more color to the outsourcing strategy.
Ajit Pai - Thomas Weisel Partners: Okay. And then just in terms of the Latin American trends you talked about, I think you specifically mentioned Mexico, and you mentioned Brazil. So historically, Mexico has been tied a lot into what's happening in the US economy. So was the trend you are seeing in Mexico much more to do with local retailers that are selling into the Mexican economy, or is it to do with the lot of folks that are producing for the US? And then in Brazil, like the level of penetration and strength you have been seeing, how long do you think it is going to continue?
Mike Terzich: Ajit, this is Mike, I will answer that. The business in Mexico is similar to some of the business that we are seeing Asia. That business tends to be influenced by some large deal opportunities, and we see a little bit of lumpiness in our business. So I think when we go on a go forward basis when we are drawing comparisons, quarterly and sequentially, in both of those regions, oftentimes the quarter result is influenced by some large deal opportunity and we have been making that a specific point of focus, both in Asia, in China and in Latin America as well. And so in Mexico, the strength that we saw in the quarter was that we won several large pieces of business. And that business was across the manufacturing sector and the retail sector and also in the government sector owing to some security applications. So our focus has been entirely on continuing to drive large deal opportunities. We dont really have any insight as to, at the core level, I think the business has been fine, it's been steady, it's been pretty solid and we are supplementing it with some large win opportunities. As far as the outlook, I would say Brazil is similar. We have been concentrating on extending ourselves vertically in lot of the mobility applications, and the retail applications are very attractive in the Brazil marketplace as well, and we don't see anything in the foreseeable future that is changing our view at this point.
Ajit Pai - Thomas Weisel Partners: Got it, and then just in terms of operating margins I think this fourth quarter was probably the lowest margins on the operating side that you have delivered in many years. Looking out into the next three quarter's I think you're going to have redundant expenses and redundant cost structure for at least the next two to three quarter's before the savings start kicking in. Would it be fair to assume that even given the challenging environment as long as you have growth on the top line even if it is very modest that the operating margins will sort broaden in the first half of '08?
Charles Whitchurch: Well, our objective is to improve operating margins. Let me just leave it at that. The expectation is that operating margins over time will expand as both as a result of the benefits that will begin to happen, accrue to us as a result of the outsourcing activity but also integrating to be more successful on the integration our acquisitions and frankly working on improving internal processes helped in some degree by technology.
Ajit Pai - Thomas Weisel Partners: But the timing of that would you say that it would be
Charles Whitchurch: I am not saying, I am saying we should see some improvement in operating margins in 2008.
Ajit Pai - Thomas Weisel Partners: Okay, thank you so much.
Charles Whitchurch: Well thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Greg Halter with Great Lakes Review.
Greg Halter - Great Lakes Review: Good afternoon guys.
Charles Whitchurch: Good morning.
Greg Halter - Great Lakes Review: Good morning I guess it still is. Lot of questions asked already. One regarding your capital spending level for '08, do you see any sort of big increase into the current year given the acquisition?
Charles Whitchurch: Not at this point, no.
Greg Halter - Great Lakes Review: And any figure that you may throw out there as a range for what you expect really?
Charles Whitchurch: No.
Greg Halter - Great Lakes Review: Okay. And wonder if you could provide an update on how things are moving in the passive RFID side?
Charles Whitchurch: Yeah on the passive side, we met our growth objectives for 2007. The outlook we have is for further and more of you know for the consistent growth 2008. We see more closed-loop pilots applications where we have solid return on investment in pretty short paybacks and we've also seen some more growth with Wal-Mart, using the Sam's Club operation there, and also the METRO group in Europe. But I think we would also say that we don't expect kind of the times driven market to really be the driver for growth. We see a lot of opportunities now in the active RFID side and also in more of the close loop applications where it's easier to get a very solid return on investment.
Greg Halter - Great Lakes Review: Okay. And would you happen to have the figure for what ScanSource representative sales in either quarter or year or both?
Charles Whitchurch: Let me get back to you on that. I agree it was 16% in the quarter.
Greg Halter - Great Lakes Review: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question is a follow up from Chris Quilty with Raymond James.
Chris Quilty - Raymond James.: Randy, just a quick question for you. Did you give a feedback on the supplies business, and a little bit of a slowdown there that's often at times a leading indicator on the printer side of the business?
Mike Terzich: Hey, Chris this is Michael. Let me answer that. I think Randy mentioned that in the prepared statements that we actually saw some sequentially improvements in the supplies business. We measure supplies sales as a good proxy indicator for the health of our business actually the fourth quarter across the whole of the business, supplies growth was very solid, near double-digit growth on a consolidated basis between the SPS business and the current business. So that was probably the best quarter performance we've seen over the last couple of quarters. Now wrapped in that number, we tend to put other things like aftermarket products and some other parts of our solution offering and, so that maybe a bit misleading but the health of the supplies business was actually very good, and it was nice to see because it's been a little bit softer associated with some of the large retail rollouts that we had previously won.
Chris Quilty - Raymond James.: And pricing trends there are seeing relatively static?
Mike Terzich: Pretty much, pretty much, I think pricing for us has been very stable and I think there is a lot of conversations on just our regular, what's our AUP, what's the environment like and I will tell you that very isolated issues of pricing, but by and large Anders' earlier point we've seen improvement in a lot of our AUPs across all of the product families and supplies is no different.
Chris Quilty - Raymond James.: Okay, great. And final question on the restructuring activities, fair to assume that almost all of those cost benefits, I think you said about $25 million to $30 million by '10 are going to accrue in cost of goods sold and benefit gross margins?
Mike Terzich: Actually, the incremental cost of the project, they're going to be split between -- the benefits will accrue in gross margin, the cost will be split between gross margin and operating expenses. Most of the benefits are gross margin, but there are some in manufacturing overhead and other things that come below, but it's by far the most is in gross margin.
Chris Quilty - Raymond James.: But at this point even with the downsizing of the operations there in Illinois, have you plugged into that any facility closings and removing overhead and those of sort of items?
Mike Terzich: Yeah, in the out years we have, yeah.
Chris Quilty - Raymond James.: Okay. And actually I think youve mentioned the consolidation of the barcode printer and ID card printer?
Anders Gustafsson: Yeah, what we have done is that first we consolidated the supply chains for our barcode and the card printing businesses as we now outsource. We've got to have one organization that we are deal with the outsourcing partners and get all the efficiencies and benefits of that. So, that was one of them. We also decided to consolidate our sales and marketing activities for barcode and card as we deal with many of the same customers and we have as many of the same issues in particular as we start looking to extend and grow the card business into a more emerging markets. We already have resources from some of the barcode printing side there, but not necessarily from cards. So, we have a better chance of leveraging some of the investments we have already done there to ramp revenue without any commensurate increase in expense.
Chris Quilty - Raymond James.: Okay. So do you end up losing [Camero]?
Anders Gustafsson: Camero, it will not going away.
Chris Quilty - Raymond James.: Okay, great. Alright, thanks again guys.
Anders Gustafsson: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeff Rosenberg with William Blair.
Jeff Rosenberg - William Blair: Hi. I want to ask gross margin follow-up. You said 47% to 49% in Q1, right. I guess, I'm trying to understand, maybe this is all related to outsourcing, but with folding in a software business incrementally (inaudible) gross margin and then you had some of the higher expenses from the reserves and warranties, why wouldn't gross margin to be moving up in Q1?
Charles Whitchurch: We are not moving up because we are incurring some incremental cost relating to outsourcing.
Anders Gustafsson: Those are going to affect gross margin. We've analyzed the same both from the sales mix and cost perspective and this is where we come in. From the software perspective, there's two things there, one is the purchase accounting issue that Randy talked about there we will differ some $4 million, or not recognize $4 million. The other part is that the Navis business or the ES, enterprise solutions business has a large component of services. So, that obviously has costs associated with it also.
Jeff Rosenberg - William Blair: I mean should we be thinking excluding the outsourcing issues that would be improvement in gross margin maybe not getting down in the quarter, but just in general, gross margin should be trending up, as we move past these three items?
Charles Whitchurch: Yes.
Anders Gustafsson: Yes. I think it's the answer.
Jeff Rosenberg - William Blair: Okay, and then the other follow-up on the FQ was -- Randy what sort of interest rate are you assuming on you cash as you come up with your forecast?
Charles Whitchurch: 4%.
Jeff Rosenberg - William Blair: I am sorry, what was that again?
Charles Whitchurch: 4%
Jeff Rosenberg - William Blair: 4%. Okay, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Reik Read with Robert W. Baird.
Reik Read - Robert W. Baird: Just as a quick follow up on retail, the market has been pretty weak in the bar coding space in the last couple of years. Is some of the improvement that you're seeing just in that market maybe coming back and coming up on the priority list, or is it new customers or is it both? Any color you can give would be great?
Charles Whitchurch: I think this is an example where our vertical market activities have worked quite well for us, in that we have been able to penetrate much deeper into the verticals. So, we're less dependent on some of the very large retail organizations and we've also been able to introduce a number of new applications, so in that respect we're dealing with lot more customer. We had much broader customer base and been able to replicate a lot of successes we've had in some applications across a much wider base in all of the accounts. So, the overall market for us was up slightly in 2007, but some of the larger accounts were down a little bit more.
Reik Read - Robert W. Baird: Okay. And so you think about new accounts and new applications is really driving the growth right now and the market might help you a little bit, but not much?
Charles Whitchurch: Yes. I think thats correct.
Reik Read - Robert W. Baird: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Okay. There is no further questions. I will turn the call back to the managers.
Charles Whitchurch: Okay. In that case, if we dont have any more calls, we will end today's session, but again, I would like to invite you and encourage you to come, visit and attend our analyst day in New York next on Friday.
Anders Gustafsson: And one last comment, our next conference call is currently scheduled for April 23rd at 10 oclock and we look forward to reporting great results for the first quarter. Thank you for your participation today.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's teleconference. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2007 Q3  (2007-10-22 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Charles Whitchurch - CFO Anders Gustafsson - CEO Mike Terzich -SVP, Global Sales and Marketing, Specialty Printer Solutions
Analysts: Phil Alling - Bear Stearns Ajit Pai - Thomas Weisel Partners Jeff Rosenberg - William Blair Chris Quilty - Raymond James Greg Halter - Great Lakes Review Reik Read - Robert W. Baird Andrew Abrams - Avian Securities Jeremy Grant - Stanford Group Kevin Starke - Weeden &Company
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to theZebra Technologies Third Quarter Earnings Release Conference Call. Joining usfrom Zebra Technologies are Mr. Charles Whitchurch, CFO and Mr. AndersGustafsson, CEO of Zebra Technologies. All lines will be in a listen-only modeuntil after today's presentation. Instructions will be given at that time inorder to ask questions. At the request of Zebra Technologies, this conferencecall is being tape- recorded. Should anyone have any objections, pleasedisconnect at this time. At this time, I would like tointroduce Mr. Charles Whitchurch, CFO of Zebra Technologies. Sir, you maybegin.
Charles Whitchurch: Good morning, and thank you forjoining us today. Certain statements we will make on this call will relate tofuture events or circumstances, and therefore, will be forward-lookingstatements within the meaning of the Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.Words such as "expect", "believe" and"anticipate" are few examples of the words identified in aforward-looking statement. Forward-looking information issubject to various risks and uncertainties, which could significantly affectexpected results. Risk factors were also noted in the news release we issuedthis morning, and are also described in Zebra's 10-K for the year endedDecember 31, 2006, which is on file with the SEC. Now, let me turn the call over toAnders Gustafsson for some brief opening remarks.
Anders Gustafsson:  Thanks Randy, and good morningeveryone. I am very pleased to be here today to review Zebra's third quarterresults. I have asked the Mike Terzich to join Randy and me on the call today.Mike leads Global Sales and Marketing for our Specialty Printing Solutionsbusiness unit. Record sales and improvements ingross profit margin drove profitability higher, putting Zebra's third quarterresults at the upper end of our forecasted range. We had continued strength throughchannels and high growth in our international regions, coordinated good salesexecution combined with a solid opportunity pipeline, which resulted in keywins in targeted vertical markets. These results are evidence that Zebracontinues to be the winning brand in our core specialty printing business, andthey demonstrate the success of our growth strategy. During the quarter, we further positionedZebra for accelerated growth with the acquisition of proveo, and an agreementto acquire Navis, which we announced last week. These companies built on ourplatform in real-time location systems, which we established through theacquisition of WhereNet in January. These three companies expand a rangeof data acquisition, technologies and solutions. Zebra is able to deliver twocurrent and potential customers to identify, locate and track valued assetsacross the supply chain. During my first month at Zebra,we have worked diligently to further identify and develop the various growthareas available to the company. The activities we have undertaken in ourestablished businesses to sustain more consistent sales growth and profitability,combined with our investments in higher growth adjacencies, positioned Zebrafor increased success going through the fourth quarter and 2008. Let me now cover some of thethird quarter highlights. In EMEA, sales bounced back from lower growth in thesecond quarter. Nearly all nine sub-regions made meaningful contributions tothe turnaround. Sales growth was particularlyrobust in Central and Eastern Europe, Italy, the Middle East and India. The strong backlog goinginto the second half of the year generated a consistent healthy rate ofbusiness throughout the quarter, with project wins in retail and warehousingamong other verticals. The outlook for EMEA continues to be favorable. Sales growth in Latin America accelerated, with solid performance across nearly allprinter product lines and all geographies. Consistent with our second quarterexperience, adoption rates of Zebra's mobile route accounting solutionsremained high. Asia-Pacific continued to standout as an important contributor to overall growth. Greater penetration of largemultinational accounts plus strategic wins in government, retail andhealthcare, all are results of our investments over the past few years tostrengthen our leadership, infrastructure and people in this region. We willfocus on this, and a greater presence gives us optimism for further growth inthe Asia-Pacific region. Growth in North America improved over the second quarter, to deliver recordquarterly revenues. Sales benefited from favorable business activity in severalverticals. We also captured all the sales deferred by retailers in the secondquarter. Relatively unchanged from the second quarter, activity with retailersis up for the year, thanks to our efforts to diversify and broaden our customerbase. Sales from WhereNet also made acontribution to consolidated North American sales growth. Overall, we madeconsiderable progress in securing higher sales growth and greater profitabilityfor Zebra during the third quarter. High sales growth in international regions demonstrates thesuccess of our geographic expansion programs. Higher gross profit margin was resultedfrom focused efforts to improve operational efficiency and reduce product cost.And our acquisitions demonstrate a strategic intent to deploy capital inrelated high growth businesses. Now I'll turn it back to Randy to provide a detailed reviewof third quarter results and guidance for the fourth quarter of 2007.
Charles Whitchurch: Thanks, Anders, and good morning everyone. Well, I guessyou'd have to say we're really pleased with the quarterly results for Zebra. 16.5% growth for the sales of the upper end of ourforecasted range, while acquired company certainly contributed to this growth,our core business showed excellent strength with double-digit growth in thequarter. Hardware sales accelerated by 16.9% from 12.6% last quarter,along with an improved product mix. Average unit prices for the quarter were $585, which wasdown from $621 last year, but up from last quarter's $573. New printer products accounted for 5.1% of third quarterprinter sales. While we're clearly disappointed with this result, we expectthis number to improve significantly in the fourth quarter due to four newprinter products we introduced in the third quarter: the ZM400 and ZM600 labelprinters, two high volume mid-range products we introduced, plus a highperformance card printer, the P630i and a new 6-inch photo printer. We expect these products to make meaningful contributions tosales in future quarters. Additional new products are scheduled for release in2008. Supply sales rebounded significantly, increasing 8.7% in thequarter from 2.2% in the second quarter. A strong September set the stage forfurther improvement in the fourth quarter. We are beginning to see the benefit from our Texas label converting facility, with an influx of newbusiness from manufacturers in Northern Mexico.We also have new label converting capacity in Poland,which became operational in the quarter and will enable us to expand businessin Central and Eastern Europe. By geography, we've set sales records in North America, Latin America and Asia Pacific. North American sales were up 8.6% to $105 million, fromhigher business activity through channels supplemented by several key wins in routeaccounting. Sales in our retail vertical were flat year-over-year, butwe made important gains in broadening our account base. Sales growth in everyinternational region exceeded 20%. EMEA sales, which include $4.8 million of foreign exchangegains, advanced 25.2% to $74.2 million. On a constant currency basis, EMEAgrowth was a solid 17%. All sub-regions within the territory contributed to theresult. Asia Pacific and Latin Americaalso delivered strong growth. Latin America wasup 22.9%, with several wins in retail and other verticals with mobileapplications. Asia Pacific sales increased 26.5%, driven largely fromcontinued penetration in China,where sales were up over 50% with notable wins in manufacturing and governmentapplications. Consolidated gross margins came in above guidance at 48.2%,up from 47.1% a year ago and 47.6% in the second quarter. We benefited both comparatively and sequentially from afavorable product mix, foreign exchange gains, and improvements in manufacturingvariances. The drag of nearly 4 percentage points from WhereNet maskedsubstantial progress we've made in improving the profitability in our corebusiness. Operating expenses of $67.6 million were within theforecasted range. They include one-time charges totaling $4 million or $0.4 ofshare related to the retirement of former Chairman and CEO, Ed Kaplan and boardactivities for the search and hiring of new CEO, Anders Gustafsson. Amortization of intangibles and FAS 123R expenses totaled$7.3 million, including $1.7 million directly related to the CEO retirement. A year ago, non-cash charges totaled $2.4 million. Excludingnon-cash charges, third quarter '07 operating margin was 20.6%, up from 19.1%for the second quarter and 17.1% on a GAAP basis. Details on these pro forma resultsare contained in our press release. Third quarter investment income totaled $4.4 million, with areturn on beginning balances of 3.6%. Net income equated to $0.39 a share. Free cash flow for the quarter amounted to $15.6 million netof acquisitions. During the third quarter, we used $42 million to buyback 1.2million shares of stock. For the year-to-date, we have deployed close to $200 millionin acquisitions and stock repurchases. An additional $145 million is earmarked forthe Navis acquisition, to bring total capital deployment to approximately $345million for the year. DSO for the quarter was a comfortable 56.2 days. Inventoryturns were 5.3. Our quarter-end cash position was $469 million. We expect fourth quarter sales tobe between $215 and $227 million. Earnings should be in the range of $0.38 to$0.45 a share. This forecast assumes a gross margin of between 48% to 49%. Weexpect operating expenses to be in the range of $68 million to $69 million. Ourforecast includes up to $4 million each in FAS 123R expense and intangiblesamortization. Effective tax rate for the quarter will be 34.5%. That concludes my formal remarks.Thank you for your attention. And here is Anders for some concluding comments.
Anders Gustafsson: Thanks, Randy. Our third quarterresults validate the strength of Zebra's core business and the success of ourgrowth strategy. Expanding geographic presence, delivering applications inhigh-growth vertical markets and creating greater customer intimacy withhigh-touch sales modules are some of the activities that are enabling Zebra toextend global leadership and become a more formidable competitor. My observation is that these arethe right activities that can, and will lead to consistent sales growth. Continued focus on operationalefficiencies will enable further improvements in profitability and earningsgrowth. In short, I believe there shouldbe significant growth and profit potential in specialty printing and bar codelabeling solutions. Our capital deployments in highergrowth adjacent businesses enhanced Zebra's growth prospects across multipledimensions. Our acquisition of WhereNet inthe first quarter established Zebra as a leader in active RFID and real-timelocation systems. It also strengthened our position in key vertical markets foractive RFID, such as, in industrial manufacturing, distribution and logistics,and aerospace and defense. We added GPS to our portfolio of identification andlocation technologies in the third quarter, with the proveo acquisition. Thistransaction also gave us a more meaningful presence in the airline industry. With these transactions, we haveclearly expanded the business opportunity with new customers for Zebra. Equallyas important, they expand a breadth of solutions we are able to deliver tocurrent large key accounts. We can build on our trusted position as a leadingprovider of bar coding and passive RFID identification solutions, which arewell-suited for tracking items, cases and pellets. Active RFID and GPS provides amore comprehensive ability to identify, locate and track critical assets.Established customers are already seeing the potential benefits of deployingsolutions, incorporating these technologies to improve their businessprocesses. We believe that Navis will addanother high value element for Zebra in delivering business improvementsolutions. Complementing our data acquisition technologies, Navis' softwaresystems optimize the flow of goods in and around the enterprise. The drive forgreater efficiency in the global supply chain provides ample growthopportunities for this expanded set of Zebra solutions. Thank you for your attention. Weappreciate your time and interest in Zebra. We would now be happy to answer anyquestions you may have.
Operator: (Operator Instructions)
Anders Gustafsson: Do you have any questions,operator?
Operator: Yes, sir. Your first questioncomes from the line of Phil Alling from Bear Stearns.
Phil Alling - Bear Stearns: Hi, this is Philip Alling.
Anders Gustafsson: Hi, Phil.
Charles Whitchurch: Hi, Phil.
Phil Alling - Bear Stearns: You can hear me. Okay, good.Given the technical difficulties, I thought I would just double check to makesure that you can hear me.
Anders Gustafsson: Well, that's a good thing,currently today. We thought we have been so clear there were no questions.
Phil Alling - Bear Stearns: I appreciate the opportunity toask some questions. So, with respect to the WhereNet and Swecoin acquisitionsthat you made in the last year as well as the beginning of this year, how havethey performed with respect to your expectations and also as far as sort of theoutlook going forward on your growth? Clearly, you're making someacquisitions in the asset tracking area, diversifying from your core and thebar code printing space. How should we be thinking about relative growth inyour asset tracking unit going forward versus the core bar code printingbusiness. And now on a blended basis, what are your expectations at this pointfor longer-term growth going forward?
Charles Whitchurch: Well, I would say first of all, Phil, there are two parts tothat question. One, how is Swecoin doing and how is the -- we will call itWhereNet prevailed, that puts a WhereNet going. Swecoin is doing really well.We are integrating that very tightly into our -- what we have characterized asour core business. So that will not be going forward after this quarter, willbe considered because we bought it exactly a year ago. It will be in the comparableresults year-over-year and will be part of the core business. The WhereNet acquisition is a little behind where we wouldhave expected it to be at this point. That being said, we are fully expecting thecombined business which would include, after we get clear HSR, the Navis transactionto be going substantially faster than the core business. I can't give you a precise blended growth rate at this time,although I will say that after the first quarter we expect to be reporting on asegment basis. So the numbers will be crystal clear at that time, because thecombined operations of these businesses assuming that we get clear HSR, we'llexceed 10% of the total combined sales of the company.
Anders Gustafsson: Andy, and again, I should emphasize that we are planning tohave an analyst day in New Yorksome time in the first quarter. So, we will be a little more clear about theplans going forward at that point.
Phil Alling - BearStearns: What could you say at this point as far as the marginstructure, your asset tracking business unit clearly will be different go-to marketstrategy, much more reliance on direct sales as opposed to the channel and soforth?
Charles Whitchurch: I would say again, this is anticipating clearance from HSR,which has not happened. Okay, we are not closed on Navis. So, everything wehave to say here is very circumspect. But again, assuming that that goes through,that Navis has a much, it's a software company. So one would expect that the gross margins would besubstantially higher and they are indeed higher. So we would see higher grossmargins from that part of the business and somewhat lower operating margins atleast out of the box until we scale up and expand the operations of thebusiness.
Phil Alling - BearStearns: Okay.
Charles Whitchurch: And some more rapid sales growth, greater gross margin andsomewhat lower operating margin out of the box.
Phil Alling - BearStearns: Okay. And with respect to this foreign exchange impact onthe reported revenues, was there any meaningful currency impact revenue outsideof EMEA, you did sort of give?
Charles Whitchurch: No. The currency impact is isolated in EMEA, and overall forthe company is $4.8 million and was roughly 2.6% in the year-over-year growth.
Phil Alling - BearStearns: Okay. And just one final little question for me just withrespect to G&A, how should we be thinking about that going forward? You didmention the impact regarding the payment to Kaplan, that you showed in thethird quarter or so, what?
Charles Whitchurch: Well, we gave the guidance of $68 million to $69 million,that's all in number including 123R and the amortization of intangibles. I willtell you that excluding the acquired growth of the company's year-over-yearoperating expenses, we're up a little over 10% in the core business. Again Ithink it's going to have to -- we are going to have to leave it at that at thispoint Phil.
Phil Alling - BearStearns: Thanks very much. I will pass it along.
Charles Whitchurch: Again, I want to refer you to the detail provided in thepress release on all the non-cash charges relating to the business. It breaksup the 123R and the amortization of intangibles.
Phil Alling - BearStearns: Thanks so much, Randy.
Charles Whitchurch: Yeah.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Ajit Pai fromThomas Weisel Partners.
Ajit Pai - ThomasWeisel Partners: Hi. Good morning.
Charles Whitchurch: Hi, Ajit.
Anders Gustafsson: Hi, how are you?
Ajit Pai - ThomasWeisel Partners: Good. A couple of quick questions. The first one is justyour guidance relative to normal seasonality that Zebra seen in the past, andjust given the fact that your business momentum seems to be accelerating, NorthAmerica and Europe and even in Asia. Why isyour guidance so conservative? Were you seeing any early signs of weakness insome markets in your orders or why is it so conservative?
Charles Whitchurch: Well, first of all, we're not seeing any signs of weakness,business is quite good. And I would not characterize the guidance asparticularly conservative. I think it's fair to say that Zebra likes to deliverresults rather than talk about future performance that might not develop. So, I mean I think that it is a reasonable guidance. It iscertainly sequentially up by a decent margin in our view. So, I would notcharacterize it as particularly conservative.
Ajit Pai - ThomasWeisel Partners: Okay. So there is no sign of weakness anywhere, or businessmomentum that's accelerating, good to see it accelerate. You've discussed whatthe margin structures of the new businesses are, from a broad perspective. And there's one other thing that I think, in prior callsthat you had addressed that you're exploring, and then I think in the mostrecent call, you said that, that something that is not the highest priorityright now and that could be setting up low cost manufacturing operationselsewhere. Is that still something that you're working on?
Charles Whitchurch: Yes. We are doing a pilot at the moment to look atoutsourcing as a potential benefit to us. We haven't concluded the pilot yet.So if you hold with us for another quarter or so, we'd be able to share somemore life on that at that point.
Ajit Pai - ThomasWeisel Partners: Right. But when you're looking at it, instead of using anoutsourcing company or vendor, have you considered sort of setting up a Zebrawholly-owned operation overseas as well, or is that, it's primarily looking atoutsourcing?
Anders Gustafsson: You mean for us to do in-house manufacturing overseas?
Ajit Pai - ThomasWeisel Partners: Yes.
Anders Gustafsson: No. We have not looked at that. Ithink that the contra-manufacturers, they manufacture other people's goods forliving, I think that they are quite good at it. I think we can probably getmuch more savings by doing it that way than setting up our own wholly-ownedsubsidiary as you suggest.
Ajit Pai - Thomas Weisel Partners: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes fromthe line of Jeff Rosenberg of William Blair.
Jeff Rosenberg - William Blair: Good morning. Randy, I wanted toask you another angle on the operating expenses. You mentioned with theexpenses for the CEO transition, they got you into the end of the range thatyou had for the quarter. Were those expenses anticipated in your guidance orwas I confused about the growth [of the highest]?
Charles Whitchurch: No, they were not anticipated inthe guidance.
Jeff Rosenberg - William Blair: Okay. So if you backed those outto consider your performance relative to the guidance here, expenses were lowerand yet you're guiding for a pretty significant sequential increase kind ofapples-to-apples with that taken out in the fourth quarter. So can you maybelook at it from that perspective and give us some insight there?
Charles Whitchurch: Well, again Jeff, we roll up aforecast of operating expenses from our operations every quarter, and againthis does include the full bulk load of amortization of intangibles and the123R expenses in the numbers. So, yeah, I would think this is the right numberto give you.
Jeff Rosenberg - William Blair: All right. I was just -- it'sabout a $5 million increment at the midpoint. So it was a substantial increasein expenses. So I just looked in to see if there is anything that in fact tobegin there. And in the sales growth side,could you maybe just taking a step back and looking at the success you'rehaving in your -- the foreign currency that the high-teens growth you've gotrelative to the growth in North America. I mean, is there somethinginherently that you've been able to capitalize on in Europe that's lessavailable to you in North America or perhaps, any comedy could make us theopportunities you have in North America that you feel like that number couldimprove? And maybe just some high-level comments there and the things you'vebeen doing this year to improve North America?
Mike Terzich: Jeff, this isMike Terzich. I'll take your question. On the European front, as youknow, over the last couple of years, we've been pretty active and expanding oursales coverage models in Europe and we have certainly taken advantage of theZebra brand and the multinational migration that has occurred in within theregion, particularly in a couple of the very heavy growth areas, Eastern Europefor instance, and in India, as well. So, I think our strategy has beento be there to build infrastructure, local sales and marketing infrastructureand continue to develop the channel to support where the business is migratingtoo. And that has been in play for us for several years now and it's beenworking very well. Now the question in North America has been really one of diversificationvertically for us. So, the business being very steep and strong in the supplychain manufacturing space and in the retail space, our strategy has been tosmooth out some of the lumpiness associated with parts of that business byextending our solutions vertically. So we've been concentrating on new verticalspaces for Zebra healthcare, government, our [ready] mobile workforce spacethat we've talked about in the past, and that's giving us growth and it'soffsetting some of the lumpiness that we see, particularly, in the retailspace.
Jeff Rosenberg - William Blair: Okay. Last question I had realquick was, is there anything incorporated in guidance for the new acquisitionor is that any expenses and/or revenues there to completely incremental to whatyou've given us in guidance?
Charles Whitchurch: New acquisition meaning the Navisdeal?
Jeff Rosenberg - William Blair: Yeah, any expenses there?
Charles Whitchurch: There is nothing in there fromNavis. Navis is not closed and there is nothing in our guidance related to thatacquisition.
Jeff Rosenberg - William Blair: Okay, thanks.
Operator: And your next question comes fromthe line of Chris Quilty from Raymond James.
Chris Quilty - Raymond James: Hello, guys.
Charles Whitchurch: Hi, Chris.
Anders Gustafsson: Hello.
Chris Quilty - Raymond James: You may have given it and I mayhave missed it, Randy did you break out organic growth in the quarter?
Charles Whitchurch: I didn't break it outspecifically; I said it was in the double-digits.
Chris Quilty - Raymond James: Okay.
Charles Whitchurch: I mean, we had a -- the corebusiness did really well in the quarter, I will say that. And we're quitepleased with that. We've got some really great results internationally, andeven within North America which is highly,which is one of the retail verticals highly concentrated in our business. We had relatively flat sales inthe retail vertical, but we made some important gains in diversifying ouraccount base. So, moving into a position where we want to be able to offsetweakness in one large account that strengthened another. And we seem to be ableto do that in the quarter, and despite the fact that the retail vertical wasrelatively flat, I think strategically, we're really pleased with the resultswe got.
Chris Quilty - Raymond James: So would you say your biggestsurprise in the quarter by product or by geography was North America then, in terms of surprise better than you had expected?
Charles Whitchurch: No, I think actually the biggestsurprise in the quarter was how really strong the international business was. Imean everything was up really in the mid-20's, it was a terrific result.
Chris Quilty - Raymond James: Okay.
Charles Whitchurch: And the other thing that was really, I think that was reallygood for us in the quarter was the fact that we continued to make gains inimproving the gross margin. This is something we've talked about with you guysfor multiple quarters. And our operations guys have done heck of a job in fixingsome of the issues we're dealing with there, and it really doesn't show upquite as much in the numbers of the result that we actually got, because theWhereNet business drags the gross margin down a little bit. So it really maskedthe level of improvement work that we have been able to get in the corebusiness.
Chris Quilty -Raymond James:  There was actually a question that I was going to ask, aclarification, you had said in the prepared text that WhereNet was a 1% drag,but was that gross margin or EBIT?
Charles Whitchurch: That's gross margin.
Chris Quilty -Raymond James: Okay. But shouldn't WhereNet longer term be accretive to thegross margin because of the high?
Charles Whitchurch: Yeah. We would expect those margins to improve as theirsales mix shifts much more to a software and maintenance component and, ofcourse, again assuming the Navis transaction gets approved, there's going to bean even bigger shift there, because Navis is principally a software company.
Chris Quilty -Raymond James: Okay. And when you mentioned that WhereNet was a little bitmore behind than where you had thought it would be at this point, were youtalking primarily about the financial contribution or where they are in termsof business development pipeline, order book and stuff like that?
Charles Whitchurch: It's the financial contribution at this point.
Chris Quilty -Raymond James: Okay.
Charles Whitchurch: The one of the areas where WhereNet has had historically aquite a strong presence is in automotive and that as a segment have beensomewhat weaker this year.
Chris Quilty -Raymond James: I am surprised, surprise.
Charles Whitchurch: Yeah.
Chris Quilty -Raymond James: And also talking on the gross margins, you had mentionedearlier -- that question got asked. Sorry about that. Order delays, lastquarter, you had mentioned a number of things that were pushing out to the rightand should land in Q3, Q4, can you give us a sense of how those delayed ordersare coming in?
Mike Terzich:  Chris, this is Mike, and yes, we did mention in the secondquarter call, that in the eleventh week of the quarter we had some push out,primarily retail centric and we were very pleased that those orders came infull in the third quarter. So we recovered what was pushed from Q2 into Q3, abovethe midpoint of the quarter. So we are in good shape there.
Chris Quilty -Raymond James: Okay. And I know the Ed Kaplan rule for one question isn'tin place, but I will ask only more question, which is the consumable business,which you normally mentioned as sort of a leading indicator, hard for us giventhe new facilities and everything else that's going on to kind of figure outwhat the real growth and margin trends are there, but what is the consumablesbusiness telling you today?
Charles Whitchurch: The consumable business, I will tell you, it's a tale of acouple of different stories, and in particular, the first half of the year itwas a little softer than we would like to see, primarily as a result of twocritical markets for us in North America. One being the retail market, which we talked a lot about,and the other being automotive supply chain. We did see some second half of thequarter surge primarily in the retail space which was good to see, becausethat's usually tied to some of the back-to-school initiative that are going onin retail, but that has improved our outlook quite significantly. And then secondarily, we have been doing some expansion, asyou know, with that converting, our converting capability in Europeand we are picking up nice pieces of business in proximity to our locations.Now we have three locations in Europe, Poland Holland and the north of England. Now we are picking up nice pieces of business close in theretail space and in some of the manufacturing extended supply chain space. Soit's been going really well. And if you check with the industry as a whole, ourgrowth is significantly better than industry projections and if you were takingsome share in this space.
Chris Quilty -Raymond James: And the taking share attributed to the local presence?
Charles Whitchurch: Yes, definitely.
Chris Quilty -Raymond James: Okay, great. Thank you, gentlemen.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Greg Halter fromGreat Lakes Review.
Greg Halter - Great Lakes Review: Good morning. And thank you for taking the time. Just aquick one on ScanSource, I wondered if you could delineate what percentage ofthat company presented your sales?
Charles Whitchurch: Greg, I don't have that handy. Let me look it up here andwill get back in. Okay.
Greg Halter - Great Lakes Review: All right. And relative to ScanSource, with WhereNet andpotentially [if your] acquired Navis goes through, are they involved in that atall, or is that totally outside of their scope?
Charles Whitchurch: That's outside of ScanSource scope today. There might beovertime some opportunity to work with them to cooperate in that area but todaythat will be beyond what they do.
Greg Halter - Great Lakes Review: Okay. And relative to WhereNet, I think in the past you havetalked about net operating loss carried forward there. Has there been anydecision made on what's happening with those or how that stands?
Charles Whitchurch: No, not at this point and the ScanSource is little over 15%of sales in the quarter.
Greg Halter - Great Lakes Review: Okay, thank you. And on the RFID side, I know there were somementioned on the second quarter call about that that there is some [lifestirring] there relative to the core RFID, I guess if you will. I wondered ifyou could provide us with an update on what you saw in on the third quarter andwhat you see going forward?
Mike Terzich: Greg. This is Mike, and we saw some improvement in the -- are you talking about the passive RFID space.
Greg Halter - Great Lakes Review: Correct.
Mike Terzich: Right. And we saw some improvement in the quarter. There hasbeen a little bit more activity primarily at the government level and therewere couple key pieces of key project that we actually won in the quarterthrough the armed forces. So, we are beginning to see a little bit of uplift inthat particular space. The retail side has been relatively quite.
Greg Halter - Great Lakes Review: Okay. And one last one relativeto the investment income, I think Randy had mentioned, 3.6% return on beginningbalance and I think that's compared to 5% in the second quarter. I justwondered if you could explain the differential in the rates of return?
Charles Whitchurch: We liquidated some positions inthe second quarter, where the profit was, as you say, deferred onto the balancesheet, so was reported under the P&L. And secondly, rate scheme in theportfolio came down, and we have less money to invest. So from a combination offactors, I mean that the reported numbers were a little weaker in the secondquarter -- in the third quarter than the second.
Greg Halter - Great Lakes Review: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from theline of Reik Read from Robert W. Baird. 
Reik Read - Robert W. Baird: Hey, good morning. I just want togo back to the operating expense side of the things. In the last couple ofquarters, you guys have actually performed.
Reik Read - Robert W. Baird: Hello?
Charles Whitchurch: Yeah. We hear you.
Reik Read - Robert W. Baird: They came back at me. Thoseoperating expenses have been relatively lower than what you had thought, andnow you're seeing that's boost up. Were there some things that you delayed ordeferred and they are coming into the fourth quarter, or is this kind of alevel that we should be looking at things now? And can you talk a little bitabout, Randy I know you've talked in the past about some of the sellinginitiatives in driving forward, is that something that's now adding more to theexpense side?
Charles Whitchurch: Well I think, there is couple ofthings. When we've got, we do have the acquired companies coming in and I thinkin terms of operating expenses going forward, I think what we're going to doafter the -- in this analyst call, we'll be a little more specific about futurenumbers and things like, Analyst Day will be a little more specific aboutnumbers going forward because the business model will be different because ofthese always acquired companies. To step up in the quarter, islargely related to the timing of expenses that we are anticipating, they havein the quarter and I don't think it necessarily represents a new higher levelof expenses. Now, including in that number is a $7 million of 123R andamortization of intangibles. So, you really have to strip that out from thecore, real spend rate if you will. You get a better look of what's going on.
Reik Read - Robert W. Baird: Right. Okay.
Charles Whitchurch:  Okay.
Reik Read - Robert W. Baird: Okay, good enough. And I guessjust directionally, are there any things that you guys are doing from aninternal initiative that might affect those expenditure [IE]. Are there newprojects or programs coming underway that could cause them to boost up or willthey, and I am just talking directionally, I am not looking for guidance on thenumbers.
Charles Whitchurch: No, I would say no.
Reik Read - Robert W. Baird: Okay. And then with respect tothe gross margin, the manufacturing improvement, how much of that, I mean ifyou look at the 60 to 70 basis points sequentially, how much of that is due tothe manufacturing variance improvement?
Charles Whitchurch: On a year-over-year basis, about1.2 points.
Reik Read - Robert W. Baird: Okay. And then, Mike just on theRFID business within the DoD. Is that more of a short-term boost or is thatsomething that you see is relatively sustained as they start to open up Asia?
Michael Terzich: Well, I would like to say, we seeit as a sustainable. I think we've seen just in the pipeline, the activitypipeline has improved which gives us a good indicator that, I think they'vecentered on a couple sweet spots from an application standpoint, that'screating some opportunity for us. So I think at this point, we see it assustainable.
Reik Read - Robert W. Baird: Okay. And then just last one,share repurchase. You guys announced the $1.2 million in the quarter, is thatsomething where you're planning to be opportunistic or is that something whereyou think you'll be regular repurchases as you kind of look forward?
Anders Gustafsson: I think more generally, generallyyou saw return to our investors is clearly our top priority and accessing our capitalstructure is also on my agenda for the rest of this year here. Return on investment capitalwould be one of our key metrics and say, revenue and earnings growth will bethe key operational drivers, but capital structure is also effective which we willaddress. So, I think we'll get back with some more detail on that and probablythe Q4 or the Analyst Meeting we have in February.
Reik Read - Robert W. Baird: Okay. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from theline of Andrew Abrams from Avian Securities.
Andrew Abrams - Avian Securities: I was wondering if you could go alittle further on the manufacturing variance side. You mentioned 1% to 2%, isthere a lot more behind that or is that more behind that first off? And second, can we talk just alittle bit about Navis, should it close? What kind of a growth rate are welooking at for this company historically; I mean you don't have to go forwardyou can go back?
Charles Whitchurch: Well, I'm really going to decline to answer any questionsabout Navis at this point, because the transaction hasn't closed, okay. Sothat's, really kind of off-limits for us at this point. As far as the gross margin improvement, I would say we'vereally gotten to the point now where we've squeezed out most of the variancesthat we have been talking about for last several quarters as that relates to,what I characterized as the blow back from the loss conversion of a little overa year-ago. So, I would not anticipate a lot of additional gross margin improvementcoming from that source. I think we have reached a point where gross marginimprovement is going to come from other initiatives that we are looking at, andthe normal impact that we get from product mix changes in foreign exchange. ButI think there are really two factors that are part of the principal drivers ofgross margin.
Andrew Abrams - AvianSecurities: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeremy Grant fromStanford Group.
Jeremy Grant -Stanford Group: Hey. Congratulations on the great quarter.
Charles Whitchurch: Thank you.
Jeremy Grant-Stanford Group: I think most of my questions have been answered, thathappens when I am the last in the queue. Just wanted to confirm, this mighthave been asked that there was a note in the press release the G&A expensesadd, I think it's about $4 million on one-time charges with Ed leaving and allthat going on, does that mean that G&A would have been right around $17.5million for the quarter without that?
Charles Whitchurch: That's right.
Jeremy Grant-Stanford Group: Okay. I think that's all I had. Thanks.
Charles Whitchurch: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kevin Starke from Weeden& Company.
Kevin Starke - Weeden& Company: Two questions. And is there a particular Euro rate embodiedin your fourth quarter forecast?
Charles Whitchurch: Yeah, what we use going forward is the current rate.
Kevin Starke - Weeden& Company: All right, okay. And the second question, rough ideas on thenumber of units sold in the third quarter?
Charles Whitchurch: I'll give you more than a rough idea.
Kevin Starke - Weeden& Company: Okay.
Charles Whitchurch: But you are going to have to hold a minute while I look itup.
Kevin Starke - Weeden& Company: While you are doing that.
Charles Whitchurch:  Yeah. 
Kevin Starke - Weeden& Company: It may be premature, but you had mentioned a week ago on thecall about Navis that you were looking at what integration and synergypossibilities there, and it sounded like you were going to be looking at thatpretty quickly. Have you come up with anything else that you can share with us?
Anders Gustafsson: From an integration perspective, we are looking to certainlyget working on that very rapidly to start the plan for what the combinedorganization should look like, once we have, assuming we get all the approvalsand everything, but once the acquisition goes through. But the synergies were more on the top line synergies,really than they were in the bottom line. We're buying the company for growth,but we were also be looking at how we can leverage particularly our sharedservices within the company, so finance, HR, IT and so forth.
Kevin Starke - Weeden& Company: Between WhereNet and Navis and the Zebra core business, doyou feel that there might be a little too much overlap between your network ofglobal offices, that some of them could be shut?
Anders Gustafsson: Yeah. That's part of what we would look at in ourintegration plan. But so far, we have a reasonably good global footprint. Theseother companies are much smaller, much smaller footprints and we'll be lookingto see if there are opportunities to do that, but that will be fairly minor.
Kevin Starke - Weeden& Company: Okay.
Charles Whitchurch: Kevin, your unit count is 228,000.
Kevin Starke - Weeden& Company: Thank you. That's all for a moment.
Charles Whitchurch: Thanks.
Operator: And you have a follow-up question from the line of Reik Read from the Robert W. Baird & Co.
Reik Read - Robert W. Baird & Co.: You talked about with respect to gross margins, themanufacturing variances are largely done, but there are more improvementopportunities. Are these improvement opportunities beyond the outsourcing thatyou alluded to before and can you talk a little bit about the timing of whenyou might start to see those?
Reik Read - the Robert W. Baird & Co.: Well, they are actually. They are improving opportunitiesthat we are working down across the supply chain, that are not related to theoutsourcing and we would expect to start seeing those really next year.
Reik Read - Robert W. Baird & Co.: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: And I am showing no further questions in queue.
Charles Whitchurch: Okay. At this point, we are going to conclude the call.Thank you for your participation today. Just as a reminder, the conference callfor our fourth quarter and year end results is currently scheduled for February6, 2008 at 10 O'clock Central Time. Thank you for your participation today.
Operator: And this concludes today's conference call. You may nowdisconnect.

===== 2007 Q2  (2007-07-25 10:00:00) =====
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Executives: Charles Whitchurch - CFO   Ed Kaplan - CEO   Mike Terzich - SVP, Global Sales and Marketing, Specialty Printer Solutions 
Analysts: Jeff Rosenberg - William Blair & Company   Chris Quilty - Raymond James   Reik Read - Robert W. Baird   Ajit Pai - Thomas Weisel Partners   David Sterman - Jessup & Lamont   Greg Halter - Great Lakes Review   Andrew Matorin - Bear Stearns   Andrew Abrams - Avian Securities   Jeremy Grant - Stanford Group   Scott Scher - Clovis Capital   Unidentified Analyst 
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Zebra Technologies' Second Quarter Earnings Release Conference Call. Joining us from Zebra Technologies are Mr. Charles Whitchurch, CFO and Mr. Ed Kaplan, CEO, of Zebra Technologies. All lines will be in a listen-only mode until after today's presentation. Instructions will be given at that time in order to ask a question. At the request of Zebra Technologies, this conference call is being tape recorded. Should anyone have any objections, please disconnect at this time. At this time, I would like to introduce Mr. Charles Whitchurch, CFO of Zebra Technologies. Sir, you may begin. 
Charles Whitchurch: Thank you. Good morning. Thank you for joining us today. Certain statements we will make on this call will relate to future events or circumstances and, therefore, will be forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In particular, any statements we make regarding our financial forecast for the 2007 third quarter and expectations about trends in the company's business will be forward-looking statements.  The forward-looking statements involve risks, uncertainties, and other factors that could cause Zebra's actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Additional information concerning such factors is available on the press release issued today by Zebra as well as Zebra's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. In particular, we direct your attention to the company's Form 10-K for the year ended December 31st, 2006. Now I'll turn the call over to Ed Kaplan for some brief opening remarks. 
Ed Kaplan: Thanks, Randy, and good morning everyone. Zebra met its second-quarter sales and earnings guidance on the strength of its international sales. We encountered softness in North America from unexpected order deferrals very late in the quarter and some inventory adjustment in distribution. While these events brought our numbers down for the quarter, Zebra won more business with national accounts and channel partners and extended global reach.  Now, at the halfway point to the year, Zebra has made great progress in positioning the company for further growth and success. Our activity to deliver solutions that help our customers identify, locate and track valued assets in high-growth vertical markets are working. Global expansion continues to yield strong, positive results. WhereNet is making an important contribution to the future of the company. All of these things taken together paint a picture of optimism for Zebra. Our confidence remains high and our strategy is to build stockholder value as we enter the second half of the year and look beyond 2008.  In the second quarter, record sales were achieved in each of Zebra's international regions and secondly, we continue to reduce manufacturing variances, reduce receivables, and generate strong free cash flow. Those activities that led to strong growth in the first quarter in North America sustained business in the second. Fundamentally, North America remains healthy.  First, distributor sales of Zebra products increased better than 15%, as our Refresh Partners First Channel program pushed Zebra further ahead with valued reseller partners. Second, national account management continued to work a robust business pipeline and diversify our key base beyond retail, including growing activity in route accounting, health care, and government. These actions will ultimately help reduce the volatility associated with large deal business. We also saw a significant up tick in sales and small package delivery.  Following on our first-quarter success, we extended deeper in to establish top tier accounts with additional solutions. We also generated first-time bookings with new accounts, all as part of our effort focused on driving large deal business. A number of these deals incorporate wireless mobile printers, including Zebra's recently introduced lightweight MZ printer. Sales of the MZ have ramped nicely since being introduced at the end of last year.  Looking at the third quarter, we already received bookings for some of the deferred second-quarter business. In EMEA, robust sales in emerging areas such as Eastern Europe and Italy offset temporarily, moderating sales in the UK and Germany. During the quarter, we closed a number of notable deals, which gave us a high backlog going into the second half of the year. These deals include solutions in the retail, postal, industrial, and leisure verticals.  During the quarter, we relocated our offices in Poland to make room for a warehouse facility and label conversion operations that came on line in early July. We added a new EMEA supplies director to give greater leadership and focus in this area of opportunity. We also placed additional sales roles in India and Spain to strengthen our positions in these growth regions. The outlook for EMEA is favorable as we enter the second half of the year.  Sales in Latin America rebounded nicely following a soft start earlier in the year. We had solid performance across all of the printer lines, with particularly strong growth in mobile printers supporting several wins in route accounting. Without doubt, Asia-Pacific stood out as the important contributor to this quarter's sales growth. Leadership put in place a year ago has received growth, revived growth and positioned the region for further success. China is once again delivering the results we expected since boosting our investment in the country a few years ago. Part of our pursuit of new business is now a sharper focus on securing large deals in the region.  During the second quarter, several recent wins included new deals in postal and agriculture. For the second half of the year, we will be maintaining our investment activities in the region with the launch of our Partners First Channel Program in South Asia and China, strengthening sales support and replicating elements of the China model in other parts of the region to support additional growth. One of our businesses that has received less attention lately from investors has been RFID. I am pleased that activity has picked up notably in business improvement applications. Not driven by compliance labeling mandates, companies are beginning to adopt RFID solutions based on hard ROI numbers.  Zebra is now involved in several of these projects. Shortly after the end of the quarter, Zebra was chosen by a large global technology hardware company and its contract manufacturer to provide printer ink coders for its production lines. We're very excited about this development, which we won in a competitive bake-off. It demonstrates the quality of Zebra's RFID products and building momentum for the use of RFID technology.  While disappointed with the order delays, the underlying business activity makes us optimistic about an improving growth trend. Clearly, Zebra is benefiting from those activities that are enabling us to deliver world-class printing and automatic identification solutions. Our investments in building global reach, product breadth and worldwide channels continue to build a more formidable company. We look forward with confidence for continued growth in the second half of the year.  Now, here's Randy to give a detailed view of second-quarter results and the guidance for the third quarter of 2007. 
Charles Whitchurch: Thanks, Ed, and good morning, everyone. Second-quarter sales were just short of $209 million and up 11.5% and were at the lower end of our forecasted range. I might comment here at this point that our forecast was for $214 million, which is, our actual results was $5 million short and the entire difference here really came in very late in the quarter with the order deferrals and the inventory adjustment in some of our distribution accounts that Ed referred to earlier in our comments. So in the absence of what happened in the last couple of weeks of the quarter, we're going to be spot on with our forecast.  Hardware sales were double-digit, increasing 12.6%. We have particularly strong sales in our midrange printer line. New products accounted for 7.8% of second-quarter printer sales and this excludes any contribution from the addition of WhereNet and Swecoin products. Following five quarters of 10% plus growth, supply sales increased 2.2%, largely because of early quarter weakness in North America in the manufacturing and retail verticals. June showed some significant improvement and we had an improved backlog going into the third quarter, which makes us cautiously optimistic for the balance of the year.  In sharp contrast to the previous two quarters, North America was our weakest geography this quarter, up only 7.9%. Adding to Ed's comments, we did receive some orders from those deferred pieces of business already in the first few weeks of the third quarter. We want to remain cautious, however, on the timing of the balance of these deferred orders. Sales in EMEA, with $4.6 million of foreign exchange gains, were up by 9.9% to a new record of $76.2 million. On a constant currency basis, EMEA growth was 3.6%.  Softer sales occurred in the UK and Germany, which are the territory's two largest sub-regions, and we regard this weakness, however, as more of a hiccup based more on the timing of business, which strengthened as the quarter progressed. The EMEA region enters the third quarter with very strong momentum. Sales in Asia-Pacific and Latin America returned to very solid growth profiles. Latin America was up by 16.3%. Asia-Pacific was clearly the bright spot and was ahead by 38.7% in the quarter. We're seeing very positive results from the management changes made about a year ago, particularly in China, which had record sales for the quarter. Total international sales for the company were 52.9% of total sales and were up 14.9% over last year.  Consolidated gross margin for the quarter was 47.6% and in line with guidance. As expected, the negative effects of product mix masked excellent progress in reducing manufacturing variances from the peak in the fourth quarter of 2006. Operating expenses of $65.4 million were somewhat below forecast and included $5.8 million in charges for the amortization of intangibles and FAS 123R expenses compared with $2.7 million a year ago. Excluding these charges, operating margin was 18.9% versus 16.3% on a GAAP basis.  First-quarter investment income was $5.7 million with return on beginning balances of 5.1%. Net income computes to $0.37 a share. We generated $40 million in free cash flow. Receivables were down $12.3 million for the quarter with DSO falling to 54 days from 59.9 days. Inventories were flat and our cash position at the end of the quarter was $492 million.  We expect third-quarter sales to be between 208 and $220 million. Earnings should be in the range of $0.34 to $0.40 a share and this forecast assumes a gross margin between 47% and 48%. We expect operating expenses to be in the range of 66 to $68 million. This forecast includes approximately $3 million in FAS 123R expenses and $2.7 million in intangibles amortization. The effective tax rate for the second quarter will be 34.5%.  This concludes my formal remarks, and thank you for your attention. I will return the call to Ed for some closing comments. 
Ed Kaplan: Thanks, Randy. Over the years, Zebra has delivered exceptional growth in stockholder value. We first focused on printers and their specifications, building a reputation for durability and reliability that has created the strongest global brand in our industry. Over time, we have systematically added products and technologies that help people solve real problems in identifying, locating and tracking assets and people.  Today, our leadership extends across a broad product range. This greater portfolio is enabling Zebra to drive solutions deeper and wider across the enterprise and through the supply chain. These solutions, which incorporate industry-leading bar code and receipt printers, application specific media, photo ID printing, digital photo printing, and passive RFID make us increasingly valuable to our customer base.  WhereNet extends the solution set further. Active RFID and real-time locating systems are important components to Zebra's future. These additions give Zebra even greater capability and more tools for us to build stronger customer relationships. It distinguishes Zebra further from its competitors. In this way, we're clearly building greater value in Zebra for all of our stockholders. While still early in the integration process, we're already seeing customer interest in exploring the full suite of Zebra's specialty printing and automatic identification solutions  During the second quarter, we extended our reach into new applications with introduction of new products incorporating GPS location and Wi-Fi communication capabilities. GPS is particularly important in tracking motorized equipment. Wi-Fi adds flexibility to how WhereNet tags are used. We look to the second half of 2007 and beyond with optimism. Our Channel and Strategic Account Programs are delivering the results, as we use our broader technology and product base to serve a wider range of vertical market applications. Our global reach on these capabilities, as does the strength of our channel.  Thank you for your attention. We would now be happy to answer your questions. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Your first question comes from Jeff Rosenberg. 
Jeff Rosenberg - William Blair & Company: Good morning. Randy, I wanted to ask about gross margin expectations, keeping the gross margin guidance range the same as it was in Q2. Can you compare that to your prior comments that you expected to see gross margin begin to make some further progress in the second half and specifically I'm thinking about the benefits of foreign exchange and okay, so go ahead. 
Charles Whitchurch: Well, first of all, we're likely to get less of a comparative benefit on foreign exchange in this coming quarter than we have in past quarters. The differential between what we expect next quarter and last year is smaller, okay so it's going to be a smaller increase from foreign exchange. We are going to continue to improve our manufacturing variance performance. We've made really good progress on that early in the year. This quarter, in fact, manufacturing variances were 1.2% of sales. A year ago, they were 2.2% of sales. And they peaked in the fourth quarter of last year at 3.3% of sales. So you're going to see, by the fourth quarter, you're going to see some really substantial differences resulting from variances.  Now, all other things being equal, that would drop immediately to gross margin. But of course, all other things are not equal, and what we are indeed seeing as we are getting a half-point drag on gross margin from WhereNet, that it just operates it's currently a lower gross margin business. Now we expect that to improve over time, but there's no immediate forecast for that to happen in the upcoming quarter. And the other issue you've got working is product mix, and that's just one thing we try to be very conservative on, is inherently difficult to predict. The net of it all is the gross margins, we expect to improve sequentially on our internal forecast very slightly, but it's still within the range of guidance that we've provided to you. 
Jeff Rosenberg - William Blair & Company: So longer-term, as you look at your, from where you are today, just under 19% excluding the non-cash things, you want to get that up a couple hundred basis points I think over time. I mean how much of that comes from gross margin? 
Charles Whitchurch: Oh, yeah, the operating margin. 
Jeff Rosenberg - William Blair & Company: Yeah. 
Charles Whitchurch: Yeah. A portion of that is going to come from gross margin. We talked about some manufacturing cost reduction initiatives that we're embarking on, and we expect to see those begin to take effect hopefully starting later on this year and certainly in 2008. 
Jeff Rosenberg - William Blair & Company: Okay. The follow-up I wanted to ask you was the comment you made about bookings for some of the deferred business already occurring in the third quarter. I guess what I'm semantics maybe, but I would have thought you already had bookings and they got deferred, and so now you're saying you're getting booking. Can you clarify a little bit of exactly what's happened in the third quarter in terms of -- are you shipping this stuff already or what? 
Charles Whitchurch: Let's be clear in here. We fell short of our internal forecast by $5 million. If we hit the internal forecast, everybody would be happy right now. I mean you guys would be happy and we would be happy because you're happy. The reality is, as you take that $5 million, you can explain the entire amount of $5 million by some late quarter order deferrals from some major retail accounts in the US that occurred literally in the second half of June. And some inventory adjustments at one of our distributor accounts. Not ScanSource, okay. And the reality is, some of those order deferrals that we talked about have been booked in the third quarter and the balance, we're just being very cautious about at this point, when those will be booked. 
Mike Terzich: Jeff, this is Mike Terzich. Let me just add a point to that, to Randy's comment. I think we were pretty solid for 11 of the 13 weeks and the deferrals did occur late in the quarter. We were more conservative in looking at those deferrals in third quarter, primarily for two reasons. There were a couple of large pieces of business with some large retailers that have previously come out in the market and indicated that they've had soft business results.  We've learned over the course of time for a long time that oftentimes translates into technology deployment, number one. And number two, we realize that the window for the deployment of the technology really is the third quarter because they get into the holiday season and they do not take on the risk of deploying new technology in the fourth quarter of the year. So that explains a little bit of the reason, why you don't see the uptick in the guidance in Q3 over Q2 even though some of the business was deferred. 
Jeff Rosenberg - William Blair & Company: Okay. Thanks for that. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Chris Quilty with Raymond James. 
Chris Quilty - Raymond James: Good morning, gentlemen. 
Ed Kaplan: Good morning. 
Chris Quilty - Raymond James: Question for you, Randy, can you help us break down the North American market, if you were to strip out the WhereNet acquisition, what we're looking at for the organic growth? 
Charles Whitchurch: No, we're going to decline to do that. We've said early on, when we did the WhereNet acquisition that we were not going to be providing updates. And in essence, that would provide an update on what the situation is with WhereNet. I will only say that the expectations for growth in North America would have been entirely fulfilled had we not had these late quarter order deferrals. 
Chris Quilty - Raymond James: Okay. But if we look at on the other side, it's probably also fair to assume that some of the strength in the service and software also does reflect WhereNet. 
Charles Whitchurch: Yes, it does. 
Chris Quilty - Raymond James: Okay. 
Charles Whitchurch: Yeah, that's exactly right. It's a different product mix right now. They have a much stronger component of service and software within their product mix than the core Zebra does. We have traditionally operated with something on the order. I think the numbers were something like 80% of sales were hardware related. That's down to 75% now, and that's because of the addition of WhereNet. 
Chris Quilty - Raymond James: Okay. And can you just give us, whether it's you, Randy, or Ed, your general sense on the retail market. We had a big boom of activity going back to 2004, 2005 timeframe and it's been kind of muddling along for the last couple of years here. Is there a definitive trend you see in the market or any particular drivers for capital upgrade or point-of-sale equipment upgrade? 
Ed Kaplan: Actually, I think I'd defer that question to Mike. 
Mike Terzich: All right, Chris. It's been a, retail has been it's been tough going for the last several quarters. And where we benefited in the previous quarters as you've got two dimensions to retail? You've got new store deployments and refresh and then you have new technology sales to other retailers. And the business has been pretty solid in the Refresh and the additional store deployments, and it's been tough sledding in the new business side of the retail sector.  As you know, retail is very sensitive to their financial position and the state of the overall economy, and it swings, the technology deployments kind of swing pretty wildly with how they feel their business is progressing. And we see it on two dimensions.  We see it in order deferrals and I think Randy mentioned earlier in the call, when we look at our consumables business, we do a lot of label business through the retail sector of our business. So we expect that in the third quarter that is going to improve because you've got back-to-school promotions going on throughout retail. So we do feel that, that will improve, but a lot of the new technology deployments, it's kind of hit or miss. 
Charles Whitchurch: Another point to make, and I kind of, on our overall sales result -- one of the comments that was mentioned I think in Ed's part of the prepared remarks was that, sales out from distribution were strong during the quarter. And we use that internally as a proxy for the overall health of the market. Our overall assessment is that the market in North America is still pretty good.  We did have these late quarter issues, which caused some distortion I think in our quarterly results, but the market, overall, I think, is reasonably healthy. And again, the sales being, I think the number we quoted was 15% of sales out in different distribution, and that's a pretty good number. And we're kind of expecting that our results will overall reflect that, given if you can strip out the impact of these large orders, and the inventory of swings within the channel. 
Chris Quilty - Raymond James: Okay, and if I can, just a final question, Randy. You've commented that WhereNet played a role in the gross margin and product mix issue, but is really the larger question here on product mix just the fact that you are going faster in markets like Asia-Pacific, where customers are just going to want a lower value, lower margin product? 
Charles Whitchurch: I think strategically, that's always been an issue with us. We've had over time, as you know, a very substantial shift in our product sales from high-end to low-end printers. And the simple fact is, I think certain markets, certain parts of the world, there is a preference for those kinds of products.  That being said, over time, we've had shown a good ability to keep our gross margins at very healthy levels despite this product mix shift. And we've done a variety of things with reducing product costs, and we continue to work on that angle very hard in order to keep the margins at the level that they've historically been. So yeah, this is no new -- this is nothing new. We've had this trend going on for our entire life as a public company. 
Chris Quilty - Raymond James: Okay, great. Thank you, gentlemen. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Reik Read with Robert W. Baird. 
Reik Read - Robert W. Baird: Hey, good morning. I just want to go back to the comments Mike was giving us with respect to the new store in Refresh, that business has been good. Were you referring, Mike, to that is particularly sensitive to the financial position? Or is that the new technology component or both? And then also with that, can you just talk about why the deferrals, why you think the deferrals maybe occurred and how they are coming back as a result of that. 
Mike Terzich: Okay. I'll be happy to do that. Now the two sides of the business, let me make sure this is clear. We have very large installed bases of products throughout the retail chain and the Refresh of that technology, when you look at a lot of the mobile printing in retail, it has a life in the field of about three to four years because it gets, quite frankly, it just gets really beat up by the user community.  So, they have to replace that. That generally tends to be smoother over the economic cycles because they can't go without it. The challenge lies on the other side of retail, which is new business, new stores, new customers, if you will, and first deployments of the technology because by and large, there's good portions of retail that are still very under-penetrated with the technology. So that should give you a little bit more clarity on the retail space in general.  Now, the deferrals basically, what winds up happening here is the deferrals wind up coming from both camps, right? You have new business. You have some refreshes. They are typically driven by the financial performance of the retailers. In some cases, they are basically pushing stuff from Q2 to Q3. In other cases, they are pushing it to Q3 but not giving us, at this point, a firm commitment as to when we're going to deploy that. And in most of the cases that occurred in Q2, we actually have built the product.  So the product is sitting, waiting to go. And we've received some orders early in the quarter, which makes us feel better. But there are a couple of large pieces that were deferred that we haven't seen yet. 
Reik Read - Robert W. Baird: Okay. That's very helpful. And then just with respect to the inventory adjustment that you talked about, I guess two questions. Is one, what precipitates that? Is that the distributor? Is that you guys? What's in the marketplace there? And then secondly, is that complete? 
Mike Terzich: I'll take that as well, Reik. In the distribution channel, there are three metrics that we watch very carefully, okay. And it's basically the inventory position of the distributors, the sales out, as Randy indicated, as well as our share position. And all the indices in the quarter were very positive. We tend to watch the inventory position of the distributors as much as they do, and we carefully manage that process. So there were some adjustments that were made at the end of the quarter and we put ourselves in a better position as a consequence. And I would say that where we want to be with the inventory position of the distributors. 
Reik Read - Robert W. Baird: So there is no more actions that you would have to take is what you're suggesting, that actions completed? 
Mike Terzich: Correct. 
Reik Read - Robert W. Baird: Okay, great. Thank you so much. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Ajit Pai with Thomas Weisel Partners. 
Ajit Pai - Thomas Weisel Partners: Yeah. Good morning. 
Ed Kaplan: Good morning. 
Ajit Pai - Thomas Weisel Partners: A couple of quick questions. The first is, just looking at the cash balance that you have right now, could you prioritize what the uses of that cash would be, relative to further acquisitions with the pipeline there, as well as your share buyback, are you planning to use it? 
Charles Whitchurch: Well, this is the same message we've given in prior quarters. This is the principal focus for our use of the cash is on acquiring companies to grow the company and secondarily for share buyback. And right now, the focus is entirely on acquisitions and we have a very active pipeline of opportunities. And right now, there is no formal authorization from the Board for share buyback at this point. 
Ajit Pai - Thomas Weisel Partners: Okay. The second question is just related to some of the recent acquisitions that you made, and also RFID has been a business you've been investing in for a while. And we've had seen a slowdown that I think Ed's commentary suggested is turning to an acceleration over there.  Could you give us some color as to what the impact on the operating margins of some of these new investments is going to be over the next, two to maybe eight quarters? As it grows as a percentage of your business, do you expect them to have a negative impact on the operating margins or an improvement? 
Charles Whitchurch: Well, I'm going to decline to comment on that point at this time. 
Ajit Pai - Thomas Weisel Partners: Okay, thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from David Sterman with Jessup & Lamont. 
David Sterman - Jessup & Lamont: Good morning. I've got most of my questions answered. Might be there was some intermittent cutting out of the call. So just a couple numbers I missed. What was the European sales growth pre currency adjustment? 
Charles Whitchurch: 9.9%. 
David Sterman - Jessup & Lamont: Okay. And you said that's south. Did I hear you right, 53% of sales now are from international? 
Charles Whitchurch: Yeah, that's right. 
David Sterman - Jessup & Lamont: Okay. If we could spend a little time on the North American market, and I understand there's timing issues associated with some order deferrals and other issues on the plate. But just wondering if you could give us a little look at what you're seeing in terms of end markets '07, '08 here in North America relative to either certain end markets maturing or the competitive environment.  Because I guess that's the hard part to track on a quarter-to-quarter basis and I'm trying to see a broader trend -- how a broader trend shakes out. So I'm wondering if you can just talk about North America, what you're seeing in the next few quarters. 
Mike Terzich: David, this is Mike Terzich. By and large, I think I'm going to go back to what Randy said earlier. When we look at the health of the business, North America is pretty broadly distributed across multiple vertical markets. And by and large, that is pretty healthy. We had very solid double-digit growth on sales out basis through distribution.  That's always a good indicator for us for the health of the business. As you may know, we've been very steep and long, our history is very steep and long in a lot of the manufacturing supply chain sector, transportation and logistics. And those pieces of the business are pretty solid. And it's a combination of the high-touch selling effort that we've adopted to go after what I call the top of the pyramid accounts across multiple vertical markets.  We're focused on about 300 accounts across multiple vertical markets. This is large deal business. We're penetrating some new accounts. We have got a, our pipelines are growing, so the indications are that this is more a bump in the road for us in the second quarter than a harbinger of things to come. 
David Sterman - Jessup & Lamont: Okay great. And then just shifting gears quickly over to the RTLS base, I know that since the acquisition of WhereNet it sounds like you guys are participating in a range of pilot programs. But as we saw with passive RFID, there was a lot of pilot activity that didn't necessarily translate into full-scale deployments. And I'm wondering if you can characterize the dynamics in the RTLS market and are you seeing pilots that are setting the stage for larger deployments or more just pilots that people feeling out the technology for now? 
Ed Kaplan: I would say that we're very optimistic about the conversion of the programs that we're involved with into real orders. The difficult part of this always is what the exact timeline. 
David Sterman - Jessup & Lamont: And I guess nothing you can share with us, it sounds like your visibility is not strong in terms of some conversion into a full-scale business. 
Ed Kaplan: I'm just not motivated to go ahead and share with you the details of each of the accounts and circumstances. 
David Sterman - Jessup & Lamont: Okay. I guess the final question on WhereNet, can you at least share with us relative to the time you made the acquisition, which I guess is now a little while back, where -- how the industry has evolved in your view positively or negatively, how would you characterize the evolution up till now? 
Charles Whitchurch: Yeah, I think it's a little too early to characterize any changes in our view on that. I think, as Ed said, I think we continue to be very positive about the sector. I think one of the things that is uniquely different about the active RFID business, then the passives RFID supply chain business is that there are clearly demonstrable returns on investment from the deployment of the technology. This is well beyond the stage that the passive RFID is at, where they are still struggling to demonstrate a return on investment in many of the supply chain applications. The applications that we're involved in now are very strong, have very strong ROIs. 
David Sterman - Jessup & Lamont: And then, just as a final question on WhereNet. When do you think we might start to be able to see a breakout and a meteor discussion from the revenue perspective or backlog perspective with WhereNet? 
Charles Whitchurch: I wouldn't be able to give you any sense on timing of that right now. At some point I probably be some, but not in the immediate future. That's for sure. 
David Sterman - Jessup & Lamont: Okay. All right. Thank you very much. 
Operator: You have a follow up question from Reik Read with Robert W. Baird. 
Reik Read - Robert W. Baird: Just a follow-up on the top 300 accounts that Mike talked about as kind of the national accounts that you are working with and you guys have been developing solutions for that. Can you characterize for us where that process is in terms of level of penetration? I know you are talking about getting some success there, but can you talk about where you are in terms of penetrating those accounts? 
Ed Kaplan: Okay. This is part and parcel, Reik, of our high-touch sales strategy that I think we've talked about over the last couple of calls. And it is intended to put Zebra in a position, where we are just taking more control over demand generation. The primary purpose of this is to still flow that business through the channel, and it's across most of the vertical markets that we've been focusing on historically as a company.  And the nucleus of it obviously started from that retail space. So we have been engaged across all of the verticals. I couldn't tell you today how deep within each of the 300 we have been. But the effort is underway and we're working hand-in-hand with a variety of channel partners across these spaces, some of which fulfill that business, by the way, through distribution, which is reflected in the sales out numbers that Randy was talking about earlier. 
Reik Read - Robert W. Baird: Okay. That's great. And then just one more question on WhereNet. With respect to, within the last I dont know its two or three months now that the WhereNet technology was adopted by one of the ISO standards, to what extent is that helping things out? And to what extent are you able to identify some incremental sales opportunities given that Zebra probably brings something to WhereNet in terms of opportunity? 
Ed Kaplan: I think standards are generally a good thing and recognition by high-profile agencies are a positive for Zebra. I don't know that we can go ahead and look at our pipeline and evaluate where standards have had an impact and where they haven't had an impact. The thing for us with this technology is that it's, while it's been around for a long time. It's suitability to create real value for corporations, is really a relatively new thing. And so we are mostly in an education process in terms of communicating to various vertical markets, the benefits that they can get from the technology. So that's really our strategy at this point. 
Reik Read - Robert W. Baird: Okay. Great, thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Greg Halter with Great Lakes Review. 
Greg Halter - Great Lakes Review: Good morning. There's been discussion about moving some of your manufacturing to lower cost areas at some point. I just wondered if you've made any more progress in that thought process. 
Charles Whitchurch: We are continuing to work on that. As I said, we have had, over the years, a very systematic program to reduce manufacturing costs and maintain our gross margin, and that effort continues. We're moving along in the process. And I can't report anything more on that program at this particular point. 
Greg Halter - Great Lakes Review: Okay. One last one. It's our understanding that WhereNet had some net operating loss carry forwards that may impact your tax rate at some point. And just wonder if you could give us a status on that situation. 
Charles Whitchurch: No. Not at this point. 
Greg Halter - Great Lakes Review: Okay. Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Andrew Matorin with Bear Stearns. 
Andrew Matorin - Bear Stearns: Hi thanks. With respect to WhereNet and the Swecoin acquisitions, can you just give us a little more insight as to whether, how it's tracking relative to your expectations heading into the deals, any color you can provide there? 
Ed Kaplan: The only thing I would say about WhereNet in terms of tracking, is that this is a business that gets large orders. Since the basic business is relatively small, there's lumpiness in the orders and [technical difficulty]. I'm sorry. Do we have a connection problem? 
Andrew Matorin - Bear Stearns: I think you broke out there for a moment. 
Ed Kaplan: Okay. Can you hear me now? 
Andrew Matorin - Bear Stearns: Yes. 
Ed Kaplan: Okay, good. What I was talking about was that WhereNet's business is a very lumpy business. It's a small base, and so consequently, predictability of revenues on a month by month or a quarter by quarter basis tends to be difficult because of that nature of their business. We've been very pleased with a variety of customers that have expressed interest in our technology and specifically, the breadth of technology that Zebra is offering.  So by virtue of being in the RTLS space, it has a positive impact on other parts of our business. As it relates to the kiosk business, what we've discovered here is that our reach, Zebra's general reach on a global basis from a company that had a very modest size and very limited reach, is paying off for us. So our pipeline has been improved as a result of that acquisition and we would expect conversion of that into real business as the year rolls on. 
Andrew Matorin - Bear Stearns: And with respect to that, you had mentioned that WhereNet was a drag on gross margins. Could you comment a little bit about Swecoin and its gross margin profile? 
Charles Whitchurch: No. That gets into the area of individual product lines and we're not going to make any comments about that. Although, I will say that the way we look at Swecoin is as another product line within our specialty printing group rather than as a separate entity now. So it's entirely rolled in. It's just another product line like mobile and high-end printers and things like that. 
Andrew Matorin - Bear Stearns: Okay. Just with respect to foreign exchange, you had made a comment that you expect to see less of a benefit this quarter than in Q2. What is the expectations embedded in your guidance for foreign exchange? 
Charles Whitchurch: The expectation is for a EURO exchange rate of $1.34. 
Andrew Matorin - Bear Stearns: Okay. Very good. And then, can you provide us with any update on the CEO search and where things stand there? 
Ed Kaplan: We're actively working on it, but I don't have anything else to share with you at this point in time. 
Andrew Matorin - Bear Stearns: Okay. Thank you very much. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Andrew Abrams with Avian Securities. 
Andrew Abrams - Avian Securities: Guys, I wonder if you could just talk a little bit about new products and new product development and the percentage of new products that show up in the sales numbers. You've been running, if I remember correctly, at the 10 or a little below the 10 level, and expectations were that things would start to pick up. Is there something on the horizon that you can point to for the next two or three quarters that are going to increment that new product percentage as we go forward, excluding any acquisitions that you might make? 
Mike Terzich: Andrew, this is Mike Terzich. I'll answer that. And the answer is yes, we have some planned releases of products in the third, fourth quarter, and first quarter of 2008, that will lift our performance in that particular segment. 
Andrew Abrams - Avian Securities: And would you expect the numbers to increment above where they've been for the last two or three quarters or are we just talking about kind of in that range? 
Mike Terzich: No. I would expect that it will increment above and you have to recognize, too, that there's, because we sell through channel, it's typically about a two to three-quarter ramp-up for those products to get fully indoctrinated throughout our distribution network. But by and large, it will increment up for a significant product. 
Andrew Abrams - Avian Securities: In the deferrals that you guys got from the retail sector, was there a particular segment of the retail sector where this tended to come from or are these customers just broad-based retailers? 
Mike Terzich: I would say just it's broad-based. 
Andrew Abrams - Avian Securities: Great, thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from [Amos] Jeremy Grant with Stanford Group. 
Jeremy Grant - Stanford Group: Good morning. Jeremy Grant with Stanford. I want to ask a little bit more about G&A in the quarter. It was, I guess, on the high side where you've been historically the last few quarters as a percentage of revenue. Is there any color you can shed on that? 
Charles Whitchurch: Yeah, there is. Overall G&A expenses were up about 26% on reported numbers, good portion of that came from acquisition-related growth. In fact, if you factor in the impact of foreign exchange, I might remind you that everybody talks about the benefit of foreign exchange on the revenue side, which is the impact of the euro. But we've sterling denominated operating expenses, and when the pound is trading near $2 that kind of hurts and a portion of the operating expense increase was the result of that.  Overall, when you factor in foreign exchange, the increase in the intangibles, and 123R expenses, and the acquired expenses from acquisitions we've done over the last year, 16 points almost 27 points of growth in operating expenses came from those factors. The core business, Zebra year ago, the operating expenses were up 11%. While that is higher than the sales growth rate, the numbers that are reported are a little bit distorted from the factors, I mentioned above. 
Jeremy Grant - Stanford Group: Okay. Going forward, are you able to give guidance as to whether that, I think it's around 9.5% of revenue is what we should expect? 
Charles Whitchurch: Well, when you get on a comp basis, obviously the growth, a truly comparable basis, the growth in the OpEx is going to moderate. It's obviously something we have to be very mindful of going forward. Our expectation is when we're planning out the business is to grow the operating expenses less than the sales growth rate. And that hasn't worked this last quarter for sure, and that clearly didn't help us. But the truth is that the operating expenses are within the budget we set for the quarter. The problem is the sales didn't reach the number that we had anticipated for this particular quarter. They tend to be a little more volatile, as we've already talked about extensively. 
Jeremy Grant - Stanford Group: Sure. Just talking a bit, you mentioned manufacturing variances and the cost of that going down and how that impacts the gross margin profile a little bit. Most of the variances, what you seen the reduction as the hangover from the [RoHS regs] fades away or are there other factors? 
Charles Whitchurch: Yeah, that is. That's exactly what it is. 
Jeremy Grant - Stanford Group: Okay. 
Charles Whitchurch: That was a conversion that was, a lot of companies have been reporting that they have had increased expenses, as a result of the RoHS conversion and we're no different from that. And we're squeezing that out of the system overtime and we're going to make further progress on it this quarter. 
Jeremy Grant - Stanford Group: Okay. And in terms of long-term, I know you said before, looking to obviously bring the gross margin profile back above 50%, guidance for next quarter obviously is much closer to what we've seen in the last two quarters. What has to happen over the long-term say next two to eight quarters to get back above that 50% profile again? 
Charles Whitchurch: Well, I think we've to make further progress on the manufacturing variance front, and then, make some progress on reducing the, what I would characterize as the standard cost of the product, the core cost of the products we make. And we've programs in place to make sure that happen. 
Jeremy Grant - Stanford Group: Okay. 
Charles Whitchurch: So, we will migrate up, all other things being equal, the all other things mean product mix and foreign exchange. We will see an improvement in margin overtime, gross margin. 
Jeremy Grant - Stanford Group: Right. And my final question was, did you guys provide average sales price for prints or number of printer sold? 
Charles Whitchurch: Actually, we didn't provide that. I suppose the next question is what was it, right? 
Jeremy Grant - Stanford Group: Yeah that would be my follow-up. 
Charles Whitchurch: Well, why don't you holdout I'll start to give you some numbers here and see if I can dig that out for you and you can go on to another question and I'll come back. We will follow up on that, okay? 
Jeremy Grant - Stanford Group: Sure. Only other question I had was you mentioned backlog, I think was up. Do you guys give a backlog number? 
Charles Whitchurch: No, we don't. 
Jeremy Grant - Stanford Group: Okay. I'm done then. 
Charles Whitchurch: Okay. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Scott Scher with Clovis Capital. 
Scott Scher - Clovis Capital: A quick question. Ed, can you comment on when you think the business will get back to a level that's sort of more consistently predictable? 
Ed Kaplan: You like predictability? 
Scott Scher - Clovis Capital: Well, it just saves us a lot of gray hair, but I don't think it's the most important thing. I think look, I think last year people were open to understanding the RoHS issues. I think you came into this year with quite a bit of enthusiasm that things were going to get better. You made an acquisition. You seem optimistic every conference call.  And I think it's been six quarters of okay, when is this company going to get back to predictability? You've got a fantastic 20-year history of being able to be predictable at certain points of time. And I was curious, if you have some thoughts as to what's preventing you from being predictable. Is it management? Is it forecasting in this world is getting more difficult? Do you feel like you're doing a good job, but it's just too impossible to forecast this business anymore? I'm just curious what your thoughts are on that issue? 
Ed Kaplan: We should have a beer and look at each other's checkpoints. We could have a hell of conversation. 
Scott Scher - Clovis Capital: I love beer. That's not a problem. 
Ed Kaplan: Okay. Next time you're in the neighborhood. 
Charles Whitchurch: He'll be here tomorrow. 
Ed Kaplan: Doug said you'll be here tomorrow. Okay. The, when of more stability, and fewer surprises is something that I don't think, I can directly comment on. But I would definitely tell you that the company is going through a series of transitions, and some of those transitions, the fallout from them have not been a surprise. And others, there have been a surprise. And if I reflect back over the course of the last 2.5 years, when we had the sharp decline in gross margin, couple years ago, that was strongly affected by change in currency and simultaneous change in mix of the products that we sold. And that knocked us for a loop and really caused us great pain in terms of adjustment.  The second event of note, which has already come up in this conversation, while we planned very far in advance relative to RoHs, and we didn't disappoint our customers in terms of delivering RoHS compatible products. It had a very, very penetrating and deep impact on the manufacturing operations of this business, and particularly things like inventory levels, and on-time delivery and variances were all going in the wrong direction; and from the middle of last year on, we faced that. We've now gone ahead and here in early '07, done an acquisition; that acquisition is a different kind of business than Zebra's core business.  It's a business that as you saw from some of the financial metrics that Randy was talking about, start moving some of our metrics in different directions. So, we've a business here that currently has a lower gross margin. It goes ahead and affects the overall gross margin of the business. We have a company that has a large component of software and services, much different than Zebra's historical business, and it has a base of business very large order business that is all sold on a direct basis, which gives us a different profile than the traditional bar-code and card business, which is really predominantly channel business versus direct business.  So, it's those drivers that are creating I'm not sure what you would call it, the instability, in the business, and so there's adjustments to those circumstances that are going on. Now, I think that the first two that I mentioned, we've adjusted to reasonably well, and things are improving in that regard. Relative to the WhereNet acquisition, and how it's going to affect the company going forward, we're working on that, and I'm very optimistic about how that is going to affect the growth of the top line and the bottom line of the business, as we go forward.  But there is some turbulence, as we do that. So, while I don't think, I gave you an answer directly to your question of when, I think even perhaps, maybe have a little better context for what it is we're facing. 
Scott Scher - Clovis Capital: Thank you. 
Charles Whitchurch: Okay, I'm going to have to interrupt at this point and give you one additional question, and I'm also going to respond to a question earlier about units. So, we shipped in the quarter 226,000 plus units, and the AUP was $573. So, one more question, and I will let you guys go on to your next conference call. 
Operator: Your next question comes from (inaudible). 
Unidentified Analyst: A couple of quick questions. One is I'm just trying to reconcile a couple of statements from the conference call. On the one hand, you guys talked about unexpected order of deferrals very late in the quarter impacting the revenue line a little bit. And later, I think you talked about how June showed some significant improvement, and you guys had improving backlog going into Q3. So I'm kind of confused on what the view actually look like in June. Was it order deferrals late in the quarter or...? 
Charles Whitchurch: The comment about the strengthening of the business had to do with Europe. Europe had some weakness that they felt early in the quarter. And their business strengthened throughout the quarter, and they, the region of Europe went into the third quarter with a really positive outlook on their business. Overall in North America, on the other hand, we had very late in the quarter, some very specific order deferrals and inventory adjustments, which had an impact of $5 million on the top line. We can just specifically identify that. 
Unidentified Analyst: Got you 
Charles Whitchurch: Exclusive of that, my point was, we would have been very much on the forecast that we had provided to you. 
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And then two more quickies. So then if backlog being improved going to Q3, is that specifically referring to Europe or --? 
Charles Whitchurch: That specifically referred to our European business. They feel very, mind you that the European business tends to be because of the vacation and the holiday schedule in Europe, tends to be their softest quarter of the year. 
Unidentified Analyst: Got you. 
Charles Whitchurch: But they go into their third quarter feeling pretty good about things. So, that made us feel pretty good, right? So, we had, go ahead. 
Unidentified Analyst: That's encouraging to hear. And one last question. The impact of working capital on operating cash flow in Q3, any sort of insights that you can give or do you think working capital should be positive or in addition to --? 
Charles Whitchurch: I think, working capital is going to be, over the next several quarters, will be neutral. 
Unidentified Analyst: Neutral, okay. All right, thanks you guys. 
Charles Whitchurch: That's going to have to end the call for today. I want to remind you that the next call is scheduled for I believe Monday, October 22nd, and we look forward to talking to you about third-quarter results at that time. Thanks very much for your participation today. 
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's Zebra Technologies' second-quarter earnings release conference call. This call will be available for replay beginning at 2 O'clock PM Eastern Standard Time today through 11:59 PM Eastern Standard Time on Wednesday, August 8, 2007. The conference ID number for the replay is 1049754. Again and the conference ID number for the replay is 1049754. The number to dial for the replay is 706-645-9291. Again, the number to dial for the replay is 706-645-9291.
