===== 2025 Q1  (2025-05-01 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Hubbell Incorporated First Quarter 2025 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers' presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Please be advised today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Dan Innamorato, you may begin.
Daniel Innamorato: Thanks, operator. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us. Earlier this morning, we issued a press release announcing our results for the first quarter of 2025. The press release and slides are posted to the Investors section of our website at hubbell.com. I'm joined today by our Chairman, President and CEO, Gerben Bakker; and our Executive Vice President and CFO, Bill Sperry. Please note our comments this morning may include statements related to the expected future results of our company. These are forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Please note the discussion of forward-looking statements in our press release will consider to incorporate by reference of this call. Additionally, comments may also include non-GAAP financial measures. Those measures are reconciled for the comparable GAAP measures, which are included in the press release and slides. Now let me turn the call over to Gerben.
Gerben Bakker: Great. Thanks, Dan. Good morning. Thank you for joining us to discuss Hubbell's first quarter 2025 results. Our results in the quarter were driven by continued strong operating performance in our Electrical Solutions segment and a return to organic growth in grid infrastructure, offset by anticipated softness in grid automation and the impact of increased cost inflation from higher raw material prices and tariffs. In Electrical Solutions, we delivered mid-single-digit organic growth with continued adjusted operating margin expansion and strong core adjusted operating profit growth. Our segment unification efforts and our strategy to complete -- compete collectively are driving out growth in key vertical markets, most notably evidenced by strong data center growth in first quarter. From an operational standpoint, we continue to simplify our business to drive productivity and operating efficiencies, which we are confident will drive long-term margin expansion. In Utility Solutions, while grid automation sales were down on challenging prior year comparisons as anticipated, our grid infrastructure business returned to organic growth in the quarter. Transmission and substation markets remain strong as utility customers invest to interconnect new sources of low 10 generation on the grid. We delivered another quarter of double-digit growth across these markets in the quarter as our leading positions and premium brands position us well to capitalize on a growing funnel of project opportunities. In distribution markets, we are encouraged by recent order trends and are confident that we are emerging from the recent period of customer inventory normalization. Before I turn it over to Bill to discuss the results and our outlook in more detail, I'd like to provide some opening comments on how we are positioning Hubbell to mitigate recent cost inflation and near-term macroeconomic uncertainty. Hubbell is a U.S.-centric manufacturing company with more than 90% of our sales in the U.S. and a largely U.S.-based manufacturing footprint. Our international sales are served primarily on a local-for-local basis. While recent raw materials, inflation and tariffs implemented in February and March drove a headwind in the first quarter, we have already implemented action to offset those impacts within 2025, and we are taking the actions necessary to offset the more recent impact of reciprocal tariffs. Cost inflation cycles are not new to Hubbell, we have successfully dealt with them before, and we have a playbook in place with several levers at our disposal to drive continued profitable growth under a range of scenarios. From a market standpoint, while the macroeconomic environment has become more dynamic over the last several months, we see no net change to our prior near-term and long-term views. We believe the current environment warrants caution and continued proactive cost management with strong recent order trends and favorable end markets can support our forward growth expectations. Additionally, our markets are not only bolstered by near and long-term growth megatrends, but it also proven to be more resilient during periods of economic uncertainty. We are maintaining our full year 2025 outlook this morning and remain confident in our ability to achieve our financial and strategic commitments. With that, let me turn it over to Bill.
William Sperry: Thanks very much, Gerben. Good morning, everybody. I appreciate you taking time to be with us. We're quite aware. It's a busy morning. I'm going to start my comments on Page 4, and we'll be using the slides that you hopefully found. So the first quarter results for Hubbell were strong performance from the Electrical segment, strong performance from great infrastructure, some headwinds from grid automation as they faced a very difficult prior year comparison. And I would say that first quarter performance sets itself up now for normal ramped-up seasonality and for us to deliver and support the full year target and expectations that we have. On the cost side, we had some incremental headwinds from higher raw material prices and tariffs. We're going to talk about tariffs and more robustly in a little bit. We're lumping in raw material inflation just because we think about it as what we need to offset with price and productivity. And I think we're going to provide slightly unique challenge for you all in our LIFO-based income statement. We are recognizing these cost increases as they happen. The FIFO reporters will be a quarter or so down the road before they start recognizing those costs. So we're going to really be showing you a little bit of that gap, but we've got as Gerben highlighted actions to offset those and able to hold on to our initial targets. So on Page 4 on the left, when you see sales of $1.365 billion. The decrease largely driven by the divestiture of residential lighting quite flat, otherwise, where the growth we experienced in the Electrical segment as well as in grid infrastructure was essentially offset by the decline in grid automation as they faced a tougher compare. We like to look at the sales sequentially as well, not just year-over-year and up 2% with strong orders, and we'll talk more about that as we look forward to the balance of the year. But really those -- the order book is supporting a strong seasonal ramp up. The second column, you see operating profit and you see the OP down to $264 million. Margins down 40 basis points. That includes 1 point of positive price and then some headwind from the material costs creating about a $10 million drag of price and productivity against material inflation, tariffs and other inflation. Absent these $10 million drag, you would have seen margins expand nicely. And I make that comment just because we're going to be offsetting that drag in the second half of the year. So the durable margins underlying that would have been up, and we think that's a good sign. I'm going to now unpack performance by segment. And starting on Page 5, we'll start with Utility Solutions. You see the sales of $857 million down 4% from prior year. That's comprised of low single-digit growth on the infrastructure side and 15% contraction on grid automation. The infrastructure side accounts for about three-quarters of the segment and the markets are continuing in good shape in the transmission and substation side, double-digit growth by us. We feel very good about our strong positioning and differentiated solutions in fast-growing market here. That's being driven by grid modernization and electrification trends. And that's got nice momentum and has been growing strongly, expected to continue. Distribution was down in the quarter. But again, importantly, sales and orders up sequentially. As Gerben had mentioned, the customer and channel inventory normalization has really been a nagging headwind in 2024 for the grid infrastructure business unit. Particularly for distribution products and telecom portion of enclosures. We would say that by the sequential and orders, we would say that normalization period by the end of the quarter here, we've reached it and the period of destocking is now behind us. We're happy to say. So we're looking forward to seeing kind of a book and build demand. The orders across all of grid infrastructure up double-digits and up sequentially, and that's really a broad-based trend where we're seeing that in all three areas of transmission, substation, distribution and telecom. On the grid automation side, you see that business being down teens and that mid-teens that compares to a prior year comp of up 30%. So certainly a tough compare. The sales are flattening sequentially from the fourth quarter, and we're seeing the large project roll-offs being backfilled by smaller projects and MRO activity. So I think we see grid automation now in kind of a steadier environment rather than being consistent downdraft. We think it's nice, steady based on these smaller projects and MRO. The margins in utility, you see $180 million of operating profit, a decline of 80 basis points of margin this is really, where you see a lot of the price cost productivity headwind that we described. Our Utility segment has a higher mix of LIFO units than does our Electrical segment. And so we're seeing those costs hitting the P&L sooner here in the utility, which is dragging those margins down just a little bit. Talking about Electrical on Page 6. Another strong quarter for the Electrical segment. You see mid-single-digit growth when we net out the M&A impact of the divestiture of residential lighting. We have finally now lapped that so we won't have to continue to torture you by kind of manually putting that out to make same-store sales comparisons for you. Strong margin expansion of 5% growth, 70 basis point improvement in margin. Likewise, if you pulled the lighting results out of the prior year to make it comparable, you'd see something closer to the double-digit growth. So a strong quarter for the segment. If we look at the 5% sales growth, data centers was our largest contributor. We had double-digit growth in the balance of systems, which are products like our connectors and grounding product, wiring devices and the like. Good momentum in that space, healthy growth. And our PCX business strong growth there as well. So big contribution from data centers to the segment. Ex data center results are slightly more mixed, where on the light industrial side, which is where our Birdy brand is. We saw strong growth. We're benefiting there from Mega projects, think of large industrial factories like chip plants as well as a general trend of industrial reshoring, helping in light industrial. On the heavy side, a little bit more mixed performance, where oil and gas was a good contributor on the non-res side, we saw some softness, which is consistent with the past few quarters. We're pleased that we got good results from a vertical market strategy. That led to some contributions from new product development as well as some customer conversions as our newly aligned sales force is proving to be effective in the marketplace. On the OP side, you see 70 basis points of margin expansion, 5% growth to $84 million of OP. And that's driven really by the volume growth, efficiency gains from our compete collectively initiatives and some price cost productivity headwinds, little bit less impactful the utility as they have a higher FIFO mix, but nonetheless, a drag from that in the Electrical segment. We thought it would be helpful on Page 7 to break down the tariff exposure and to be clear that we're including in the tariff exposure, the inflationary pressure on raw materials that those tariffs are influenced even if they're not direct tariffs. And we're hoping that Page 7 helps, shine the light here. So you see, as Gerben had mentioned, a U.S. centric company, but with global supply chain, Mexico being about mid-teens of mix, China mid-single digits and the rest of the world less than five. We've find it most useful to separate the effects into two different buckets. And the first category on the left is really the effects in the first quarter from tariffs that were implemented in February and March, but also you see we're including higher raw material costs. So even if we're not paying tariff on student on steel/aluminum, those commodities have experienced inflation. And in the way we calculate this $135 million impact on 2025 from a cost perspective, about half of that is these -- just these raw material costs and the balance being tariffs. And we've got a set of initiatives that Gerben gave you a little insight to leading with price. We've been in communications with our customers with letters. We have enacted those price increases. They're effective in mid-April, and we've now been taking orders at those new prices and the stick rate gives us confidence on this call, even though it's a little early to let you know that we will neutralize that $135 million impact within calendar year 2025. The second column is the reciprocal tariffs that were enacted in April, we too will neutralize these effects using price and productivity levers. And those mitigation actions are underway. We've been in contact with our customers. Those price increases are not yet fully implemented. They're expected to go in later this month. And so we don't know about stick rates as well. And so while we're confident we'll offset and neutralize these -- it's not fully clear yet that that will happen within calendar year '25, given the LIFO lag and the fact that we'll be recognizing these costs immediately. So to see when we get to the outlook page, we've given you a little bit of a sensitivity. We're targeting to get all of this offset and neutralized within calendar year. But it's possible it takes until the first quarter of next year, and we'll certainly keep you updated as those impacts become a little more clear. So our outlook is on Page 8 and you see that we are maintaining our 2025 adjusted EPS outlook range. And that involves organic growth of 6% to 8%. We believe that the markets are intact. And so about half of that or 3% to 4%, we think is going to come from volume and the balance of 3% to 4% will be coming from price. And so that price -- those price actions, again, confident that we'll be offsetting that first phase of the first quarter tariffs and inflation on materials. And you can see that illustrated by the red and green bars offsetting each other, getting back to the original range. The second set of reciprocals. We're targeting neutral, but we wanted to highlight a $0.50 sensitivity just in case the LIFO accounting recognizes a little more cost before the price can hit, and we'll be able to update you certainly next quarter on how that's going. So the guidance is intact. Free cash flow, you saw on the opening page, a little bit down quarter-over-quarter, but certainly in line to hit our target of 90% or greater of net income on the free cash flow. You'll see on the right some comments on modeling considerations that we can talk about as much of that in Q&A as you want. But essentially, we're anticipating a ramp, and that's going to allow us to get some growth -- good growth in the second quarter. We wanted to end -- that's obviously, guidance is around '25. We wanted to end on Page 9 with some comments that maybe extend beyond '25 into '26 and beyond and I wanted to talk about the balance sheet, which we think is in great shape, it's very poised to support an active level of investment as well as returns to shareholders. You can see in the graph, we're depicting for the three year period of '25 to '27 about $3.5 billion of operating cash flow, burden that with CapEx gets to about $3 billion of free cash flow with dividends and anti-dilutive share repurchases. We get to about $2 billion of cash generation, that excludes and ignores the borrowing capacity inherent in the balance sheet, which would more than double that number. And our bias is to deploy that into acquisitions. We think acquisitions give us the best way to improve the depth and breadth of our product positioning continue to deepen our importance to our customers, add critical technologies as well as provide very attractive rates of return on capital. But we also have flexibility on the share repurchase side. And just to remind everybody, our authorization on that side had been increased earlier this year, order of magnitude of $600 million of availability. We did buy $125 million worth of shares in Q1. We believe at attractive valuations and certainly, the share repurchase lever is available to us as you can see the balance sheet and capital deployment here. I wanted Gerben to comment on the left-hand side, certainly, the T&D core business is critical both to us achieving our '25 guide, but also to success beyond that. So ask Gerben to comment on that, please.
Gerben Bakker: Great. Thanks, Bill. And before we turn the call over to Q&A, let me provide some more context on T&D trends as we are beginning to see evidence of acceleration in areas of the portfolio, which face customer inventory normalization throughout 2024. Grid infrastructure orders were up double-digits year-over-year in the first quarter and up solidly versus the fourth quarter and order trends were strong across each of the end markets. More importantly, underlying end market dynamics are strong and forward outlooks for major customers have recently increased. On average, over the past six months, multi-year capital plans from a representative group of our top investor-owned utility customers have revised upwards by approximately 10% from prior multi-year plans. As we have previously communicated, we believe T&D markets are at the early stages of a long-term investment cycle, underpinned by secular trends in grid modernization and electrification. We are confident that we are emerging from the recent period of customer inventory normalization with leading positions, solutions and service levels that will enable Hubbell to effectively capitalize on this visible long-term opportunity. And to conclude this morning's prepared remarks and turning my comments back to all of Hubbell, we are confident in our ability to execute through near-term uncertainties and deliver on our financial commitments in 2025. We are focused as a management team to drive the needed actions to navigate this dynamic environment, and we view it as our obligation to manage the short term. We have a demonstrated track record over the last several years of executing effectively through a wide range of macroeconomic and inflationary environments, and we will continue to do so moving forward. But we are also not losing sight of the long-term opportunities ahead of us, and we are increasingly confident that our utility and electrical customers will do significantly more business with Hubbell over the next several years. This confidence is underpinned by our unique leading positions in markets supported by visible megatrends as well as recent customer insights and order trends. We anticipate that our attractive long-term growth outlook, combined with structural opportunities in our operating model and capital deployment levels will continue to drive consistent shareholder value creation. With that, let me turn the call over to Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Jeffrey Sprague with Vertical Research. Your line is open.
Jeffrey Sprague: Hey, thank you. good morning everyone. Maybe just to start on guidance, if we could. Coincidentally, your guide range is $0.50 right, and you're talking about this $0.50 kind of sensitivity. Just to be totally crystal clear, you're suggesting a negative outcome here relative to your plan is a year that looks like $16.85, $17.35. $0.50 on the top and bottom.
Gerben Bakker: Yes, I think that's correct, Jeff.
Jeffrey Sprague: Okay. And then just on Q2, Bill, it'd be really great if you could give us some additional help here. Obviously, you don't guide quarters. Maybe this is the exception to the rule this quarter with all this LIFO hit likely to be coming through, right, and your price actions delaying. So you told us the top line will be strong a seasonal lift. But just help us think about really what's going to happen with the margins and sort of the cost mitigation in the quarter?
William Sperry : Yes. So without giving guidance, I do think we can give you some insights that we have, Jeff, that hopefully would be helpful. So on the top line, a typical seasonal sequential would be in the high-single digits. And certainly, we'll have some price being pulled in there. And so I think, thinking of getting sales growth year-over-year in that mid-single digit range is certainly a valid expectation. I think to your point on the LIFO lag, we're anticipating an order of magnitude of $20-ish million. Again, that's going into a recovery bucket in the second half. But the timing of that, we would have $10 million of that in the first quarter and $20 million in the second, Jeff. So I think those are the kind of primary drivers in the quarter.
Gerben Bakker: And Jeff, if I may make a comment back to your first question, I think you're correct to interpret the both sides of the guidance to be down $0.50. I would say, though, that at this point, is merely a sensitivity analysis rather than a guide. And the actions that we have in place are to neutralize this. And there's a lot of uncertainty still even on the tariffs, right? There's a lot of discussions about how these tariffs are going to be pulled back, we're starting to action. We're early in this action in the market. I would say, in announcing that we're going to go, but a lot can change here. And this is why we wanted to merely provide some sensitivity around it, that we'll continue to update you on rather than this should be assumed in the guide at this point.
Jeffrey Sprague: Great. I appreciate that. And then Gerben, just a follow-up on how you're thinking about utilities. Would you expect -- you talked about their budgets, right, their budgets will be what they'll anomaly be. But do you expect just then a shift within their budgets between price and volume? Or are they determined volumetrically to get certain things done that would suggest maybe there's some upside here, actually, as they need the volume, and then we'll have to deal with the price because it is what it is?
Gerben Bakker: Yes, yes. And it's probably a little of both, Jeff, because that's indeed the tension that you have, right? If you have budgets, you have CapEx budgets are you limited by the spend and then you're going to just buy less to do it. I would say, on the one hand, there's pressure to do the work, both on the need for hardening, load growth to support. So I think that puts attention to it. The prices are higher, you have to spend more to still get the same work done. But I'm sure there will be some decisions made. The other thing that you tell to the customer, because they can shift to work between CapEx and OEM, they can focus on grid hardening versus expansion. So I would say, it's really hard to call truthfully. But we feel good that utilities are spending more budgets are going up. And that's just good for us, right? And then could it be better for us, perhaps, but we feel pretty good about utility. It's resilient. And even in a more challenged macroeconomic environment, history we have proven that utilities tend to be more resilient.
Jeffrey Sprague: Great, thank you. I will leave it there.
Operator: One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Charles Tusa with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Charles Stephen Tusa: Hey, good morning.
Gerben Bakker: Good morning, Steve.
Charles Stephen Tusa: So I think I've got a problem with like my auto fill on these registrations this morning at several different names called out. The pricing in 2Q, like how do you expect that to kind of feather into 2Q on the way to it being half for the year on an organic basis?
Daniel Innamorato: Yes. I think we're expecting nice sequential price realization based on the actions we implemented. I think it will probably come a little bit quicker in electrical, just given there's a shorter backlog there, and it's a little bit more book and ship. So I think you'll see a couple of points of incremental contribution from 1Q to 2Q on that.
Charles Stephen Tusa: And then I assume with your commentary around the sequential increase that you're seeing a pretty good April. Any signs of prebuys or pull forwards that you guys have seen in your shorter cycle business?
William Sperry: Yes. So I think it's a good question. When we talk to our customers, meaning channel customers, everybody's got anecdotes, where it's happened here or there. But no one sees it as a trend. When we talk to end customers, they tell us they're not doing it. When we start slicing and dicing SKU data, you see some volatility. So I think, Steve, it wouldn't be logical to assume there has to be some happening, but I wouldn't say we see evidence that it's a trend or affecting the trend. So that's -- but logic would say there has to be some people doing it.
Charles Stephen Tusa: And just one last thing back to Jeff's point. So basically, what you're doing with the sensitivity is just saying, but you're just identifying that the difference between the high and the low end of the range is the tariff dynamic. But is that basically what you're saying?
William Sperry: No. We're trying to say that the second -- the reciprocal tariffs we know we're going to offset and neutralize. The question is for guidance, can we get all of it into 2025, and we think we can. So we're describing that as a target. We just have no -- we just thought it was responsible to say that with the LIFO lag, there just could be a sensitivity but we're targeting to not have it. And we just wanted to introduce that to you. That's all.
Charles Stephen Tusa: Right. So the range reflects fundamentals and if the fundamentals are weaker and they're at the low end of the range and you can't cover this tariff, then that's downside to the low end of the range effectively?
William Sperry: Yes, those two things, both of those happen, you'd be below, yes.
Charles Stephen Tusa: Yes, okay. Great, thanks a lot guys.
Operator: One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Nigel Coe with Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Nigel Coe: Thanks guys. So just wanted to maybe home in on the second quarter. if we've taken the $20 million of PTP headwinds in 2Q, does that suggest that EPS is sort of flat to slightly down year-over-year, Bill?
William Sperry: I think you're going to be -- if all that played out, you'd be in a comparable range. I think, yes.
Nigel Coe: So flattish overall, yes, okay. And then how do you think about price elasticity? And maybe just talking about that into kind of the feedback from the customers on the price increases announced so far. Some companies are factored in elasticity. I don't think you are, but just curious kind of what the reaction has been and then when you think about the mix between surcharging versus price increases, I think historically, you've gone with price increases, but any sort of merit on surcharging just given the volatility in these tariffs?
Gerben Bakker: Yes, maybe I'll start, Bill fill in. I would say, for the first round of tariff. This has been much more inflationary across the broader portfolio, while we indicated more than half of it is actually the commodities, steel, copper, aluminum, which is broadly used. And we provide more broad -- we implement more broad pricing actions and the early evidence of that in its early as in a couple of weeks now. Looking at the order rate is that, that sticking pretty good, I would say, low elasticity in that. The second round of tariffs, which is all I'd say, primarily China driven that then becomes more targeted to certain product lines. And I'd say in certain product lines, we're probably slightly disadvantaged and other product lines, we are slightly advantaged. But there, too and we're not only taking price increases. We're doing a lot of work negotiating with suppliers, realigning supply chains where we can, other cost actions to offset and then, of course, the magnitude of these tariffs pricing as well. So, we're still planning for this, and we expect to get the price, but I'd say this one is a little more targeted to certain product line. And so could there be some elasticity in certain product line, there could be, and we're thinking through that, I'd say. But I'd say, overall, we're not disadvantaged in the broad picture to our peers, we believe.
William Sperry: So I would answer, Nigel, that we did factor in price elasticity into this guide. And as Gerben said, we're not expecting a lot in the first bucket. Second bucket does contemplate some and that's what's embedded in driving some of the sensitivity. As far as your surcharging point, I think you're right to point out that we have stayed away from that in the past and relied on price increases. One of the reasons we like and I think we'd stick with that. And a good example would be we're facing higher steel aluminum cost, even though we're not paying tariffs. And that's -- so in a surcharge, there's not a tariff there, so you wouldn't get it versus can you just price for that, things like freight inflation, wage inflation, you can just pick up other drivers. And so I think we've thought of it more in the price increase than in the surcharge -- yes.
Nigel Coe: And just one quick follow-up there. Gerben, you mentioned you don't think you're disadvantaged. I would have thought the other way around actually. So I'm just curious, especially in the electrical SKUs. I would think you're still seeing a lot of imported products and some of the more, I don't know, lower value commoditized SKUs. So I'm just curious, if you see opportunity to gain share from some of that imported products?
Gerben Bakker: Yes, I'd say broadly, probably not, which certainly, we know some product lines where we are. And that's also something we're considering in this whole -- we're thinking around how to mitigate this, not only by the specific product line, but broadly by action across the portfolio. I wouldn't say broadly as a company, I'd say we're relatively in line with others what our exposure is to offshore supply chains, but there's pockets of advantage in the chain.
Nigel Coe: Okay, thanks.
Operator: One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Chris Snyder with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Christopher Snyder: Thank you. I just wanted to ask about the price cost dynamics. So it seems like in the first half of the year, the company will be about $30 million price cost negative. And it seems like you guys see a chance to be price cost neutral for the year, if 0 of that $0.50 sensitivity comes through. So I mean, is that implying that you guys are actually price/cost positive in the back half to offset the negative $30 million in the first half? And what would that mean about the exit rates as we kind of think about that into '26? Thank you.
William Sperry: Yes, Chris, you've got that correct. We're anticipating having a surplus that offsets the deficit in the second half versus the first. And as you've seen us come through inflationary environments before as the LIFO reporter, you tend to have this lag period, where it's in your -- it's a headwind for couple of quarters. And then I think what you're suggesting is you get the advantage of a tailwind as that moderates out, and we would agree with that analysis.
Christopher Snyder: Thank you. I appreciate that. I guess maybe just on the second point, sometimes I feel like there's confusion in the market around, who you guys are competing against. So could you just maybe kind of talk about, who are the main competitors, whether it's utility T&D, I guess, most specifically, but anything else is a call out on just, who is the competitive base here?
William Sperry: Yes. I would say, Chris, in terms of Utility T&D, the Cooper division of Eaton is a head-to-head competitor, Thomas & Betts, which is now inside of ABB, which is a direct competitor. And those are the big private -- sorry, public company players, a private company in Chicago called MacLean Power Systems. And I would say those are the main T&D competitors.
Christopher Snyder: Thank you. I appreciate that.
Operator: One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Julian Mitchell of Barclays. Your line is open.
Julian Mitchell: Hi, good morning. I just wanted to push a little bit more on the sort of volume assumption dialed into the organic sales guide for the year. So it looks like on Slide 8, you've got sort of 3% plus volumes growth dialed in for the year. And it seems like the first half is sort of guided for flattish volume, down a bit Q1, up a bit Q2. So it's a pretty strong volume growth in the second half. And so just maybe help us understand that a little bit. There is some elasticity aspect that you mentioned already, but also easier comps. So maybe help us understand the confidence in that volume acceleration, please.
William Sperry: Yes, I think you're pointing out, Julian, the intersection between kind of sequential and VPY analysis, right? So if we start with the sequential and look at orders, we think that kind of indicates, where the volume will be and when you do it again. So first of all, we agree with your first half analysis that you're talking about. And so you've got to get double the 3% to 4% basically in the second half. And it's driven by strong order book supporting strong seasonal ramp and having easier comps that allow that sort of mid- to higher single-digit growth rates in the back half.
Julian Mitchell: That's helpful. Thank you. And then just my second one...
William Sperry: Yes, maybe to just to -- there are a couple of inflection points that really help this too, right? So the distribution side of T&D has returned to growth. So then they really start to help. And as well, the absence, and I hate to bring it up again, but the telecom enclosure declines turning from contraction to growth. So there's a couple of products in there that are inflecting up that also just help what feels like a back half loaded, jeez, I might be skeptical of that when you just turn it into math, you realize that's going to be what happens.
Julian Mitchell: That's great. Thank you. And just a follow-up around the adjusted sort of margin outlook. So I think in the sort of prior or initial guide construct for the year. It looked like you had sort of maybe flat, slightly up operating margin dialed into the guide midpoint. Is it now sort of down, call it, I know a few 10s of basis points for the year kind of similar to the Q1 margin progression? And any sort of big divergence across the two segments you'd highlight on margins?
William Sperry : Yes. So you're right that in the original guide, it was up a little bit. And what happens when you add price across in the 3% to 4% range, but hold OP dollars flat. In other words, if all you do is capture dollars back through price, it does create a slightly dilutive effect. And but the underlying gross product line profitability is kind of the same. But I think you're right to point out that causes a slight headwind to the OP margins, when you do that.
Julian Mitchell: Great. Thank you.
Operator: One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Tommy Moll with Stephens. Your line is open.
Tommy Moll: Good morning and thank you for taking my questions.
Gerben Bakker: Good morning, Tommy.
Tommy Moll: I appreciated the insight in commentary on the long range outlook for the big IOU budget. And to some extent, the message there could be characterized as reaffirming what we've all kind of known and heard from you for a while. But my question today is whether anything has changed or whether you're learning anything. So ideas that come to mind would just be -- what are you hearing on the relative priorities across transmission versus distribution versus generation even? What are you hearing about the step-ups into the latter part of the decade? Are we pulling forward some of the dollars, pushing out some of the dollars, I think it's the five year range you gave. So there's some flex there? Or is anything else that does seem different now, whether better or worse?
Gerben Bakker: Yes, maybe I'll start and Bill, feel free to chime in. But I would say it's definitely encouraging that the budgets are going up. And again, what we provided for you was then large I, but they represent a good portion and they're pretty spread geographically. So we believe this is representative of what we're seeing. Certainly, as we've communicated, I'd say transmission and substation, particularly strong. We continue to see that bodes with the interconnections that have been made as well as new substations that are supporting data centers and other load that's coming up. But distribution is, in our view, also good. You see hardening projects within that step-up happening as well. As far as the timing and what we tend to see with these, but -- and we saw this in transmission spend as well that you see a few years, where it shows up and then it kind of flattens and you even see it come down. And our experience in transmission at least was that as these budgets get revised every few years, that peak tends to -- if they have to move to the right so that should, in essence, don't see that decline in the transmission, actually we started to see this is in, I think 2012 or something, it still continued to ramp this long. And it really shows the need to invest in this infrastructure. So we're encouraged that it's elevated, we're encouraging that they're increasing it. And the other thing I would say, whether they shift that a little bit between one and the other, our portfolio broadly supports the spend wherever they may take it. So I think we're well positioned either way.
Tommy Moll: Thank you, Gerben. And Bill, I wanted to talk about the M&A environment here. You reminded us of the upsized budget that you've established, I think at the Investor Day, last Investor Day. So a lot of dollars to deploy there. Your preference is clearly M&A. But in this particular environment, I'm just curious what your discussions look like given the uncertainty?
William Sperry : Yes. It's interesting, Tommy. The -- I'd say the pipeline is reasonably active, and we continue to pursue actively a number of situations. Each one is different. And there is an interesting question of these long-term trends, which as you said, we're just reminding each other of versus is there some general volatility around higher interest rates and potential inflation and the news of a first quarter contraction in GDP and we're not sort of feeling that uncertainty. I don't see -- it hasn't been creating any chill in our type of M&A market. I think maybe large-scale public to public MOE type stuff, it probably does. But in sort of these kind of things that we're looking at. I think, Tommy, a lot of conversations are continuing actually.
Tommy Moll: Great. Thank you, Bill. I'll turn it back.
Operator: One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Joe O'Dea with Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Joe O'Dea: Hi, good morning. I wanted to start on kind of first half, second half organic growth dynamic just in terms of -- it seems like for the total company, that might be kind of around 10% growth in the back half of the year. But when you see a little bit more of the tariff pressure tied to the utility side. Just any color on how we think about that between the segments and whether that would be low-double digits utility in the back half and high-single digits electrical or if the spread might be wider based on that tariff exposure.
William Sperry: Yes. I think the math you're doing would imply a ramp-up in the second half, certainly, Joe, and part of that's again price realization kicking in. And again, that takes a little bit longer on the utility side, just given the backlog. I wouldn't say that tariff exposure is more utility weighted, though it's probably a little bit more electrical weighted when you look at it that way. So I think both sides will sort of see a similar kind of price contribution.
Joe O'Dea: And therefore, somewhat similar back half of the year organic growth rates based on the framework you have?
William Sperry: Yes. I mean, again, volume will be a little bit different at that sort of ramps up as utility progresses throughout the year.
Joe O'Dea: Okay. Got it. And then could you expand a little on the sourcing from China in terms of -- I don't know, if it includes any raws or if it's all components, what kind of verticals you would be sort of sourcing in terms of the end markets that you serve and where China would be a good source today. And then what you're evaluating in terms of that mid-single digit exposure and how you think about that moving forward in alternatives?
Gerben Bakker: Yes, Joe, and I think glad you kind of asked about how we think about it going forward. So it's worth noting probably that that we've cut our exposure to China in about half over the last several years. And that's been a function of a couple of businesses that we sold and as well some onshoring or reshoring supply chain kind of redundancy work that we have done. And I wouldn't be surprised as that exposure continues to get managed downward. Right now, there's -- we get some components. There's not a lot of PFR, but mostly more components and things coming in, we can figure out, I think over time kind of diversify that supply chain ultimately.
William Sperry: Yes. So maybe the only thing I'd add, it's mostly components and then we do some manufacturing in China as well. So the actions again that we're taking is negotiating with suppliers right now. It's cost sharing. We're working with some of our supplier partners, who are moving the production out of China to other areas. We've moved some of the stores, in particular, during COVID. We worked a lot on resiliency back then for a different reason to create multiple suppliers, and we're doing work right now to move more of that volume to where it's most beneficial. So there's plenty of action taken. But again, reminding you that it's at the end, still a very small percentage of our overall cost of goods sold for manageable.
Joe O'Dea: Thank you.
Operator: One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Nicole DeBlase with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Nicole DeBlase: Yes, thanks. Good morning guys.
Gerben Bakker: Good morning, Nicole.
William Sperry: Good morning, Nicole.
Nicole DeBlase: Just kind of piggybacking on, I think it was Julian's question earlier about margins for the full business and you guys kind of acknowledge like probably down year-on-year. Is that the case in both segments, because electrical still saw a little bit of margin expansion in the first quarter despite the tariff headwinds, curious if that can kind of continue throughout the year? Thank you.
Gerben Bakker: Yes. I think, Nicole, because the -- you're right to say underlying the margins going up, but this effect of having price that's basically just offsetting fast is what would create the headwind. And I think electrical would experience that as well.
Nicole DeBlase: Okay. Understood. And then I know it's a small part of the business, but obviously, pretty volatile in recent years. What are you guys seeing in telecom now? Has that actually improved to growth? Or is that something that you expect to see as we kind of move through the year?
William Sperry : Yes. We're seeing the sales decline flattened and the order book growing. And the compare is getting easier to grow against. And so that actually, on the call feel like -- it feels like it's inflected to us.
Nicole DeBlase: Thank you. I'll pass it on.
Operator: One moment for our next question. Next question comes from Brett Linzey with Mizuho. Your line is open.
Brett Linzey: Hey, good morning all.
Gerben Bakker: Good morning.
Brett Linzey: I wanted to come back to grid automation. So down 15%, I guess, how did that track versus the internal expectation and then implicitly, the utility meters business was down much more than that. You had guided that business down high singles for the year. How has the outlook changed relative to the original expectation?
William Sperry : Yes. So I'd say the quarter for that was softer than we had anticipated. But I do think there's encouraging signs of smaller project wins and the MRO portion of the business is starting to create, Brett, a floor where they can kind of operate at a level now and not be, for example, some kind of falling knife. And so we're actually encouraged as thinking about the sequential is actually flattening now and being able to kind of run it from here, but a little more modest probably than we originally thought as the year started.
Gerben Bakker: Yes. Maybe the additional context on that is, as Bill said, a little softer, but offset by stronger T&D than we had initially anticipated. And both of these are embedded in our guide for the full-year.
Brett Linzey: All right. Yes, that's helpful. And then just one more on utility distributions on the strong orders up double-digits. I guess are there any other indicators or anecdotes from large utilities or inventory data from distributors that gives you more confidence that the destocking has really run its course here?
Gerben Bakker: Yes, I would say all the above, certainly dialogue with distributor customers, dialogue with end customers it does suggest that inventories are much more in line with originally targeted. I mean it's a slightly -- the topic has some tenant calls, there's lots of SKUs, lots of customers, lots of geographies. So there could be some pocket in a geography with a customer of a SKU, where they still want to work it down. But we would argue that you won't see it. We'll be able to grow now to the extent and we just those little small things will be not visible, and we feel we're -- I mean, I know we've been begging your patients broadly for the last five quarters or so, but we think we're here now and ready to grow D, and that's fantastic news.
Brett Linzey: Appreciate the insight.
Operator: And I'm not showing any further questions at this time. I'd like to turn the call back over to Dan for any closing remarks.
Daniel Innamorato: Great. Thanks, operator. Thanks everybody for joining us. I'll be around all day for follow-ups.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's presentation. You may now disconnect, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2024 Q4  (2025-02-04 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Fourth Quarter 2024 Hubbell Incorporated Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. Please be advised that, today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Dan Innamorato. Please go ahead.
Dan Innamorato: Thanks, operator. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Earlier this morning, we issued a press release announcing our results for the fourth quarter of 2024. The press release and slides are posted to the Investors section of our website at hubbell.com. I'm joined today by Chairman, President and CEO, Gerben Bakker; and our Executive Vice President and CFO, Bill Sperry. Please note our comments this morning may include statements related to the expected future results of our company and our forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Please note the discussion of forward-looking statements in our press release and considered incorporated by reference to this call. Additionally, comments may also include non-GAAP financial measures. Those measures are reconciled to the comparable GAAP measures and are included in the press release and slides. Now let me turn the call over to Gerben.
Gerben Bakker: Great. Good morning, and thank you for joining us to discuss Hubbell's fourth quarter and full-year 2024 results. Hubbell delivered strong double-digits growth in adjusted operating profit, adjusted earnings per share, and free cash flow in the quarter. While organic volumes were below our expectations, strong execution drove year-over-year adjusted operating margin expansion of 240 basis points. On a full-year basis, we achieved mid-single-digit sales growth, 9% adjusted operating profit growth, 90 basis points of adjusted operating margin expansion and double-digits growth in free cash flow. 2024 adjusted earnings per share of $16.57 was above the high-end of our initial guidance range as well as our outlook we provided in October. We achieved this strong full-year performance despite having to navigate profits of significant challenges in telecom markets as utility customer destocking, as we executed effectively throughout the year on four key levers within our control. The first of these levers is that we made significant progress in 2024 on our strategy to unify our Electrical Solutions segment. We generated above-market growth in attractive verticals with an integrated solutions-oriented service model for our customers, while at the same time driving business simplification and operational efficiencies to expand margins. These efforts resulted in double-digits adjusted operating profit growth in 2024, despite absorbing the impact of the residential lighting divestiture. Second, we effectively captured opportunities from secular growth trends across our Utility and Electrical markets. Most notably driving double-digits growth in transmission and substation markets in front of the meter, as well as renewables and data center balance of system solutions behind the meter. Third, we proactively manage price cost productivity in 2024. Price realization remains favorable across both segments. We are delivering on accelerated productivity plans in our factories and supply chain and we actively managed our cost structure and discretionary spending. And fourth, our strong balance sheet and differentiated capital deployment strategy contributed significantly to our success, primarily through the acquisition and successful integration of Systems Control. As we look ahead, we expect that the temporary headwinds we faced in 2024 will face going forward, while each of the levers that we have driven our success in 2024 and prior years remain intact for 2025 and beyond. We are introducing our full-year 2025 outlook this morning, which anticipates mid-single-digits organic growth with continued margin expansion and attractive growth in operating profit, earnings per share and free cash flow. This outlook is consistent with our long-term financial framework and demonstrates Hubbell's confidence in our ability to continue compounding off of a strong multi-year base of performance. I will share more details on the outlook at the end of this call, but first let me turn it over to Bill to provide you with some more details on our performance in the quarter.
Bill Sperry: Thanks, Gurb, and good morning everybody. Appreciate you taking the time to be with us. I'm going to use the slides to guide my comments and I'm starting on Page 4 of those materials. So, this four blocker, you can see the strong performance Hubbell turned in, in the fourth quarter and you can see the business model in action, double-digits growth in operating profit, double-digits growth in earnings per share and 28% growth in free cash flow despite flattish sales. Those flat sales at $1.3 billion were below our expectations. It's not uncommon for year end to have different forms of incentive-driven distortions. Specifically, there are some volume-driven rebates in the system as well as free cash flow-driven bonus formulas. And those kinds of incentives can lead decision makers to not want inventory and put their orders in to be shipped after December. And in particular, in low-volume years, those can be exacerbated a little bit. So, I think we experienced some of that in December, but independent of inorganic side, good contribution on sales from our net M&A efforts. So that includes exiting the residential lighting business, but adding systems control, which is to remind everybody, provides turnkey solutions in the sub-station market and you saw a good contribution to sales inorganically there. The operational performance more than made up for that sales backdrop. In particular, some of the price-cost productivity levers were effectively pulled. We continued to get price, in the quarter. So, I think impressive after a couple years of compounding here between '22 and '23 and now, '24. And on the operational side, those portfolio transformation efforts really benefit the margins as well. So, you saw 2.5 points -- nearly 2.5 points of margin expansion. On the EPS side, an increase of 11% to $4.1 in the quarter. That 11% growth rate is in line with operating profit. So, the non-op items were neutral in the quarter. And the free cash flow up 28%, I think, is noteworthy. It delivered for the full year above our target of $800 million, which is about a 98% conversion rate. I think of note; this cash flow performance absorbs continued increases in our CapEx investments. Those investments continue to be really important for driving capacity in our high-growth areas and getting productivity out of the system. And that CapEx for us over the past three years has doubled. So that free cash flow is really helping finance that, and we think those projects are quite good and give us good returns. I think let's unpack the performance now by segments, and I'm going to start with the Utilities segment on Page 5. And again, you can see solid operational performance with double-digit operating profit growth and about 1.5% of margin expansion. The sales growth of 4% is driven by the acquisition of Systems Control. It's also supported by double-digit growth in our transmission and substation product areas as well as in Protection & Controls. And that was partially offset by the weakness we continue to feel in the telecom enclosures area, where we're down 20% and in the utility distribution products area, where we're continuing to experience customer inventory rationalization. We believe that, that is starting to isolate in the distribution products set only and specifically with the larger investor-owned utilities, as opposed to the munis and co-ops. So, we can see that inventory issue getting narrowed into a pretty finite area. The operating profit driven the growth of 12%, up to 22.9% margin was really driven by managing price again as well as productivity benefits from prior year investments and the new acquisition of Systems Control coming in not only providing dollars but coming in at attractive margins, so kind of underscoring and highlighting where Gerben was commenting on the capital allocation, you can see really helping the Utility segment here in the fourth quarter. I think two areas of note that I would add, we talked about sales in the distribution products area and I think it's important to talk about orders. So, the orders in the fourth quarter on the transmission and distribution area were solid. We saw the customers, as we say, queuing up for 2025 deliveries rather than looking for shipments to be received in December. And that book-to-bill in the grid infrastructure area was above one for the first time since early 2023. A favorable order trend actually continued through January into our New Year here. And so, we think that above one book-to-bill is strongly suggestive that the effects of the destocking we've been experiencing are fading here in 2025. The second area of note is the grid automation sales being down 11%. I think it's important to point out the challenging comparison. The fourth quarter of last year had growth of 37%, so supernormal growth that had been driven by us -- delivering on the backlog and the breakthrough of the chip shortage. In addition, we had some project roll-offs and a lumpy business, so three strong quarters of growth and then the fourth quarter contracting. We're expecting, because the compare was also strong in the first quarter of 2024, so we're expecting this kind of trend to continue in first quarter of 2025 and then improvement through the balance of three quarters of 2025 after that. We thought it would be worthwhile to pull back, the lens on Utility from the fourth quarter to the full year. And on Page 6, we provided you with an image of some of the headwinds and tailwinds and some of the moving pieces that we navigated through. And I think we think showing you the resilience of our business model and its ability to perform despite some headwinds and we think this also illustrates a strong setup for 2025. So, thinking about headwinds on the page, looking into Specialty Infrastructure, which is the business unit that has both enclosures and our gas distribution products, weve been talking to you all year about the softness there. We've been talking about strong declines in percentage terms, but also a high-margin business. And so, the combination of that leads to the significant headwind that you see there. But the addition of Systems Control and again underscoring Gerben's point about capital allocation investing in the substation market, which offers us high growth as well as high margins. And so, you see a really strong contribution to '24. It happens to be an area that is experiencing good book-to-bill and backlog build and that backlog gives us a bit strong visibility to '25 and is supportive of us, having a high single-digit growth expectation for that business unit this year in 2025. And so, strong contributor in its first year and expecting continued strength in its second year. In the T&D area, we talked about the distribution side having the temporary effects of the inventory being managed down by both the channel and the end user. But we grew mid-single-digits driven by the strength in transmission and substation. So, you can see positive contribution from T&D infrastructure. And you also see the positive contribution from grid automation. We talked about how it ended and the end of Q4, it's really driven inside the meters and comms side. There's the grid protection and controls products also in there. Those are showing strong growth and we're expecting that to continue into 2025 as well. So, in sum, we're feeling that, for 2024 generating 9% operating profit growth and again reminding ourselves that we're compounding now on top of 50% growth over the prior two years of 2022 and 2023. And we think this is really showing tribute to our strong position. We've got quality products, quality customer relationships, and we're getting those customers the high-quality products at the right time and the right price, and we think that shows that we're poised to grow. And the two temporary areas of softness in '24, we think are both inflecting to the positive for 2025. Gerben is going to give you the outlook, but we think this is a good setup for us in Utility. So, Page 7, I'm going to go back to the Electrical segment and the fourth quarter perspective. And you see the benefits of this multiyear transformation of the Electrical segment continuing, where we see strong execution in Q4 with 10% operating profit growth and about 3.5 points of margin expansion. The top-line is down slightly, when you exclude the divestiture of resi, and when you exclude the impact of our PCX acquisition, which is in the mix of product redesign with a key customer that really caused a four-point drag to the segment in the quarter and not unlike systems control, PCX also with some visibility to backlog can give us some confidence and a strong '25. But we also in the top-line had strength, renewables and data center balance of system. Our light industrial markets were very strong and I would contrast that to some of the softer trends in commercial and heavy industrial. I think operating profit up double-digits has been driven by the exit of the resi lighting and strengthening the margin profile of the segment, good price and productivity improvements and Gerben referred to the business simplification and efficiency initiatives. It has a multi-year still in front of it benefit to come. So, we feel there is we're looking at a multi-year roadmap here of a strong quarter for Electrical segment, strong year and looking forward to strong contributions next year. Turning back to Gerben to share our outlook for 2025.
Gerben Bakker: Great. Thanks, Bill. I will end our prepared remarks with a brief overview of our 2025 outlook, starting with organic growth expectations on Slide 8. We anticipate 4% to 5% organic growth in 2025. This is consistent with the mid-single-digits, long-term framework we provided at our Investor Day last June. Our expectations by markets are consistent with the early preview we shared with you in October. We anticipate 4% to 6% organic growth in our Utility Solutions segment as we are well-positioned to continue capitalizing on electrification-driven load growth and interconnection projects across transmission, substation and grid protection and controls market. While we expect our meters and AMI business to decline year-over-year in 2025, we are confident that, telecom markets and high-margin utility distribution markets will return to growth. In Electrical Solutions, we anticipate 3% to 5% organic growth in '25 and we continue to make significant progress in our transformation of the HES segment to compete collectively in high-growth verticals and we expect GDP plus growth in 2025. Most notably, we anticipate mid-teens growth in our data center business, as artificial intelligence drives accelerated build-out of large projects and we anticipate solid mid-single-digits growth across renewables and electrical T&D markets. While macroeconomic uncertainty drives a more muted outlook and commercial and heavy industrial markets, we see high visibility to continued electrical mega project activity driving relative strength across light industrial markets. Turning to Slide 9. We anticipate mid-single-digits organic growth and continued adjusted operating margin expansion to drive full-year adjusted earnings per share of $17.35 to $17.85 and free cash flow conversion of at least 90% of adjusted net income. We expect 2025 performance to primarily be driven by volume growth and we are confident that our unique leading positions in attractive end markets will enable us to achieve these targets. We continue to proactively manage price cost productivity across our portfolio and we expect positive contributions from PCP and restructuring benefits, partially offset by a return of investment spending needed to drive further growth and productivity initiatives. From a non-operating standpoint, we anticipate a higher year-over-year tax rate and other expenses to be partially offset by lower net interest expense. I am confident in our ability to deliver on our initial 2025 outlook, which represents continued attractive growth across our key financial metrics and would reflect an adjusted earnings per share and adjusted operating profit CAGR above 20% over a five-year period. With that, let me turn the call over to Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from the line of Jeffrey Sprague from Vertical Research. Your line is open.
Jeffrey Sprague: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Just back to kind of the channel inventory situation. Obviously, been frustrating for us and I'm sure for you how long this has taken on, taken to kind of correct itself. I just wonder, if you could really speak to your level of visibility, because I think when it comes down to it, no one really had that much visibility in the channel, but now you're making a very granular point about IOUs versus muni. So maybe just the significance of that comment, what it portends for how much more inventory might be out there and how much longer to the residual clears?
Gerben Bakker: Jeff, good morning. Let me maybe start with that and you're right to point out, it's been frustrating to try to pinpoint this down. I would say, we break it down between IOU and public market, a, because our visibility is better on the IOU and that's where we believe it to be most pronounced right here. So, if you break down the IOUs within that we have a subset of that, which we call our VIP customers, it's where we have longstanding relationship, where we have perhaps the best visibility that we can have. And after our discussions initially with the channel, where that started to normalize turned over to, let's look at the end customer or the end user where it still exists, that's where we started to look. So, we started to have much better visibility of where they were. They were quite elevated in the year, and they were not at the same level. So, different customers started to go after this more aggressively than other customers, depending on, where they were in the country, other things that affected it when storms hit, we saw certain customers bringing their inventory faster than others. So, that's where we have the best visibility. That's, as we continue to track it, Jeff, we're starting to see that, that's starting to now mute. I would say, it's going to get better from here for sure, as some are now starting to get through this. I would say, this isn't an event that you can call a date from and it's over. So, I think even if we go into this year, we'll see some remnants of it, but the important part if we're starting to see a return to growth. The other thing that I'd point out in the public market that we also measure, actually through 2024 actually we started to see a return to growth and that also through conversation, what these were people that were, much less stocked up and as a result didn't have to destock. So, we've gotten smarter, I would say throughout the year. We've gotten more analytical in trying to call this, it's I would say still imperfect, but what we really feel good about is that, we're starting to see now a return to growth that I think will -- I wouldn't call it an inflection, but I would call it a positive signs that, that's the constructive to why we're providing the outlook for 2025 that we are.
Bill Sperry: Just maybe to clarify, Gerben's use of the word public there is referring to muni and co-ops, where we actually grew mid-single-digits. Jeff, we're kind of distinguishing between those two, because you could kind of see that market segment kind of buying and installing at the same rate. And so, we can really isolate it to the IOUs.
Jeffrey Sprague: Great. Thanks for that. And then, given that people are still drawing inventory. It certainly follows that no one is pre-buying inventory, because of tariff concerns and that sort of thing. But I wonder if you could give us a little bit of updated perspective on what percent of your COGS might be exposed to Mexican, Canadian, Chinese tariffs if things do happen, as volatile that we've seen this week.
Bill Sperry: Yes. I think, Jeff, as you can imagine, we've been spending a lot of time planning both commercially and operationally around the tariff question. I think starting with the Chinese parts, back in 2018 when the first tariff regime came through, we had some exposure there, that was largely driven by our lighting businesses, both the C&I lighting as well as the resi lighting. We've since disposed of both of those, and hence dramatically reduced our Chinese exposure. We've also been one of the industrials, who's been affecting some reshoring, so further reducing the Chinese exposure. At this point, quite small exposure there. I guess we could argue of the moving pieces that's maybe the piece that has some clarity and it would have a very small impact to us that we would navigate through a combination of price and productivity. With Canada, Mexico, obviously still a very fluid situation from our perspective. You had executive orders signed on Saturday. You had discussions with presidents and premiers on Monday that put a delay on things. But as you kind of ask, we've been working really hard on our commercial side, developing pricing regime by kind of business unit by product, to ensure that, we would be able to navigate any effects from the tariff. We're obviously calculating other productivity moves and supply chain moves, as well as calculating currency moves. And so, ultimately, Jeff, while it's very unclear to us, what actually is going to happen here. I mean, again remind us in 2018, the initial tariffs that were announced ended up having exceptions and moving around quite a bit. We have a Commerce Secretary is not confirmed, the Trade Ambassador is not confirmed, right? So, our assessment, Jeff, is quite a fluid situation and we're preparing ourselves to absorb and neutralize any effects that would ultimately be landed on by the policy people. The effects that...
Jeffrey Sprague: Go ahead.
Bill Sperry: Yes. Go ahead.
Jeffrey Sprague: No. I was just going to say, understood. We don't know if it's going to be 0% or 10% or some other number, but can you give us a sense of maybe just what percent of your COGS come out of Mexico?
Dan Innamorato: Yes. I mean, we haven't quantified it, Jeff. It's number two after the US and we'll give that data as come in and don't want to provide any false precision at this point.
Gerben Bakker: Yes. We are predominantly U.S.-centric company, maybe that's too early, but it did both in our sales, both in our footprint. We do have a few facilities in Mexico. One is a pretty sizable one, very, very efficient to our operation, but the vast majority of manufacturing happens in order to manage. The other thing that I would say and Bill alluded to a little bit, our preparedness for this, I can tell you, we will be taking a very aggressive approach in the timing of when these things hit to react it. Of course, we're working on productivity as well. If you see currency devalue or the dollar strengthen, that will lead us to start discussions with suppliers on that front, but there is no doubt that, when this happens to the magnitude that was on the table here up until yesterday, that's going to require pricing and we're going to act with speed on that.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Our next question will come from the line of Nigel Coe from Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Nigel Coe: Hi, guys. Good morning. Bill, respectful of the answer you gave to Jeff, it is sort of a key topic in the market right now. I mean, there are some out there with like a mid-teens proportion of Mexico COGS. Is that in the right ballpark? Too high, too low? I mean, any sense would be helpful.
Bill Sperry: Yes. You're in the right ballpark.
Nigel Coe: Okay. That's helpful. And then just thinking about the Electrical margins in the fourth quarter, 20%, I think that's the first time you've ever had a two handle on that in that segment. I know lighting is a mix benefit year-over-year, but just think about that sequential improvement from 3Q to 4Q, normally margins are down. Just wondering is there anything unusual, in that four-quarter number? And then thinking about the 2025 view, is it two handles for the full year 2025 on the table here?
Bill Sperry: Yes. Let's start with the sequential comment. And I would say, Nigel, nothing particularly unusual. I would agree with you. It's historically a good benchmark for us to hit. I do think, we had some lower growth, lower margin lighting businesses that were, frankly, obscuring a little bit some of the strength of the balance of our electrical products. Again, I think you saw some great growth in areas like data centers, like renewables, like light industrial areas, and I think you saw some good drop-through in some high-margin areas of those products help. And so, as we think about '25, I think those are the areas that are continue to be strong. And so, I don't see any kind of mix pullback or anything that would work against this Nigel.
Gerben Bakker: Maybe the only thing I could add Bill in the fourth quarter that we saw is the mix between PCX and Boerne, right, so that we saw decline a little bit as we go over to that design change going into '25 and that actually strengthened and that creates a little bit of a favorable mix for the quarter. But I agree with your point is that, that segment as a whole still has opportunity to drive margin expansion over the next few years, and that's what they're focused on.
Operator: One moment for next question. Our next question comes from the line of Steve Tusa from JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Stephen Tusa: Good morning, guys. Would you say it's closer to 20% or no? I'm just kidding. On pricing, what was price in the quarter for each of the segments and what are you assuming for each end of this year?
Dan Innamorato: It's a positive in both segments, Steve. Less than a point overall, a little bit more in Electrical than Utility.
Stephen Tusa: And then in those discussions with these utilities, first of all, how big like as a percentage of those VIP customers? Is there any -- how did those pricing discussions play out? And then just lastly, if you guys could give a little bit of color on the seasonal dynamics for earnings. I think last year you were around 22% of the year in EPS. Should we be in and around that number in the first quarter this year just to calibrate us?
Bill Sperry: Maybe let me start with the seasonality question first, and then we'll go back to the utility customer questions to you. But, yes, we would anticipate that the Q1 of '25 would contribute in the same sort of low 20s ballpark to the EPS of 2025 same as 2024, but also pretty similar seasonality-wise. It is, I think just to note that we would be anticipating growth in the first quarter over prior year to be a little bit less than Gerben's 4% to 5% full-year growth. So just kind of thinking about the first quarter, I do think, it's going to be normal seasonality and the growth rate on a compare basis will be better in the next three quarters.
Gerben Bakker: And maybe to your question around pricing and the discussions around pricing, I mean, this is certainly a topic that's front and center to our customers. Actually, the positive is, they're reaching out and they want to proactively find out what our approach is going to be to it. We've seen actually some of our distributor partners actually already with letters out to the market, kind of providing some insight of kind of what there are possibilities are coming. From that perspective, Steve, I'd say, it's very much something that's expected to happen. What generally our partners and our customers ask for is a little bit of time, so that they can pass it through and in two-step distribution as you can imagine, right, we pass it to our distributor partners, who then have to pass it on to their customers. So, it's generally much more about discussions around the timing and kind of the magnitude than it is whether it's coming up. We feel good about, a, the need is absolutely there, especially at this kind of magnitudes to get price. We've proven to be able to be successful at it. I'd say, the discussions that are -- that we're having with VIPs though those would be, I'd say perhaps more transparent and they're just closer partners to us than to the general market. I'd say, it's constructive to the actions that we would have to take.
Dan Innamorato: And just on price in 4Q, more than a point in the quarter.
Stephen Tusa: Okay. Thanks for the color. Great charts, Dan. Thanks.
Operator: One moment for next question. Next question comes from the line of Julian Mitchell from Barclays. Your line is open.
Julian Mitchell: Hi, good morning. Maybe I just wanted to focus on the operating margin guide, that's kind of embedded. I think adjusted margins are up about 95% in the year just finished. For 2025, is it sort of 50 bps or so of increase? And any color around what we should expect in terms of operating margin performance at each of the two segments?
Bill Sperry: Yes, I think you've got the calculation right. I think, if you did incrementals on the growth, you could develop a model that could get a little more margin expansion than that, and we wanted to be explicit with our investment expectations and some of the non-op stuff to make it clear that, not all of that incremental would land. I think when you think about it between the segments, I think that, as Nigel was getting at, I think on the Electrical side, you've got this question of good margin products being high growth areas and that's positive to the story. But also, they're doing a lot of investing in efficiency areas and taking up some disparate businesses and having them compete collectively and things like unifying the sales force and simplifying back-office steps. And so, there's some sort of good old-fashioned grinded out margin work in Electrical as well as good margin growth and mix benefits. I think on the Utility side, it's much more driven around getting this volume back and delivering the incremental. So, it's -- I think you're right to point out that, that kind of margin expansion, it kind of comes it comes through the volumes coming back.
Julian Mitchell: That's great. And then just following up on the Utility growth outlook. So, you have a lot of good color on Slide 6 and Slide 8 on that. Maybe just to hone in a little bit on that Utility meters and AMI portion. So, we're right in thinking that, that piece slash grid automation is down maybe low double-digits still in the first quarter, the year as a whole down high single and you're sort of stable-ish exiting the year. Is that the right way to think about it? And any way to parse out sort of is it just outright customer spend cuts versus destock type activity?
Gerben Bakker: Maybe I'll break it down, because I think what you said is grid automation, which is the larger base, particularly within grid automation, where we've been talking is the meters and AMI. So, I think what the numbers kind of you quoted are, they're actually correct for that part of the business, but we still expect despite those challenges from those product lines, grid automation as a whole, that has some very attractive areas that are growing double-digits to still slightly grow for the full year in 2025. But what you quoted is correct for the subset of grid automation.
Operator: One moment for our next question. Our next question will come from the line of Chris Snyder from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Chris Snyder: Thank you. I appreciate the question. It sounds like the company expects to be organic growth positive in Q1 and probably solidly so, albeit below the 4% to 5% for the full year. Is the expectation that the four-point Electrical headwind from the PCX design change is totally gone in Q1? And then, is there any way to size the headwinds in Q4 related to some of the year-end inventory availability or variability, I should say, that you referenced in the opening remarks? Thank you.
Bill Sperry: Yes, Chris, let's start with your PCX question. Yes, we're anticipating that to be bouncing in Q1. And sorry, what was the -- can you just remind me your...
Chris Snyder: The variability on inventory into year one, it sounds like the destock was maybe a little bit sharper due to some maybe customer specific reasons. So, yes, if you could size that?
Bill Sperry: Yes. I mean, I don't think we would size it for you. I'd just say, I'm just hoping that, this may be our last earnings call where we spent a lot of time on the word destock or customer inventory management, because I do think that, as we see the order book in the fourth quarter and through January, I think we're seeing that issue fading.
Gerben Bakker: Yes. I think maybe to reiterate, as I stated for it's a gradual right now incline. It's not everybody is done on the same date, and then it inflects, but it's definitely a positive move into '25.
Chris Snyder: Thank you. And then maybe just to follow-up on the point about inventory, I mean, orders are getting better in the back half of Q4 and continuing that into January with book-to-bill going back above one. This might be a hard one, but kind of when you kind of see the orders come through, is there any way or visibility to determine kind of what's true demand, coming from the market versus potential tariff pre-buy or customers trying to get ahead of some of the tariff inflation that may come? Thank you.
Gerben Bakker: Yes, I'd say that, that's hard. I would say on tariffs, the one thing that we do is, when those come, we really watch the order patterns, because what we don't want to have happened is, for our customers to get ahead of us, because that, of course, would have implications to capturing the tariffs. So, we look at typical order patterns by customer and if they start exceeding and we start to unless there's a real project that's happening, we watch over that. Can you have some of that? Of course, it could, but I don't believe that, that we're going to do the things we need to do to prevent that from being a big bubble ahead of tariffs.
Operator: One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from the line of Tommy Moll from Stephens. Your line is open.
Tommy Moll: Good morning and thank you for taking my questions.
Bill Sperry: Good morning, Tommy.
Tommy Moll: I wanted to start on the topic of inventory management and Electric distribution. A lot has been discussed already. But one item we haven't explored is, with these VIP customers that you referenced, are you able to tell, let's say, in 2024, what their, I'll call it consumption rate or install rate of these SKUs was? If we're really trying to get to what the market demand looks like last year, do you feel like that was still a positive trend?
Gerben Bakker: Yes. I'd say, one of the things that we have discussed and maybe not on an SKU basis of what they're installing, but we look at their CapEx and OpEx budgets, those are generally the conversations we have with them, on what they're installing. Oftentimes, what the discussions there are, they give us kind of the plans of projects that they're going to be implementing in the year ahead and are we prepared with our capacity to support that. The other thing is, in the not with the IOUs within the public power market, we actually saw growth in 2024. So that gives us confidence that the markets are growing. While not at an SKU level, between the CapEx budgets, the more general discussions and what we're seeing in parts of the markets, we feel that the install rate is growing.
Tommy Moll: Thank you, Gerben. That's helpful. I also wanted to touch on M&A today. Just going back to your most recent Investor Day, deploying more dollars in the form of M&A was one of the key themes there. And so, it's a two-part question. What can you tell us in general about the pipeline for this year? And then, also maybe just to hit on the recent rumors of a rather large transformer deal on the market, any comment you can make on appetite or lack thereof for transformers would be appreciated as well?
Bill Sperry: Thanks. Yes, Tommy. As coincidence would have it, we closed on a deal yesterday. It is a add-on to the Electrical segment, small in size, sort of in the 70-ish million purchase price area. It helps with both powering and controlling around wireless networks. It's just a bolt-on for an acquisition we did a few years ago, a company called AccelTex. And so, a good example of a kind of maybe typical Hubble size, not moving the needle of balance sheet or earnings per share per say, but the kind of deal that we think we can add a lot of value to and something that we're trying to invest in high growth situation with high margins and that's something that we just landed, yesterday. You're asking about the pipeline. I would say, again, the balance sheet is really well poised to support investing. The team is really busy. We're looking at a variety of sizes, variety of sources from whether they be private equity sellers or corporate sellers or families. So, it's still continued to be robust dialogue, across opportunities in both segments, Electrical and Utility, and we'd like to continue, as you pointed out, to be an active investor here. And I think I would decline to comment on any specific target that you mentioned.
Tommy Moll: Fair enough. Thank you. And I'll turn it back.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from the line of Christopher Glynn from Oppenheimer. Your line is open.
Christopher Glynn: Thank you. Good morning, guys. You've talked a bit about the Hubbell unification process for ATS and multi-year of efficiencies coming ahead. We could see it very visibly in the renewables and data center growth trends. Curious, if you could comment on where you're seeing other benefits play through, or maybe the balances coming through, but I'm thinking in terms of pricing power realization, service levels, what other instances of yield are you seeing on the unification currently?
Gerben Bakker: Yes. I think you're mentioning some of it. It's what we call competing collectively. So not just in the high growth verticals, but overall in our portfolio, where you have strong positions with some of our really leading brands and can those help pull through other brands of Hubbell. We've seen that happen. We'll continue to drive simplification in our business systems in the back office. It's not one thing. I mean, our restructuring will continue to be elevated in that area over the next couple of years with site consolidations. I see this as a maybe we've harbored some low-hanging fruit early on, but, I'd say over the next few years, we still have benefits both on growth from these efforts and on efficiency in on the cost side.
Christopher Glynn: Okay. And then one on pricing, just I think you've had some discovery the past few years on your pricing power as a business with your market positions. And would you say, you're at kind of a new normal of sustainable pricing power posture that's different from where you were a few years ago, just based on understanding of the business that has developed over the past few years?
Gerben Bakker: Yes, I'd say so. I mean, certainly the magnitude of the pricing that we've been active over the last couple of years, we haven't been anticipating that's going forward. Now of course, when tariffs hit and to the extent that magnitude, we're going to have to. But yes, I would say, certainly the success that we've had in that over the last few years, not just in the magnitude of it, but in the speed by which we've acted on those, we've learned a lot. I'd say, yes, we've gone to become a -- and we've organized around it better. So, I think we're more capable in that area today than we would have been in a number of years ago.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from the line of Joseph O'Dea from Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Joseph O'Dea: Hi, good morning. Can you talk about the again on the kind of electrical distribution, but thinking through the mid-single-digits growth expectation in 2025? And if you could just frame, how much it was down in 2024. It would seem like you've got a relatively easy comp in that mid-single-digits growth is something that, we think about as potentially being more like through cycle growth. And so, just trying to think through the upside potential to that, but also some of the dynamics in the market, and if you're still seeing kind of budget prioritization toward T and more sophisticated D that could be a pressure point?
Bill Sperry: That's an interesting question, because I do agree, there's something sort of in the long-term mid-single-digits and the compare is easier. Is there a path to do better? Certainly, if the market and orders are there, we think we'll, get our fair share. So, it's an interesting question.
Joseph O'Dea: Okay. And then also on telecom, I thought that, the comps are going to be easier in the fourth quarter, so still down 20%, maybe just kind of missed that. But did that come in a little softer-than-expected? And similar kind of question like, why wouldn't the growth be better than low single, maybe just some historical perspective on how strong 2023 was perhaps, just understand kind of telecom dynamic?
Bill Sperry: Yes. 2023 was really strong. That part is there. I do think your point; the comps were getting easier in 4Q and so we've kind of had 40% and 30% and 20% kind of percent declines. And so, we're layering into a much easier situation. So, as you pointed out, we're starting to look at orders, look at getting the flattening of that and then enabling the growth which is what we're seeing. So, I do agree with you, we're coming off very strong growth in 2023, which makes the compares hard -- the compares are easier. But the facts are we're going to be running a smaller Enclosures business than we were before and we should be able off of this lower base as you point out, we should be able to grow it. And there's lots of active RFQs and RFPs and et cetera out there. So, we're trying to gauge all that. Yes.
Gerben Bakker: And I would say for debt, we want to remain very disciplined in how we grow that and how fast we grow that because that's an area that in this decline we've seen pricing decline and that's maybe an outlier from the rest of our business. As that grow, we want to make sure that, we capture attractive business and not just capture sales growth. That drives a little bit on why we're more muted on what the growth rate could be as we want attractive growth.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. Next question comes from the line of Brett Linzey from Mizuho. Your line is open.
Brett Linzey: Hi, good morning all. Wanted to come back to the large meter in the AMI project roll off that you noted in the release. Can you frame the size of the exit backlog in terms of months or weeks? And then, was the softness more a comparison issue or have you actually seen the inbound orders in those larger meters AMI slow commensurately with the decline in sales?
Bill Sperry: Yes. I mean, I think if you thought about, the comp. I think you basically need to start backfilling the orders. And so, you can see what's out there, what RFPs are coming. And so, we can just see that, there's going to be a first quarter that's kind of feels and looks a lot like the fourth quarter. And then, with the visibility that we think we have, Brett, it feels like the balance of the year can start to improve from there.
Brett Linzey: Okay, great. Got it. And then just a follow-up on the growth and the productivity initiatives within the guide and the bridge. Certainly, a bigger figure relative to last year, able to parse out that between growth and productivity? And then, how do the paybacks look on those investments? And is there any hedge in that? Thanks.
Bill Sperry: Yes. The paybacks on the projects are really good. The growth have slightly better paybacks than the productivities, but even the productivities can be kind of in the three years and there's a mix and balance. And we will continue to make specific go no go decisions on specific projects as the year unfolds. So, I wouldn't want to give you a mix right now because it could change once we green light. In other words, we have more projects on the board than we'll do. But we're very happy with the returns. It's a good use of capital for us for sure.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for next question. And our final question comes from the line Chad Dillard from Bernstein. Your line is open.
Chad Dillard: Hi. Good morning guys. Thanks for taking my question.
Bill Sperry: Good morning.
Chad Dillard: So, my question is on the telecoms business. Just trying to get a sense for how much margin pressure you've seen since that business was at its height. And then, I guess what are your thoughts on potentially rightsizing the business versus keeping scale to capture incremental growth?
Bill Sperry: Yes. I would say, at its height the margins were at the high end of our portfolio. Now they're still attractive and we have been rightsizing throughout 2024. And so, we feel where we sit at this split second is rightsized and we're looking forward to as that volume comes back being able to grow off of our current base, which is a substantially lower cost structure than we started the year with.
Gerben Bakker: Yes. It's actually -- and it's constructive to what I said that our goal is not to grow it right back to what it was and we've been very deliberate with our businesses to say scale the business back down to the current volume, because otherwise what happens, you get destroyed in your decrementals from it if you have all that fixed costs. So, what you're alluding to is exactly what we've done with that business to now be able to grow it profitable and be selective in what we know without the pressure of sitting on a ton of idle capacity.
Chad Dillard: Got it. And I want to go back to a prior question on price. I think you mentioned that the pricing for the entire portfolio was less than 1% overall. Just want to confirm, was that a 4Q comment or was that more about 2025? And then, secondly, I was hoping you could comment on the breadth of positive price, that you're seeing across your portfolio. I'm just trying to understand just like how concentrated pricing tailwind is across the portfolio.
Bill Sperry: Yes, Chad. 4Q price was a little bit more than a point overall and a little bit more in electrical than utility. And I think broadly we're seeing favorable price across the portfolio with the exception of the telecom markets, which we've been talking about. So, it's really just concentrated in that one area.
Operator: Thank you. And that concludes our question and answer session. I would now like to turn the call back over to Dan for any closing remarks.
Dan Innamorato: Great. Thanks, everybody. Thanks for joining us, and I'll be around all day for follow-ups. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude the program. You may now disconnect. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-10-29 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Third Quarter 2024 Hubbell Incorporated Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Dan Innamorato, VP of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Dan Innamorato: Thanks, operator. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Earlier this morning, we issued a press release announcing our results for the third quarter of 2024. The press release and slides are posted to the Investors section of our website at hubbell.com. I'm joined today by Chairman, President and CEO, Gerben Bakker; and Executive Vice President and CFO, Bill Sperry. Please note our comments this morning may include statements related to the expected future results of our company and our forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Please note the discussion of forward-looking statements in our press release and considered incorporated by reference to this call. Additionally, comments may also include non-GAAP financial measures. Those measures are reconciled to the comparable GAAP measures and are included in the press release and slides. Now let me turn the call over to Gerben.
Gerben Bakker: Great. Good morning, and thank you for joining us to discuss Hubbell's third quarter 2024 results. Hubbell delivered strong operating performance in the quarter, generating 14% year-over-year adjusted earnings per share and operating profit growth as well as 180 basis points of adjusted operating margin expansion. We are raising our full year outlook this morning, and we remain confident in delivering double-digit adjusted operating profit growth in 2024. In our Utility Solutions segment, grid modernization and electrification continue to drive strong growth in transmission, substation and grid automation markets as utility customers invest in grid infrastructure upgrades to accommodate electrification-driven load growth and interconnect new sources of renewable generation. We believe that we are at the early stages of a multiyear T&D investment cycle and that Hubbell's leading positions and service levels position us for sustained GDP+ growth over the long term. As anticipated, Telcom markets remained weak, and utility distribution markets continue to reflect the impact of customer inventory normalization. Operational execution was strong in the quarter, and Utility Solutions returned to year-over-year operating margin expansion. Electrical Solutions delivered another quarter of strong core operating performance, with solid organic growth and 190 basis points of adjusted operating margin expansion. Performance in the quarter was led by strength in data center and renewable markets, where we are executing effectively on our strategy to compete collectively in high-growth verticals with specified positions, innovative new products and an integrated solution-oriented service model for customers. From an operational standpoint, we continue to simplify our business to drive productivity and operating efficiencies, which, along with portfolio transformation efforts, contributed to robust margin expansion in the quarter. Overall, while we continue to navigate pockets of challenges in certain large high-margin businesses, Hubbell is proving the ability to compound off of recent outperformance. As we look ahead, our portfolio and strategy uniquely position Hubbell to capitalize on grid modernization and electrification megatrends. We are confident in our ability to deliver on our increased full year outlook as well as to achieve differentiated performance for our shareholders over the long term. Before I turn it over to Bill to discuss the quarter in more detail, I'd like to provide some additional context on recent storm activity and the potential implication to our business. First and foremost, our thoughts are with all the people and communities impacted by these catastrophes. Hubbell has a large manufacturing presence in the U.S. Southeast, and three of our manufacturing facilities were impacted and encountered disruptions as a result of Hurricanes Helene and Milton. However, all have quickly returned to full operation, and I'm relieved that all of our employees are safe. I am proud of how Hubbell and our employees have responded in support of all of those in need during this time as well as the collective efforts to serve our customers and ensure that critical infrastructure and the impacted community is restored safely and efficiently. When we highlight service as a key differentiator in our industry, storms are a prime example where our customers depend on trusted partners who can reliably serve their needs at scale and with agility. Our dedicated emergency response team is unique in this regard, providing customers with 24/7 support, dedicated storm inventory, prioritized production, engineering to support to identify alternative restoration solutions and logistics capability to expedite delivery and never charging premiums or fees, but viewing it as our obligation and privilege to make a positive impact during these times of critical need. Bill will provide you with more specifics on the financial impact of the storms in the third quarter in a few minutes as well as the anticipated contribution of storm-related orders in the fourth quarter. As we have highlighted many times over the years, the impact of storms typically represent only a small portion of full year revenues, but more importantly, they highlight the ongoing need to harden our critical infrastructure in order to mitigate against the increasing impact of extreme weather events as well as the mission-critical nature of Hubbell product offerings and our commitments to service excellence for our customers. With that, let me now turn it over to Bill to walk you through some more details of the quarter.
Bill Sperry: Thanks very much, Gerb, and good morning, everybody. Appreciate you taking the time to be with us this morning. And I need to beg your patience. I've been fighting a cold this week and my voice is sharp, so I'm sorry about that. I'm going to start my comments on Page 4 of the slides that I hope you found and reiterate what Gerben said. Overall, very strong operating performance for Hubbell in the third quarter, 5% sales growth, 14% OP growth 180 basis points of OP margin expansion, 14% growth of earnings per share and 19% growth in free cash flow. In addition to looking at these variances to prior year, we sometimes look back at sequentials, and compared to the second quarter, we had growth in OP dollars, OP margins and earnings per share, all up sequentially, so we think signs of healthy financial performance. So returning to sales of up 5%, that's comprised of organic being down slightly and net M&A contributing about six points. The net M&A refers to the fact that we sold a lower-growth, lower-margin business of residential lighting and added some higher-margin, higher-growth businesses in the Utility segment, most notably, Systems Control, which we'll talk about the strong contributions we're getting from that acquisition when we get to the Utility segment. Inside of the organic story, we have strong end customer demand across the portfolio, the exception being a particularly weak Telcom industry. And as Gerben had mentioned, distribution utility still working through an overstock situation between the channel and our end customers. Operationally, you see mid-teens growth of 14% to $4.49 of adjusted EPS, and the operating profit side equaled growth with 180 basis points of margin expansion. And that also compares favorably to the second quarter where we had 40 basis points of sequential margin expansion from Q2 to Q3 in adjusted operating profit. There's improvement across both segments, and we'll talk about those in the next two pages, but structural improvements in the Electrical segment and on the Utility side, strong performance as well. I think you'll see good price cost, productivity execution and you'll see the impact of successful portfolio transformation by selling some lower-growth, lower-margin business and adding some higher-growth, higher-margin business. The EPS growth in that mid-teens in line with operating profit growth. Below the line of OP, there was a little bit more an interest expense due to the acquisition and a little bit lower tax rate that offset each other. And the cash flow in line to hit our full year targets. So on Page 5, we'll start to disaggregate the company's performance into the two segments, and I'm going to start, as we usually do, with the Utility segment. So you see double-digit sales growth in the third quarter of 11% to $933 million. That's comprised of 15% via acquisition and minus 4% organic. If we were to unpack that into the different divisions, you'll see growth in both, with 15% growth in grid infrastructure and mid-single-digit growth in grid automation. Just to remind everybody what we have in those two divisions, we have the old transmission and distribution, the old Hubbell Power System in the grid infrastructure as well as specialty, which includes both enclosures and gas components plus Systems Control. And in the grid automation, we've got Aclara, which has both meters and comms, plus switching infusing as well as some connected automation products. Sequentially, we saw sales growth from Q2 to Q3, which we think is a good sign of healthy seasonality. If we disaggregate a little bit into some of the markets, Telcom continues to be weak, down 30% in the third quarter. It represents a modest improvement over the first half as we're starting to flatten sequentially, but it remains pretty bumpy month-to-month, and we're expecting continued softness into the fourth quarter. Fourth quarter though will have easier compares and important maybe to note that flat from here would imply growth in 2025. On the T&D side, the real strength on the transmission piece, double-digit growth, benefiting from megatrends of electrification and renewables, both requiring new miles and new grid interconnections, which is spending that benefits Hubbell. On the distribution side, continuing to work through channel and customer overstocking. But there continues to be, we think, healthy demand as more equipment is being installed to harden the grid and for maintenance and repair. So we believe that's obviously a temporary condition, and we get to the end of this morning, and Gerben will give you some outlook ideas into 2025. Systems Control is worth pausing on. They're off to a really great start for us. This is our third quarter reporting with them in addition to a very short stub period in December. They are growing versus prior year at very healthy levels and delivering very attractive margins. The turnkey solution that they provide is proving to be very attractive for customers. Gerben and I have a chance to go out there and visit the team a couple of weeks ago. They're all very energized, excited to grow very culturally consistent with Hubbell, and great to watch our sales force interact with their sales force. And I think we can see some long-range growth there as our customer base can become Systems Control customer base. The selling cycle is a little bit longer, so the backlog provides actually a very strong visibility into 2025 already. So you'll hear us be quite confident about Systems Control. And on the grid automation side, growth up mid-single digits. Good tailwinds in grid protection and control solutions as our customers continue to invest in grid resiliency and, in particular, switching and fusing are doing quite well in substation applications. So on the right side of the page, turning to margins, you see very strong margin performance, up 18% in dollars to $236 million. You see 130 basis points of margin expansion to over 25%, which is a nice benchmark, we think, and that represents over one point of sequential expansion from the second quarter. So you have acquisitions contributing new dollars. You've got really strong price cost management, and you see some returns on prior year investments in productivity, and all of that is absorbing some of the decrementals from the contraction in Telcom. So very strong performance in the Utility segment. And let me elaborate a little bit on Gerben's comments on the storms. So to the Utility segment, the storms had a neutral impact in the quarter. We have a couple of facilities in Aiken, South Carolina, and Largo, Florida, that were impacted and had to be closed for the last several days. And we believe we lost about $5 million in shipments from those closures, but that was offset by about $5 million of shipments on storm orders that we got that we had in inventory and represented about one-fourth of the $20 million in orders that we received. So net effect is, in the third quarter, neutral, in the fourth quarter, we'll get those shipments out and including $15 million more in storm orders, which are already out there. So I'm going to turn to Page 6 and the Electrical segment. Another nice quarter for the Electrical segment as they've done in 2024. You see 3% organic growth with 190 basis points of margin expansion and 5% operating profit growth. The 3% organic growth nets out the effect of the disposition of residential lighting. If you also added back the effect of storms on the Electrical segment, there, we have a facility in Arden, North Carolina, near Asheville, the western part of North Carolina. And we're estimating they lost about $5 million to $10 million in sales from having to close those last several days of the quarter. Had those shipments gone out normally, you would have seen about 5% sales growth. So we think Electrical has got good trends and doing nicely on the sales side. That growth is being driven by data centers and renewable where we've enacted our vertical sales strategy, which is proving to be quite effective. We've unified the marketing materials, integrated the sales force, becoming much more effective at cross-selling the balance of system products and as well becoming more innovative with our new product development and doing really well with that strategy in those couple of verticals. Light Industrial continues to be very solid as the critical electrical content is installed in a wide range of products across a wide range of industries. Lesser contributions from heavy industrial and commercial. So decent trends across the portfolio, but the clear strength is data centers, renewables and light industrial. On the right side of the page, operating profit continues the strong performance we've been seeing in 2024. You see a 5% increase in operating profit. That would be double digits if you netted out resi from last year. So quite healthy growth, 190 basis points of margin expansion. Seeing good drop-through on that incremental growth, effective price cost management, the effect of the portfolio management is seen very clearly. And I think what portends best for the future is watching Mark, Mike and his team continue to simplify and streamline the business, continue to compete collectively, reorganize the sales force by geography versus product, eliminate functional redundancies and ultimately make the segments more efficient and more effective. So we're excited to see the path that Mark and his team have segment on. I think they're set up for good multiyear performance. On Page 7, I'm going to give the remainder of '24 outlook, and then I was going to ask Gerben to comment on next year. So we're raising our full year guidance to $16.35 to $16.55. That's mid-single-digit growth. And just to remind everybody, that's off of a base that over the last two years, in '22 and '23, is up about 75%. And so, to us, having what is in effect a 20% CAGR since 2020 levels is what we were trying to convey at Investor Day by describing kind of the new, new, where we're going to be growing off of this base. And we're going to be growing, we think, both sales and OP margin and that's quite important, we believe. The year specifically has evolved a little differently than we expected back in January, namely, we've generated lower sales volume as the Telcom market weakness has persisted longer than we believe, and the utility customers on the distribution side holding more inventory than we believed. So managing through those two headwinds, but we're quite pleased that the Hubbell business model is really performing very nicely, and despite those volume challenges, is delivering at the high or above high end of the original EPS range. So we've got multiple levers to pull, obviously, this year. We're relying on the acquisition level as well as the price cost productivity lever and those are proving to be very effective. And maybe just a comment on the fourth quarter itself. We're expecting revenues to be a little bit stronger seasonally as that storm shifted some of the sales out of 3Q into 4Q and created some new sales for the Utility segment. But we expect the operating performance to continue to increase margins. And so that gets us to the high end or maybe modestly above the high end as a range for the balance of the year. And I'll ask Gerben to give you thoughts as we're thinking about next year at this point.
Gerben Bakker: Great. Thanks, Bill. I am confident in our ability to deliver on our raised full year 2024 outlook and believe that Hubbell is well positioned for 2025 and beyond. With unique leading positions across the energy infrastructure in front of the meter, behind the meter and at the edge, we believe that Hubbell will achieve attractive GDP+ growth through the cycle as secular grid modernization and electrification megatrends accelerate. In Utility Solutions, we anticipate that robust T&D budgets will drive attractive growth across most of our end markets, as utility customers continue to invest in making the grid infrastructure more reliable, resilient and renewable. Project pipelines and interconnection backlogs drive high visibility to continued strength in transmission and substation markets, and we are confident that our sales and distribution markets will return to growth levels corresponding with healthy end customer demand. While our exposure in telcom markets will be reduced headed into next year, easing comparisons and stabilizing markets provide a constructive setups. In grid automation, we anticipate that meter project roll-offs will be more than offset by strength in Protection & Control Solutions. In Electrical Solutions, secular growth markets of data centers, renewables, and T&D make up more than 25% of our portfolio and are positioned for continued strength. While macroeconomic conditions drive some uncertainty in pockets of our business, we are well positioned to continue executing on our growth and productivity playbook to achieve differentiated performance. Hubbell has demonstrated over the last several years to collectively show their ability to execute across a wide range of environments and market conditions, driving over 20% compounded growth in adjusted operating profit and earnings per share. We expect to continue building off this strong base of performance in 2025 and beyond, and we look forward to sharing more details with you when we provide our initial outlook next year. With that, let me turn the call over to Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Jeffrey Sprague with Vertical Research. Your line is open.
Jeffrey Sprague: Hi, thanks. Good morning everyone. Hi, just in terms of getting level set on the actual results, on Slide 5, you used to kind of give us the organics. I've got Systems Control, looks like it's $120 million-ish of revenues in the quarter. If you could maybe let us know if that's right. And I guess that implies sort of grid infrastructure is down, I don't know, 6% organic or so. But maybe you could just share those numbers?
Bill Sperry: Yes. You've got Systems Control. Yes, that's right, Jeff.
Jeffrey Sprague: And how about grid automation? There's a little bit of M&A in there, too? Or is that 4% a good organic number?
Bill Sperry: That's organic, yes.
Jeffrey Sprague: That's all organic. And then on the storm impact itself, is there any confidence that this flushes out remaining channel inventory? I suppose if you need inventory in North Carolina and it's sitting in Arizona, it's not moving across the country, so maybe you don't really know. But you've been trying to solve this riddle all year. Where do you think we're at on the channel, and kind of getting the normalization?
Gerben Bakker: Yes. So Jeff, maybe I'll take that one. And the short answer to it is yes. This is helping to flush out the inventory. As you well point out, this is in with very specific customers in very specific regions. And I would even say within those customers, as they prepare for storm a branch. When they see that coming, they're going to play storm orders looking at their inventories, not necessarily what exists across the whole enterprise network perhaps. But yes, this is clearly going to help with flush that inventory through.
Jeffrey Sprague: And maybe just kind of a separate follow-on. Bill mentioned strong price cost. Could you give us a sense of how price performed in the quarter across the two segments?
Bill Sperry: Yes. So price was positive in both segments, about a point to the enterprise. And I think, I didn't want to mention it in my remarks just, because I think it's going to - we're pivoting, Jeff, to a period where it's just going to be a smaller part of the price/cost equation versus in '22 and '23, it was such a large thing. But about a point for the enterprise, and positive on both.
Jeffrey Sprague: Right. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Steve Tusa with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Stephen Tusa: Hi, good morning. Can you hear me okay?
Gerben Bakker: Yes, great.
Stephen Tusa: Great. Thanks. Just following up on that last question from Jeff on pricing. How should we think about that next year, in particular with utility? I mean, is like - I'm sure you're talking to your customers, how does that - how are those kind of negotiations playing out here for you guys passing utility for next year?
Gerben Bakker: Yes. Maybe - Steve, let me provide you just some broader comments on the discussions. I'd say our price traction this year in both segments have been good, right? The outlier to that is in the Telcom. We've given back some price to get specifics on targeted projects. But if you look at the T&D part of the business and the rest of the business, the price stick and the price actually - additional pricing that we've taken has held. We're coming into what we call blanket season again, with utilities right now. And as we think about it, price will still be a lever for us going forward. There's still inflation in the market. It will be much more modest levels, but we continue to focus on what our true value proposition is, right, which is service first. And the storms - the recent storms have again shown our customers why they do business with us. So, we still believe that while much - at a much more modest level that our customers will value first and foremost, the quality and the service and of course, then at a competitive price. So as we stated before, our whole construct is not to go backwards. And I think we've proven that in '24, and that's our views and set up for '25 as well.
Stephen Tusa: So when you look at kind of the margin you guys put up this year, pretty strong result. Was there anything in the comps, as we look to next year that plays out as a bit of a headwind? So should we assume the '24 margins are kind of a base to at least grow off of, for next year for utility margins? Because you just keep beating those numbers, obviously?
Bill Sperry: Yes. Look, I think, Steve, the way we wanted to set up the future, with our Investor Day outlook, was kind of shifting the idea of our OP walk to be going from a price cost kind of, really big step up in '22, and '23 and still a little bit in '24. And so, as you think about us going forward, think a little bit more about that volume driving incrementals. And that's why you sort of saw us in that 25% to 30% drop-through that we're kind of expecting. There's a little bit of investment activity still, but I would think of our ability to drive margins next year, to be largely driven on incrementals from volume.
Gerben Bakker: Yes. Maybe the other thing to keep in mind, Steve, is, as we were at the second half of last year, we really stepped up the investment levels to prepare for, where we had visible areas of demand. And that's a little bit what we're - what's driving our margins now as well right, is in the absence of some of those investments.
Stephen Tusa: Right. And then sorry, just one last quick one on utility. Should we think of next year as like an easy comp, because you still have destocking this year, so it should be above kind of your long-term average on some of these more stock and flow items?
Bill Sperry: Yes. I mean I think that we are anticipating transmission to remain really strong. And you're right that the D, should be able to bounce back. And so, I would agree with your statement.
Stephen Tusa: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Nigel Coe with Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Nigel Coe: Thanks. Good morning. So Bill, you do sound like you're struggling there, so hopefully it won't take too long to answer this question. But the way I'm trying to decompose here, I mean, I think Jeff's math is right down 6%, for core utility components. It looks like telcom is the bulk of that. So I'm getting to sort of ex-telcom flattish, maybe down 1% core. Is that correct? And then just kind of going from there, if that is correct, a couple of things. Number one, what do you estimate to be your sort of end customer, utility customer spending across your businesses, their distribution and maybe an infrastructure side? And then is this the weakness in residential new zones, have an impact on that business, or is this really just a destocking impact?
Gerben Bakker: Maybe let me take the first one, and you take the resi one, Bill. So your math is correct. As you pointed those out with both what the closures or telcom contributes and then the rest of the T&D. And I'd say end demand is mid-single digits, what we've been talking about. So, but I think you have it all assessed, right?
Bill Sperry: Yes. And I think, on the resi side, you continue to - I mean, we had - if you think about resi's impacts on us, we had a resi lighting business we got rid of. On the electrical side, we still have some exposure through the big boxes that goes into resi applications. But that's - I think your question was as it affects utility. We think that the maintenance and repair is really the way to drive that and that is still strong. And the effect of what's happening in new developments would be a smaller effect, I think.
Nigel Coe: Okay. And then a quick one on the margins. Utility margins were really impressive, especially given the mix impact, et cetera. SG&A came in a lot lighter than what we had. I think SG&A was down 4%. And obviously, we've got some portfolio changes going on here. But is that a sustainable level of SG&A? Was there some one-timers in there? And did that land primarily within utility components in terms of the SG&A impact?
Bill Sperry: I would say the SG&A was spread. I would say the level of spending is sustainable. As Gerben was saying, there was some elevated investments happening at the end of last year. So between last year's SG&A and this year's, I think this year's is kind of the durable maintainable level.
Gerben Bakker: Yes. And maybe as a - Nigel, as a percentage wise, certainly with the addition of Systems Control that right, in sales growth that reduces SG&A as a percentage. And then I'd say the other area in some of the business, particularly in the telcom and enclosures business, we've taken some actions to address cost appropriately for that decline in volume.
Nigel Coe: Okay. That's very helpful, thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Julian Mitchell with Barclays. Your line is open. Hi Julian. Julian, please check your mute button.
Julian Mitchell: Hi, good morning. Just wanted to circle back on the HUS sales outlook again. So perhaps maybe help us understand the telcom piece, how much are you thinking that's going to be down this year? I think before you'd said maybe down in the mid-20s. Wondering if that's still held. And when we're thinking about 2025, what slope of sort of telcom bounce should we see? And on the transmission side of utility, is that kind of steady growth next year? Any kind of acceleration, because of what's going on in backlog, maybe help us understand on that piece as well?
Gerben Bakker: Yes, I'd say on the telcom - I'm catching a cold. I am sorry. On the telcom side, it's more like 30% this year. It was, of course, stronger in the first half. And we're very careful to how to build that business back up. Our goal is not to try to recapture that volume, but to grow that profitably going forward. And even now, as we see some projects come back and we're quoting some pretty sizable projects for next year, we're just being very, very thoughtful to not just capture that volume at any price. So, I wouldn't expect it to bounce back at those kind of levels that have declined, but more steady growth from here going forward.
Bill Sperry: And I think your second half was around transmission, and transmission has been cranking at double-digits, and we're anticipating that to continue. I wouldn't - I think your question was whether there was some acceleration, and I would say we're expecting it to continue to crank in double-digits.
Julian Mitchell: That's helpful. Thank you. And then just kind of following up on that. On the inventory aspect at the customers, I realized the visibility is perhaps not as high as one would like. Is your impression that the inventory issue, we won't still be talking about it early next year. Do you have some sense of where those inventory levels lie at the major customers?
Gerben Bakker: Yes. Let me give some comments and insights on it. And as we think about the destock, what we see is that it's driven mainly by our large IOU customers. In many cases, these are VIP relationships, long-term strategic alliances. And this is an area where we actually prioritized them, when we started to see the supply chain normalize, in part, helping to create this. In other areas like the smaller munis, co-ops and the public power where this overstock has been less pronounced, we're actually seeing very nice growth, in line with what is demand - what we see as demand. Certainly, the - as we said, the storms have helped this a little bit. We continue to have conversations with our customers. We continue to analyze the sell-through data, with conversations with these customers. And I'd say that provides a constructive outlook for us for distribution growth in '25. Now of course, the timing of precise at the turn of the year, is it over? Those are just very hard to call. But I'd say what's for us encouraging that we're also right now starting, to see some of these customers trying to place '25 orders, specifically for projects that they start having visibility, too. So that gives us confidence that demand is strong. So I would say calling a specific date is very hard. We anticipate that this situation will be much, much improved exiting this year, and return to growth here more importantly.
Julian Mitchell: That's great, Gerb. And just to clarify sort of what proportion roughly of your utility revenue is that type of customer where the inventories have been high? Any rough sense of proportion?
Gerben Bakker: We haven't disclosed that, Julian.
Julian Mitchell: Understood. Thanks very much.
Gerben Bakker: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Joseph O'Dea with Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Joe O'Dea: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my question. I wanted to circle back. I thought, Gerben, your comment on telcom and being selective and the volume go after is interesting. Just any perspective on kind of margin mix within HUS as we think about sort of transmission distribution substation, versus like telco and gas distribution? Trying to think about, as telco comes back, but you're more selective with it, just some of the margin considerations there, as well as with the growth contributions may be changing a little bit next year, any margin mix considerations?
Bill Sperry: Yes, Joe. It's interesting thinking about mix, specifically with telcom. The margins have been really high. And as we've worked through this volume decline, they have come down. But you'd expect, as it comes back, the margins to return to attractive levels. And I wouldn't get to - I don't think there's a ton of mix drivers in all those different pieces, much more consistent, I would say.
Joe O'Dea: Got it. And then just anything on tariff scenario considerations, in particular as it relates to sourcing? I think the portfolio moves would have diminished some of the direct exposure that you have, but I'm not sure in terms of the portfolio, as it exists today. And just as we're mindful of sort of scenario considerations, anything on the tariff front?
Gerben Bakker: Yes. I think you're right to point out that exposure has been reduced, particularly the lighting businesses were highly exposed to that, but I'd also say in the last couple of years as part of our resiliency and strengthening during the supply chain crunch, we've also reduced our exposure to certainly one of those regions that, we're highly exposed to tariffs in the past. I'd say today, to Hubbell, it's a lower exposure than it was. And I'd say the second thing is we've learned a lot from the earlier days of when we perhaps were self-critical of not going after that fast enough. And I think, we've proven over the last couple of years whether it's tariff, or other inflation that we've much better reacted to those. So I'd say I'm confident that when tariffs - if and when tariffs do happen that it's, a, smaller impact to our business; but b, that we'll manage it.
Joe O'Dea: I appreciate it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Chris Snyder with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Chris Snyder: Thank you. I wanted to follow-up on the utility organic growth commentary. It seems like - at least based on my kind of back of the envelope math, it seems like utility is up low single-digits organic in Q4, and really, all of that is driven by the storm, whether it's the deferment out of Q3, or just the storm orders you guys got. So I guess my question is, how fast do you think that this business can get back to that mid-single-digit kind of plus target? It sounds like you guys think next year at or above, just because - is that more of like a back half that we get there? Or do you think you could start the year at that level? It just seems like a big step up from what's implied on Q4?
Bill Sperry: Yes. I mean I think that our view is that, it could bounce back when this inventory levels are - find their natural level. And that we think, at the end market level, the material is getting installed at a level higher than our shipments are right now. So as Gerben said, I think the situation keeps getting better every day. There's a mathematical point at, which you can still grow even if customers are still destocking and - so that's - we haven't given you our guidance for '25 yet, but we do anticipate organic utility growth starting at the beginning of next year.
Chris Snyder: I appreciate that. Thank you. And then maybe just following up on that. Can you maybe talk a little bit about what's expected for Aclara? It came out of a period of really strong growth, but a lot of that was driven by kind of working down the backlog. Is the expectation that Aclara kind of flat lines? Or should we expect Aclara to enter a period of decline just given how some of the comps are? Thank you.
Bill Sperry: Yes. I mean I think Aclara has got ability to grow its comps, half of its business. And so the - your question is really pointed, I think, at the meter piece. And there is a couple of big projects that are rolling off, and the business has become a little bit more a maintenance and repair-type business. And when new projects get added back, ultimately, that would provide the next surge of growth, I would say.
Gerben Bakker: And maybe to put a finer point on it, I think as we look to '25, we expect meters to be down, but more than offset by the AMI and Protection & Controls growth. And then that's how we kind of look at that business as a whole as grid automation.
Chris Snyder: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Christopher Glynn with Oppenheimer. Your line is open.
Christopher Glynn: Thanks. Good morning and feel better Bill. Just wanted to ask about the heavy industrial and commercial markets. You said a little softer. It didn't sound like it was particularly maybe it flattened. Does that feel like just kind of wonkiness in the end market, or some fundamental slowing, maybe the facility impact hit those products?
Bill Sperry: Yes. I think it's an interesting one. As we look at it, Chris, if you start on the heavier industrial side, we're serving, for example, steel plants. And when you see steel prices down, that tells you something about demand and gives us an indication of that demand, is not strong on steel. It's interesting that copper has kind of been running in different direction from that. And so, it's a little bit - the contributions have just been very modest comparatively, and something that keep our eye on, as we give you guidance for '25 when we're together in January, we'll have, I think, more to say about what we're expecting there.
Christopher Glynn: Okay. And commercial markets, non-resi?
Bill Sperry: Yes. So again, it's interesting, we used to - with the big lighting business there, we used to have a lot of exposure and we have a lot less now. But it's been, again, pretty modest for us right now.
Christopher Glynn: Okay. And then just kind of a final-step question on all the distribution products discussions. Anything interesting in the third quarter book-to-bill versus the first half?
Bill Sperry: I don't think anything terribly enlightening now. I think Gerben's comments on how you're sort of peeling away, where would there be destocking on the distribution side. It's not in co-ops and utilities and public power anymore. I think we just started ruling out kind of from Houston through Florida in the Southeast. The hurricanes have probably flushed that all out, right? So, we just - keep getting better on that side, I would say.
Christopher Glynn: Great, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Brett Linzey with Mizuho. Your line is open.
Peter Costa: Hi, good morning. This is Peter Costa on for Brett. So just one on the BEADs program. Is there any update to how you're thinking about that, the impact of the funding? And then are you worried about any political risk there, just should there be a Trump presidency, particularly with Musk trying to cut costs, and is more outspokenly opposed to the program? Thanks.
Dan Innamorato: Yes. I mean, what we've said, Peter, is limited contributions this year and probably not until later next year until BEAD funding starts to flow. There's been a couple of approvals recently for money to flow in terms of big project that's, associated with BEAD. It's not something we've seen yet. And so, I think later next year was sort of the base case of when some of that could start to contribute.
Peter Costa: All right. Thanks. And just on the M&A pipeline, anything on deal velocity, general sizing, or just white spaces you're looking to fill out? Thanks.
Bill Sperry: Yes. I think the M&A pipeline is pretty robust right now. A couple of things swirling around, and I would say, of the traditional sizes, there's more in our typical $50 million to $100 million size range, but there are also the things in the billion-ish range where you've seen us do a couple of things recently. So it's something we continue to feel there will be opportunities for us to strengthen both the Electrical and Utility segments. There continues to be good brands out there. We can buy ways to strengthen our product and solutions suite. And the - we continue to look for growth rates, and margin potential that's additive to us. So one of the interesting implications of that is, I think we are seeing higher multiples and yet, because of the higher margin and higher growth rates, we're still able to deliver the same, or even often better rates of return. So it's an interesting outcome that - I feel like the multiples have crept us - up on us the last year or two, but then I think it's - I actually think there it's warranted and justified given the return potential.
Peter Costa: Perfect. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Nicole DeBlase with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Nicole DeBlase: Yes, thanks guys. Good morning. A lot of questions have been asked already. But I guess maybe just on channel inventory, I mean, obviously, a lot of discussion around what's happening at the end customer level. But I just want to confirm that you guys still feel comfortable, with where channel inventory is today?
Gerben Bakker: Yes, I'd say yes. Yes, it's working out.
Nicole DeBlase: Okay. Got it. That was clear. Okay cool. And then I guess on the 4Q outlook, it seems like you guys are saying this, but just wanted to confirm, like we should be kind of assuming a normal seasonal outcome, and then just layer on the impact of the storm pushout from 3Q to 4Q. So you guys expect to recapture all of that in the fourth quarter?
Bill Sperry: Yes. That's a better way. I think I said better than seasonal, but it's probably - you said it better, which is it will be seasonal plus a pickup from the storms. You said it better than I did.
Nicole DeBlase: Okay. Perfect. Thank you guys. I'll pass it on.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Scott Graham with Seaport Research Partners. Your line is open.
Scott Graham: Yes. Hi, good morning. Thank you for taking my question. Two questions really. The renewables and the data center businesses, were those up sort of in the 15%, 20% territory? Or was it actually 20%?
Dan Innamorato: It's up strong double-digits, Scott.
Scott Graham: Fair enough. Okay. There was a comment made earlier about POS utility level, being sort of running up mid-single. Is that across both grid infrastructure and automation? Or was that just a comment on just infrastructure?
Dan Innamorato: There's a comment on distribution markets, within utility and some of the customers that aren't in an overstock position.
Scott Graham: Great, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is a follow-up from Jeffrey Sprague with Vertical Research. Your line is open.
Jeffrey Sprague: Hi, thanks for letting me back in. I just want to come back to Systems Control. I think we were working with the assumption that was a $400 million business last year. You kind of confirmed you just did $120-ish million in revenues here in Q3. I'm sure there's some seasonality. I mean, is this business growing 15%, 20% organically currently? Maybe you could just give us a sense. You mentioned order strong, modularization offering, getting traction. Just kind of a little bit more color on how that business is performing?
Bill Sperry: Yes. So first of all, we didn't have it last year. So I'm comparing...
Jeffrey Sprague: No, I know, but yes, whatever the business impact?
Bill Sperry: But yes, growth rate is strong. It isn't perfectly linear. I would say the third quarter was particularly strong. But I think you're right to infer that it's growing very handsomely and at nice margins and that, I believe, over the long-term, but this would require investment on our part. But I think with our sales force and our relationships, I really think we can grow that business over the long-term, yes Jeff, in a really important way. So, we're really pleased to have systems control in the family.
Dan Innamorato: Just a point of clarification, $400 million was the expectation for revenues this year, Jeff.
Jeffrey Sprague: It was. Okay. Thanks Dan [Ph]. And can you - I think somebody might have asked a tariff question, I'm going back and forth a little bit between calls. But can you give us a sense now of what percent of your COGS are U.S.-based?
Bill Sperry: I don't know that I have that off the top of my head. The question was asked, and we said; a, it's smaller. It was the inverse. It was what exposure would you have and it's smaller; a, because we sold off two lighting businesses that had a lot of exposure; second, we had done some redundancy planning and pulled some volume back domestically. And then secondly, the fact that we have a lot more confidence in our ability to manage whatever tariff headwinds via price and productivity. So, we'll keep our eyes very closely on the tariff question. But we're a pretty significant majority of our COGS are U.S.-based now.
Gerben Bakker: Yes, Jeff, without having - I too don't have the number, but I'd say it's a significant portion of our COGS is North American based.
Jeffrey Sprague: Appreciate it. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. I'm showing no further questions at this time. I would now like to turn it back to Dan Innamorato for closing remarks.
Dan Innamorato: Thanks, everybody, for joining us. We'll be around all day for calls. Appreciate it.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-07-30 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Hubbell Incorporated Second Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers' presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Dan Innamorato, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Dan Innamorato: Thanks, Shannon. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Earlier this morning, we issued a press release announcing our results for the second quarter of 2024. The press release and slides are posted to the Investors section of our website at hubbell.com. Joined today by our Chairman, President and CEO, Gerben Bakker; and our Executive Vice President and CFO, Bill Sperry. Please note our comments this morning may include statements related to the expected future results of our company and are forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Please note the discussion of forward-looking statements in our press release and considered incorporated by reference to this call. Additionally, comments may also include non-GAAP financial measures. Those measures are reconciled to the comparable GAAP measures and are included in the press release and slides. Now let me turn the call over to Gerben.
Gerben Bakker: Great. Thanks, Dan. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us to discuss Hubbell's second quarter 2024 results. Hubbell delivered strong operating performance in the quarter, generating 8% year-over-year adjusted operating profit growth and 40 basis points of adjusted operating margin expansion along with 7% year-over-year growth in adjusted earnings per share and free cash flow. Given our first half performance and continued visibility into the second half, we are raising our 2024 outlook this morning and are confident in our ability to deliver double-digit adjusted operating profit growth on a full-year basis. Performance in the quarter was highlighted by strong organic growth and margin expansion in the Electrical Solutions where robust project activity drove strong growth in data center and renewables markets and where our vertical market strategy is uniquely positioning Hubbell to serve the needs of our customers. As we highlighted at our Investor Day in June, HES is executing on two strategic focus areas to compete collectively in high-growth verticals while also simplifying our business to drive productivity and operating efficiencies. We are making good progress on both of these initiatives, and we also continue to benefit from our portfolio transformation efforts, which align the segment to structurally higher growth and margins over the long-term. In Utility Solutions, while we continue to be impacted by weak telecom markets and to a lesser extent, customer inventory normalization and utility distribution market as anticipated, T&D end market demand remains strong. Transmission and substation markets achieved robust double-digit growth in the quarter as utility customers invest in upgrading the grid infrastructure to interconnect new sources of renewable generation with load growth from data centers and other electrical applications. As we highlighted to you last month, our leadership across T&D markets and strong relationships with utility customers uniquely positions Hubbell for sustained outperformance over an attractive long-term utility investment cycle as grid modernization and electrification megatrends accelerate. Operationally, we drove positive price/cost productivity across both segments while continuing to invest in capacity and productivity initiatives, including another quarter of higher year-over-year restructuring and related investments. Overall, we are pleased with our operating performance in the quarter, even while absorbing pockets of challenges in certain large, high-margin businesses Hubbell is proving the ability to comp off of recent outperformance. This is a testament to the quality of our portfolio, the attractiveness of secular trends we are exposed to and the strength of our people and operating model. With that, let me now turn it over to Bill.
Bill Sperry: Thanks, Gerben, very much, and good morning, everybody. Appreciate you joining us recognize there's a number of releases this morning. I'm going to start my comments on Page 4 of the materials. You can see a strong performance in the second quarter by Hubbell exceeded our own expectations, thanks really to contributions from the Electrical segment. I think they came in the form of strong market growth in targeted verticals as well as good execution on the productivity and cost front. So turning to sales, 7% growth to $1.45 billion. That 7% is comprised of 2% organic which is all priced at two points and five points of acquired sales, and that's a net number. Just to remind everybody, we had 8% contribution from acquisitions from three different deals that were closed last year, and we had minus 3% headwind from the divestiture of Residential Lighting that we effected earlier this year. So plus 8% and minus 3% netting to 5% from M&A. Independent of the impact on volumes, you'll see benefits on the margin front from these portfolio reshaping when we get into some of the segment result pages, and I think it's been beneficial to our enterprise to exit lower growth, lower margin businesses and add higher growth, higher-margin businesses. And I think we're getting dividends from that acquisition program. Turning to OP operationally, you see 22.8% margins, expansion of 40 basis points year-over-year, quite important as we finish the year to keep improving on those margins. The margin story was driven by a big performance in Electrical, which we'll talk about in a couple of pages. Utility had sequential improvement in operating profit quarter-over-quarter and favorable price/cost, productivity performance in both segments showing really good execution. We're having success with pricing realization and some of the investments we made last year, resulting in some productivity improvement inside the factories this year. So good performance on the PCP side. Earnings per share, 7% growth to $4.37 adjusted EPS. So up above, we had 8% OP contribution and an increase in interest expense, which aligns to 7% earnings growth. On the free cash flow side, $206 million on track at halfway point here to hit our target of $800 million for the year. Turning to Page 5. I wanted to take advantage of these visual graphs and take us back about 1.5 months to Investor Day and really remind us of what I thought was one of the most important takeaways from that Investor Day, which was to pull the lens back for the last three-year period, remind ourselves of how much improvement there was in Hubbell's performance in 2022 and 2023. And basically, at Investor Day, we described that bigger and better Hubbell being the base off of which we are now going to grow and improve and get even bigger and better. So using Page 5 to illustrate that takeaway. In sales, to remind everybody, in '22 and '23, we had a compound annual growth rate of 14% off of that much higher base, we continue to grow sales 6%. On the upper right of the graph, you see operating profit. I remind everybody that in '22 and '23, that compound growth rate of 38% and off of those higher levels we're growing another 8%. And earnings per share on the lower left, to remind everyone, '22 and '23, we had a compound annual growth rate of 36% and we're continuing to grow 7% off that base. So I just really wanted to illustrate that point of how we're growing off that improved performance level. Page 6, let's start to unpack the performance by segment, and we'll start with the Utility segment. And there's really two halves to the story here, the sales and the OP and I'm going to start with sales, which are up 12% to $927 million. Those sales are comprised -- sales growth is comprised almost entirely of acquisitions with the organic down slightly. And we had a similar shape in the first quarter where both grid infrastructure and grid automation, the two units contributed double-digits to the growth. So let's unpack and start. I'm on kind of the lower left of the page and grid infrastructure being the first unit. Sales are up 12%, and that's really driven by the Systems Control acquisition that we closed in December. To remind everyone that is an integrated solutions provider for substations, for utility businesses. Business is doing really well since we've added, it's growing at attractive margin levels. So the acquisition driving sales, the organic is down mid-single-digit, and that's driven by the Telecom end market that we talked about at some length in the first quarter. And the results are very similar to that first quarter down 40%. I think we're starting to feel the bottom there, and we'll start to look forward to some slightly easier compares in the second half. And I think sometimes over the last two quarters, that performance of the Telecom market has somewhat taken away from the picture of what's going on in our core transmission and distribution business, which is growing organically and expanding margins. So very, very healthy there, the strength this year has been in the transmission and substation side of things. We really see robust project activity involving both new miles of construction as well as grid interconnections. On the distribution side of T&D, we continue to have -- we continue to have to navigate through some end customer destocking. It's not significant enough to prevent T&D from growing, but still a headwind. And that headwinds in particular areas like pole line hardware that are typically more on shelves and in stock. So let's pivot from that top grid infrastructure unit to the grid automation unit at the bottom. You see sales up double-digits, organic growth up at 8%. And we continue to have AMI, which is the comms part and meters conversion of backlog, and there continues to be strength in grid protection and controls demand, resulting in a smarter and more resilient grid. So I want to talk about margins on the right side of the page, which I think is a really important part of Page 6. So importantly, those margins from the first quarter are up sequentially, 220 basis points. So very nice execution from Q1 to Q2. You see an increase of 4% in dollars to $222 million. You see a decline year-over-year in margin from 25.6% to 24%. And basically, of the drivers on the lower right part of the page, you see three of them are headwinds. The most important of which is the decrementals on the Telecom volume which explains essentially the entire drop. In addition to that, we increased our restructuring investments, which was a drag on margins. And I mentioned the Systems Control acquisition being at attractive margin levels happens to be below last year's level slightly. So it creates a little bit of headwind. And so the fact that price/cost productivity is basically offsetting both the restructuring and acquisition effects, we think sets us up importantly for a good second half in Utility margins. So I'm going to continue to Page 7 and talk about the Electrical segment. And you see really strong performance turned in by our Electrical team in Q2. Sales grew 7% organically, while margins expanded 350 basis points to north of 20% level. The growth was driven primarily by our targeted vertical markets, most notably data centers and renewables. And a couple of things of note there. One, obviously, the markets are growing rapidly. Two is, we have a really good suite of products and solutions like connectors and grounding products that fit well with that segment and are helping our customers. And we've made some strides towards competing collectively there, which we think both assists cross-selling, product development and makes us easier to do business with. And we think that's helping us. These are relatively small businesses for us, comprising approximately 15% of the segment sales. But because the growth rates are so significant, they're actually driving a lot of the incremental growth. Beyond the verticals, though, I think the markets are in solid shape. Industrial markets, in particular, solid. We think non-res is pretty steady. And importantly, for us on this Electrical side, we've really exited the period of destocking that we were navigating through last year. On the margin side, you see 18% growth to $109 million and about 350 basis points expansion to 20.8%. I think one of the biggest effects there has been the disposition of the resi lighting business. And in the absence of that, we reduced sales by 9% in the segment, but we added over 50 basis points to this margin story. In addition to the absence of that business, we have incremental drop-throughs on as volumes return post destocking and in particular, in the highly attractive vertical markets of data center and renewables. And we have price cost productivity, favorability, good price realization with stick rates and good productivity. You heard Mark Mikes, our leader of this segment at Investor Day talk about looking to compete collectively and drive efficiencies and looking forward to Mark's continued strong performance here in this segment. With that, I want to turn it back to Gerben to focus on a couple of areas of growth.
Gerben Bakker: Great. Thanks, Bill. And before I go to the full-year outlook, I want to take the opportunity and just highlight a couple of growth areas for us. And as Bill just talked about in the segment discussions, we are seeing some strong pockets of growth in specific markets and product lines within our businesses. And one of the themes that emerges when you look across the performance of the portfolio is that some of the strongest growth is in the areas which tend to be exposed early in the industrial project cycle, in particular, in data center and renewables verticals across both utility and electrical markets. For example, Hubbell has a leading position in electrical grounding with our Burndy brand, where we are highly specified across key end markets with the premier grounding solution in the industry. These products are typically installed early in a project cycle once construction breaks ground and year-to-date revenue in this product category is up over 30%, which much of that growth being driven by data center and renewable projects. This is a positive indicator for continued market growth in these areas as we continue to execute on our vertical market strategy and pull through other specified solutions as these project progress. In Utility Solutions, Bill highlighted strong growth in transmission and distribution -- and transmission and substation markets. And as we think about substations, this market is very much at the intersection of trends in renewables and data center as substations are needed to interconnect new sources of generation and load. We have a strong position in utility substation and one of those key product categories is substation switching, which is a critical solution enabling utilities to isolate portions of the grid for maintenance and repair. We have realized over 40% sales growth in this product category in the first half with orders and demand outstripping sales. As we consider the longer-term impact of load growth on the grid, Hubbell is uniquely positioned with our offerings across transmission, substation and distribution to enable the upgrading of this aged infrastructure. We believe that grid modernization and electrification will continue to drive growth across our portfolio over a multiyear investment cycle. We have positioned our portfolio and our strategy to take advantage of these opportunities and to serve the needs of our customers, both in front and behind the meter. Now turning to our outlook for the second half and full-year. Hubbell is raising our full-year adjusted earnings per share outlook this morning to a range of $16.20 to $16.50. We currently anticipate 7% to 8% sales growth and approximately 3% organic growth for the full-year with adjusted operating margins of 21% to 21.5%. This represents double-digit free cash flow and adjusted operating profit growth at the midpoint as well as solid adjusted operating margin expansion off of strong 2023 levels. Our first half performance puts us well on track to achieve this increased full-year outlook. Looking ahead to the second half, we see continued momentum in execution in Electrical Solutions and we expect utility solutions to achieve improved levels of organic growth while returning to year-over-year adjusted operating margin expansion. Longer term, we remain confident in Hubbell's ability to compound on recent outperformance. At our Investor Day last month, we laid out a multiyear financial outlook for mid-single-digit organic growth and attractive incremental margins, along with strong free cash flow generation and deployment as grid modernization and electrification megatrends accelerate into 2025 and beyond, Hubbell is well positioned to consistently deliver on these commitments while serving the growing needs of our utility and electrical customers. With that, let me now turn the call back over to Shannon for the Q&A session.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from the line of Jeffrey Sprague with Vertical Research Partners. Your line is now open.
Jeffrey Sprague: Thank you. Good morning everyone.
Gerben Bakker: Good morning, Jeff.
Jeffrey Sprague: Hey, good morning. Just on Utility in general, and I guess just kind of specifically, first question is just on the inventory dynamics. It doesn't sound like you're necessarily declaring victory on the channels being cleared at the customer level. Maybe just give us any kind of additional insight on where we stand as it relates to that. And your view of what end demand and distribution might have been in the quarter even though you were dealing with some sell-in issues as inventories correct.
Gerben Bakker: Yes. Let me start that, Jeff. And as we indicated early in the year, the destocking, particularly in the distribution side of utility lasted a little longer than initially anticipated. And it primarily came to the lesser visibility that we have as we look into the end customer. I would say there is evidence that this is improving, but it's very hard to call because it's happening at different levels, different speeds at different customers within different product lines. So certain product lines right now, we're seeing that ending and then we're seeing the demand inflect up, but then others, we still continue to see some of that destocking continuing. And just as a perspective, we dealt with this in the Electrical segment last year. At that time, too, it was hard to predict. But the best sign of it was that when it was over, we saw demand inflecting back up and we returned to growth in that. So we still see end demand strong. We see this through -- if you look at the CapEx budgets for utilities, those are growing, not only in the actual spend, but in the projections out. Discussions that we have with our customers indicate that they continue to invest. And again, in areas of the portfolio where the destock is over, certainly -- certain product lines, but then also other areas like transmission and substation, the demand is very strong. So we have good indication that the end demand in T&D continues to be strong and that this is a period that we'll have to work through over the second half to continue to get through it with the different customers and the different product lines.
Jeffrey Sprague: And then just on the kind of the transmission and substation markets, the comment that things are growing double-digit there. Obviously, systems control is not in the organic base, but is it also growing at that double-digit pace? And I just want to clarify on margins, too. I think Bill said margins there were down versus last year. I think you just meant the mix effect of the lower margin business coming in. But can we clarify that, maybe how the margins are tracking and systems control also.
Bill Sperry: Yes. Let's start with the second question. So their margins are at attractive levels. We didn't have them last year, but they're just a little bit below the mid-20s. And so we love adding that kind of margin, Jeff, but it's interesting. It creates a little bit of headwind quarter-over-quarter. And I would say that the transmission and substation growth of double-digits is an organic, not an acquisition impact. It's grown organically at that level.
Jeffrey Sprague: But Systems Control growing in line with that double-digit pace in the broader market.
Bill Sperry: It is. And again, we didn't own it last year, but it is kind of -- yes, it is compared to what it was doing last year.
Jeffrey Sprague: Great, all right. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Steve Tusa with JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Stephen Tusa: Hey, good morning.
Bill Sperry: Good morning, Steve.
Stephen Tusa: Can you just give us some color in Utility on what the like margin is in the second half kind of an exit rate? And then any color you have on pricing there?
Bill Sperry: Yes. Maybe we'll start with pricing. I think that we can still continue to operate, Steve, in an inflationary environment and some materials between copper and steel are moving around in opposite directions sometimes here. But with the other value-add on components and with things like labor and transportation and things like that, we still feel we're operating. And I may be reading into your question too much, but we get the question a lot of, if steel is down, will we have to give up Utility price. And we really aren't feeling that pressure rate at this moment. And we continue to believe that our customers are paying for quality, reliability, on-time delivery, really helping out down in Houston over the last month being reminded of supporting customers with if there's a hurricane outage or something of that like, being there to support them and get their customers back up and turned on as fast as possible. Though part of what we think is the value proposition that ultimately supports our pricing level. So I may be reading too much into it that you're asking about to do commodities impact, but that's -- we're not feeling that pressure at this moment, Steve.
Stephen Tusa: So I guess just the margin like a little more precision on the margin, your exit rate or the second half?
Gerben Bakker: Let me help you. We expect margins in the second half to improve from the first half with some of that organic volume coming back.
Stephen Tusa: And then just one last one for you on the seasonality. You said last quarter that you expected kind of a normal seasonal year, 47%. You were very precise on that of EPS in the first half. Any reason why that would change?
Gerben Bakker: Yes. I mean I think -- I think the 47% is a pretty gross measure, and I used it to just remind everybody that we'll be -- we would be seasonally something normal. I think if you look back on our last five to 10 years, you see 47%, 48%, 49%. And so I do think that it is a growth -- I think maybe you're pointing out, it's a pretty sensitive and gross way to describe seasonality. So our guide right now, Steve, is more in the 48% plus, closer to 49% expectation.
Stephen Tusa: Okay. I got the math. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Nigel Coe with Wolfe Research. Your line is now open.
Nigel Coe: Thanks. Good morning. Maybe Bill, I'll turn to kind of the implied question, maybe you want Steve's question on its tail. Maybe you talk about steel prices have come down a lot since you gave your plan in January. So perhaps price cost might be more tailwinds from here. I mean, how do you respond to that, given that the pricing and utility remains very strong.
Bill Sperry: Yes. I think you're pointing out a variance in steel, which is favorable. There's been some negative variances in copper and higher inflation and things like transportation and wages. And so there's a -- it's hard to try to isolate on a single commodity and try to read that through too much into any kind of favorable PPV if you will.
Nigel Coe: So it's all kind of mixing back to plan. I just wanted to maybe just try and dig into the trends within core Utilities. So organic down 6% this quarter. Did I miss the price within Utility, I'm assuming it's 2%, 3%, but -- so let's call it down high single-digit volumes. But then if we ship out Telecom, are we back to sort of low-single-digits for core Utility component -- core Utility components ex-Telecom volumes? And then maybe just talk about the book-to-bill as well. Are we now at a point where book-to-bill is above 1%.
Bill Sperry: Yes. So let's see a couple of components there. Let's start with -- you had the price right at a couple of points. And I think your you're kind of extracting the enclosures, the Telecom market correctly to get to attractive growth rates inside of the core transmission and distribution. I think the book-and-bill question is one that we spend some time looking at and it's not yet. It's not at this split second all the way back to one, but you're right to point out it was in couple of years past, it was way north of one, and I think that's still kind of normalizing right now, Nigel.
Gerben Bakker: Maybe a comment to add on to that because the back of -- most of our businesses are book-to-bill. Now we've added some businesses recently where -- like Systems Control or Aclara where backlog is a bigger component because of the -- there's just a long lead time nature or order planning of that. But most of our business is book-to-bill, where you're generally around one typically. And as you look back over the last couple of years, as Bill noted, when we were well above it, our laser priority was, and it continues to be to get those backlogs back down because that's a reflection when you do that your service is better, that your lead times get shorter, and that's a good thing. That's one of the key value propositions that we have for our customers when we're able to do that. So for us, actually, a reduction in backlog, driving that down is very strategic in how we want to operate. And we still have pockets where our lead times are too long and where our backlog is the high, where we're focused on taking that down. So it's a hard question for us to answer in the context of growth. We look at [indiscernible] and if that's growing and then backlogs, we want to get them as low as possible to have attractive lead times and service levels.
Nigel Coe: Great. I'll leave it there. But if you could maybe just clarify, Bill, the proportion of the Utility business with Telecom. So you can just pull that up appropriately, that would be great. Thanks.
Bill Sperry: About 10% of the segment, Nigel.
Nigel Coe: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Julian Mitchell with Barclays. Your line is now open.
Julian Mitchell: Hi, good morning.
Bill Sperry: Hi, Julian.
Julian Mitchell: Good morning. Maybe just wanted to clarify the 3% organic growth for the total company for the year. So is that kind of very low single-digit growth in Utility and then sort of mid-single-digit plus in HES, is that the right framework? And just within Utility, curious what the updated Telecom assumption is for the sales change in the year after down 40% in the first half, please?
Bill Sperry: So let me start with Telecom, which was -- when we started our guide, we thought it was going to be down double-digit. We had it down 40% first quarter. That persisted into the second at down 40%, and that caused us to adjust our Telecom expectations to order of magnitude down 25% for the year. And I think as you were trying to parse the two segments into the 3%, it would be Electrical at mid-singles and the Utility at low single-digits.
Julian Mitchell: Thanks very much. And then just -- there was some discussion earlier about sort of first half, second half dynamics. But maybe within the second half, just curious around sort of seasonality of third versus fourth quarter. I think sort of typically, it looks like earnings are often flattish sequentially in the third quarter and then down maybe mid-high-single-digit in the fourth quarter sequentially. Is that the right way to think about sort of 2024 as well?
Bill Sperry: Yes, Julian. I think our typical seasonality as the second and third quarters kind of form our head in the first quarter and fourth quarter on shoulders. And so second quarter and third, you can sometimes step up a little bit, but it's not wrong to think of those as two big quarters and then steps down in the fourth quarter.
Julian Mitchell: That's great. Thank you.
Bill Sperry: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Brett Linzey with Mizuho. Your line is now open.
Brett Linzey: Hey, good morning all. Thanks. Just wanted to come back to the telecom markets down again as expected. But -- any insights you can share as to the level of visibility into the back half and customer readiness with some of the speed funding?
Gerben Bakker: Yes, so maybe I'll start that one. And maybe if you take a step back, as you look at last year, Telecom was up double-digits in the first half of '23. It went down sharply double-digits in the second half of '23. So certainly, as we go into the second half now, we're going to see easier comp. But as you look at maybe first half, I mean second half to second quarter, we see that pretty flattish BEAD money you talk about, that's still an area that we believe will drive growth and need to invest in this area is very clear to us, especially in rural deployment of fiber. So we see that coming. Money is starting to flow to some of the states and the states have got to identify the projects. They got a bid those. So we see that more as a '25 and perhaps later in '25 coming back. So we do believe we're at the bottom here. We believe we'll be along the bottom for a little while, and then we'll see that coming up slowly through the balance of this year and then into next year.
Brett Linzey: Okay. Great. Thanks for that color. And then just on Aclara, so continued backlog conversion here. Maybe just an update on the level of visibility on backlog into '25, how orders progressed during the quarter and just really the appetite amongst some of your customers to continue to spend here?
Gerben Bakker: Yes. And we've clearly seen us work backlogs down here. That was -- I talked about this earlier, where with too much backlog, past-due backlog with all the chip shortages. So certainly the second half of last year and continue going into this year, we've been working the backlogs down. One of the other things that we mentioned that during this period, the new projects were slower, especially the large projects were slower to come to market or to bid. We are seeing increased pipeline. There's pockets particularly where we're seeing that now, for example, in water. We're also excited to have actually gotten some projects, if you look at some of the great resiliency for the grid funding. There's a few customers there that have gotten that funding that's translated into orders for us that we'll ship next year. So I would say we are seeing increased pipeline. We still got a bit on these projects that -- to fill our '25 pipeline. So I'd say it's perhaps a little early to talk about '25 at this point, but we're active in bidding on these projects.
Brett Linzey: Appreciate the insight.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Joe O'Dea with Wells Fargo. Your line is now open.
Joe O'Dea: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. I wanted to start on the second quarter electrical op profit. And so if we just look at it sequentially, it was up $29 million. Revenue was up $21 million. So any bridge details there in terms of the op profit growth exceeding the revenue growth sequentially with that bridge on what you saw on the price side, I imagine there were some costs and maybe some mix, but any details you can help with would be great?
Bill Sperry: Yes, Joe, as we went from first quarter to second quarter one of the contributors to that incremental drop through sequentially was the absence of the Residential Lighting business. The second was the strong, strong growth in data centers and renewables is occurring in product areas that are very strong margin areas. So you're getting a mix effect there. And then lastly, there have been some productivity improvements and just cost consciousness between first and second quarter that showed up. So that a lot of those us are working together to get those kind of sequential drop throughs.
Joe O'Dea: So this wasn't a matter of some new pricing in the quarter. It was much more kind of mix and productivity?
Gerben Bakker: Yes, yes.
Joe O'Dea: Got it. And then on the grid infrastructure side and core T&D comments and talking about solid end market demand, have you seen anything in terms of utility spend moving from the first half of the year to the second half of the year? We've heard a couple of references to this and whether it's sort of specific at some utility customers or whether it's interest rates, but just overall, kind of if you've seen some of that spend move a little bit.
Bill Sperry: I don't think we've heard that as any kind of market trend, Joe.
Joe O'Dea: Got it. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Christopher Glynn with Oppenheimer. Your line is now open.
Christopher Glynn: Thanks. Good morning guys.
Gerben Bakker: Good morning, Chris.
Christopher Glynn: Just on the distribution, some topics about maybe impacts of subdivision build-outs declining and incremental emphasis on transmission and generation spend. Does that borrow from distribution spend at all? Just curious about those couple of dynamics, as may or may not relate to destock lasting a little longer than maybe you thought three or six months ago?
Gerben Bakker: Yes, it's a hard question perhaps to do the funding that are spending compete with one another. I'm sure to a certain extent, Utilities have budgets and if they, in one year, direct more one way or another could happen. The good thing is our portfolio is well exposed to both sides. I would say if they're diverting from one area to the other, we'll see the benefit in those areas. I'd say narrowly to your question of residential and starts, I would say it's probably a fairly small effect on our sales and our portfolio much more to us drivers are, things like grid hardening, grid modernization, load growth in general, and those are all good vectors that are helping to grow our markets.
Christopher Glynn: Sounds great. And then on the industrial comments for HES said, particularly solid there. I think that sort of general industrial, whether that's through distribution or MRO and not including the real powered -- high powered verticals right now. Do I have that right? That just kind of general industrial MRO?
Gerben Bakker: Yes, you are right.
Christopher Glynn: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Scott Graham with Seaport Research Partners. Your line is now open.
Scott Graham: So good morning. Thank you for taking my question. I have a couple, hopefully, just quick ones. The distribution where you say the end market demand is solid. Is that -- does that mean like the POS is flat up 8%. Can you give us a little more color on what you mean by that? Is that POS?
Bill Sperry: Yes. I think what we mean is that out in the field, there's product being put up on distribution poles that's exceeding our sales to our customers. And that's the -- where we see the "demand." So maybe we're not talking about like orders. We're talking about demand for the material in the market. And that's where we see the inventory positions getting worked down and think we'll be returning to a more normal book-to-bill kind of relationship there.
Gerben Bakker: Yes. And maybe just to add that visibility on that is not completely clear, right? We don't have actual reports of what -- it's more to what I said earlier, when you look at Utility CapEx budgets that are up and continue to be projected to be up, discussions that we're having with our customers on what to do. We recently saw here storm where we know material was used, that would normally happen within a quarter, a little bit of effect. And in this case, they actually told us they were working through -- that through inventory. So that's also a good sign. So it's through these data points with our position in the market and our connection that we have with our customers that we make this observation that the end demand is actually still strong.
Bill Sperry: Thank you. Two other quick ones, if I may. Is it -- will cloud be up in the second half, very big comparisons there, particularly in the fourth quarter. And if it's at all possible, could you split out data center or renewables and tell us what HES organic look like without them?
Gerben Bakker: Yes. I think cloud is going to be flattening out. And I would think of it that way. And ex-verticals, I don't know that we've offered that.
Dan Innamorato: Yes, renewables and data center are up double-digits in the quarter though.
Scott Graham: That's fine. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Nicole DeBlase with Deutsche Bank Securities. Your line is now open.
Nicole DeBlase: Yes, thanks. Good morning guys.
Bill Sperry: Good morning, Nicole.
Nicole DeBlase: Just maybe to circle back on electrical margins, obviously, really strong year-on-year performance this quarter. I think typically, you see a bit of an uptick in margins sequentially into 3Q. Just on the back of that really strong performance in 2Q, do you think that, that normal seasonal relationship will hold? And I guess I'm just trying to get the sustainability of the margins that you saw in the second quarter?
Bill Sperry: Yes. I mean, I think we probably aren't banking on sequential pickup in third quarter and then again, by the time we get to fourth quarter, you start to see the shoulder of the head and shoulders shape. So we're sort of in the -- I think already in the second quarter, we're seeing the sweet part of the margin seasonality.
Nicole DeBlase: Got it. Okay. Thanks. And then just on the full-year guidance, if you could clarify, think you guys trimmed the sales outlook a little bit. No change to the margin guidance. So what drove the uplift at the low end of the range? Is it just better rolling through better one half performance?
Bill Sperry: We did actually change the margin. So we had embedded in our guidance originally, kind of flattish margins and explicitly now we're saying up 10 to 50 basis points. So that's how...
Nicole DeBlase: Okay. And no change to like below line items that we should think about?
Bill Sperry: No.
Nicole DeBlase: Thank you. I'll pass it on.
Operator: Thank you. And I'm currently showing no further questions at this time. I'd like to hand the call back over to Dan Innamorato for closing remarks.
Dan Innamorato: Great. Thanks, Shannon. And thank you, everybody, for joining us. We'll be around all day for questions. Take care.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-04-30 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the First Quarter 2024 Hubbell Inc. Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] After the speaker's presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. I would like now to turn the conference over to your speaker today, Dan Innamorato, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead. 
Daniel Innamorato: Thanks, Michelle. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Earlier this morning, we issued a press release announcing our results for the first quarter of 2024. The press release and slides are posted to the Investors section of our website at hubbell.com. 
 Joined today by our Chairman, President and CEO, Gerben Bakker; our Executive Vice President and CFO, Bill Sperry.  
 Please note our comments this morning may include statements related to the expected future results of our company and are forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Please note the discussion of forward-looking statements in our press release and considered incorporated by reference into this call. Additionally, comments may also include non-GAAP financial measures. Those measures are reconciled to the comparable GAAP measures and are included in the press release and slides.  
 Now let me turn the call over to Gerben. 
Gerben Bakker: Great. Good morning, and thank you for joining us to discuss Hubbell's first quarter 2024 results. Hubbell is off to a solid start to '24 and we are well on track to deliver on our full year outlook, which contemplates double-digit adjusted operating profit growth at the midpoint.  
 Performance in the quarter was highlighted by strong organic growth and margin expansion in Electrical Solutions. Electrification and U.S. manufacturing activity is driving broad-based strength across our markets. most notably in renewables and data centers, which continued to grow double digits in the quarter.  
 Our Connectors and Grounding business, which is strategically positioned in these verticals, as well as in broader industrial markets realized double-digit sales growth in the quarter.  
 We also continued to make progress in our HES segment unification strategy, with 80 basis points adjusted operating margin expansion in the quarter despite increased restructuring investment and footprint optimization.  
 With the completion of our residential lighting divestiture in February, we are confident that our Electrical Solutions portfolio is aligned to structurally higher growth and margins going forward.  
 In our Utility Solutions segment, performance in our core utility T&D markets was solid, driven primarily by strength in our grid automation businesses and transmission markets. As anticipated, utility distribution markets continue to be impacted by channel inventory normalization, the end market demand remains solid.  
 We're also pleased with the positive contributions from our acquisitions in the quarter. Systems control is off to a good start, and the integration is running smoothly while Balestro and EIG delivered strong results in the quarter. Telecom markets were weak in the quarter, driving significant sales and margin declines in our utility and closures business. While we continue to have a positive outlook on the long-term growth prospect of fiber deployment and broadband access, we expect this weakness to persist in the second quarter and are taking additional targeted actions in response.  
 Bill will walk you through the details within the quarter in a few minutes. But overall, we are confident in the setup for utility solutions over the balance of 2024 as our leadership in attractive utility T&D markets positions us well to meet the grid modernization and electrification needs of our customers.  
 From an operational standpoint, we executed well in the quarter against a challenging prior year comparison. We're very pleased with our early traction on price realization which continues to be supported by a strong position and leading service levels. While the operating environment remains inflationary, we achieved positive price/cost productivity in both segments in the quarter.  
 As we highlighted throughout 2023, we accelerated our investment levels as the year progressed in areas such as innovation and engineering, capacity and lean as well as sourcing and procurement. These investments continued in the first quarter, and we are confident they will deliver attractive payback through higher long-term growth and productivity levels.  
 Before I turn it over to Bill, I wanted to share some insights from our Hubbell Utility Connect Customer Conference a few weeks ago. We hosted over 400 utility customers to showcase our solutions across each of our brands, product lines and end markets. This was the first time Hubbell Health customer event of this magnitude across the entire utility solutions franchise. And I'd like to thank Greg Gumbs and his leadership team for creating a unique forum for us to engage with our customers, to educate and collectively problem solve to make our critical infrastructure more reliable and resilient.  
 Key takeaways from several days of discussions with our largest customers who are clear. Utilities are in investment mode. Our customers anticipate a multiyear T&D investment cycle as the combined effects of aging infrastructure, renewables, electrification and load growth will require more hardened infrastructure, as well as unique solutions to emerging challenges.  
 Hubbell's leading quality and service levels together with our proactive investments in capacity and innovation will position us well to grow with our customers as their investment levels accelerate in the coming years.  
 In particular, utility customers are focused on the impact of load growth driven by data center power consumption. While this phenomenon is still early days, the impact to our customers is real and will require incremental investment over a period of many years as large projects progress and require grid interconnections. Higher growth and more specifically higher peak load growth will require more transmission and substation infrastructure, areas where Hubbell has recently doubled down and will be well positioned to serve. It also means novel solutions and grid modernization will be required to solve the emerging problems and Hubbell's unique leadership across utility components, communications and control will enable us to partner with our customers for continued long-term success.  
 With that, let me turn it over to Bill for more details in the quarter. 
William Sperry: Thank you, Gerb. Good morning, everybody. We're well aware that you're all over schedule. There's a lot of releases today. So we appreciate you taking time to discuss Hubbell's performance. 
 My comments are starting on Page 5 of the slides that you hopefully found. And overall, the enterprise performed solidly, a little bit better than we anticipated. Then that had some puts and takes, but very consistent with our full year outlook and our expectations of normal seasonality.  
 Our sales for the quarter were $1.4 billion, a high single-digit growth. Organic was about 2% of that inorganic about $6, so we'll talk about the inorganic story quickly, 3 acquisitions contributing in the quarter. Systems control, which is a substation turnkey solution business; Balestro, which helping our arresters business; and EIG, which is power control components, all 3 in the utility segment, contributing about 8.5 points of growth in the quarter. And we closed on residential lighting disposition in very early February. So we lost 2 months of sales in the first quarter, and that cost us about 2 points.  
 So I think that's the quantitative side of the inorganic, but qualitatively, we feel we meaningfully added to the growth and margin profile of the enterprise. Operating profit at attractive levels of 19.7%, down 1 point, better-than-expected performance on price cost productivity, was more than offset by decremental and our enclosures business, which is where the telecom exposure is, and higher investment levels in growth and productivity, including some restructuring spending, which we'll talk more about when we get to the segment review.  
 Earnings per share was $3.60, flat to last year, and operating profit dollar growth was offset by interest expense and free cash flow on track to deliver our full year outlook of $800 million. We'll dig down on Page 6 a little bit deeper into the performance, and specifically we're showing the year-over-year compares. And as we do that, it's worth a mention of the first quarter of 2023 was -- it's quite a difficult compare really, really strong performance last year where price cost was a particularly strong tailwind. It was pre destock and pre-investments that we made.  
 And -- maybe just to remind everybody, we had OP and earnings per share up 70% and margins up 7 points.  
 So I think that context is important as we look to the year-over-year compares. Sales were up, as we said, 9% to $1.4 billion, 2% of that was organic, which is comprised of 3 points of price, really driving the top line, volume was slightly down, and we're quite pleased with that price performance showing real strength of our franchise.  
 The operating profit is up 3% in dollars to $275 million. And as we talked about the difficult compare year-over-year because you see it's down 1 point, it's worth commenting on the sequential, where we see margins up 30 basis points sequentially.  
 So we think that's quite positive to setting up a normal seasonal year. Earnings per share at $3.60 flat to last year. The OP was offset by interest expense from the 3 companies that we bought. I mentioned those, the combined value of that investment was about $1.25 billion. And it's worth maybe a comment on how the balance sheet absorbed that level of investment.  
 We financed those 3 acquisitions with a combination of debt and cash and also sold a business, as we mentioned. So the balance sheet impact of all that, we went from 1.3x gross debt to EBITDA, we increased a half turn to 1.8x. So after investing $1.25 billion, we're still a very, very solid balance sheet, very easily absorbed and very well positioned to continue to invest in acquisitions and CapEx, which I'll talk about in a second.  
 When you see free cash flow at $52 million, and I did want to highlight that, that's absorbing a 20% increase in capital expenditures to $40 million. And I really think that our confidence in our short and medium-term outlook, you can see that when we're ramping up CapEx at the 20% level. So I think we'll learn a lot as we dig into the segments.  
 We'll start with the Utility segment on Page 7. I see sales up 14% and OP up 2% and the 14% growth in sales is essentially all acquisitions. The organic is neutral where there's 3 points of price and offset by a similar size decline in volume. You'll see with the bold words on the lower left, that we've reclassified the businesses into these 2 units to be consistent with the way Greg has organized his operating team. So grid infrastructure versus grid automation.  
 In grid infrastructure, we have our traditional T&D business. We have the new acquisition that's in substation turnkey solutions and we have some specialty infrastructure businesses namely enclosures and gas components. That's all in the grid infrastructure area.  
 And then in automation, we have Aclara, which is the meters and the communications products, as well as protection and control products. You'll recall the name Beckwith with controls as well as switching and fusing products, which are providing the protection.  
 So we'll show you on the next page all the sizes and what to expect from those. But the infrastructure business was -- and the core utility business performed very, very well. Transmission up double digits, Distribution, still going through their channel, inventory normalization. We're getting near the end of that persisting a little longer than we expected as we think the channel has worked -- largely worked its way through, but we think the end customers are still holding some inventory. So we're getting closer to putting that behind us.  
 And when we get to the Electrical segment next, you'll see that they went through the same last year and have emerged very healthily. So really good PCP performance in that T&D business and said it's very constructively for its financial performance.  
 Grid Automation, likewise, double-digit growth both in the meters and comm area, but also in the control and protection area. So really strong contribution there. The headwind is really coming from the telecom sector, which is inside that specialty Infrastructure Business and are really enclosures that we make for the Telecom segment.  
 They are navigating both channel and customer inventory normalization period, creating a significant headwind with a 40% decline in volumes. The business line is very profitable. And so it's creating an OP drag. So the effect of that is about 4 points on the segment top line -- and as you can see about 1.5 points on the OP line.  
 So the OP for the segment is up 2%. Again, to remind you of the compare last year the utility OP was up 87%. So growing off of that is very impressive. A decline of 2.5 points of margin being led by the decrementals in telecom.  
 And to be clear, our medium-term outlook for telecom business is quite positive. And we've also made -- continue to make investments in the long-term growth and productivity of the segment. Those created about 1 point of drag and the acquisitions that we mentioned, which are all doing really well and are all performing very profitably, but against that mid-20s level actually created a 0.5 point of drag essentially in the first quarter of systems control being part Hubbell.  So still, I think, very good performance there. And the price/cost productivity equation was positive. 
 Again, we're showing you the year-over-year compares. I do want to highlight sequentially from the fourth quarter of last year, the margins are up 40 bps. So we're feeling again like we're setting up for a successful normal seasonality year-on-year.  
 I wanted to add a Page -- on Page 8, just to make sure we're being clear about our nomenclature and where we have the different business units. So on the left, you can see the grid infrastructure comprising 75% of the segment and the balance is grid automation. You can see from about noon to about 6:00 there on the pie. That's the traditional T&D businesses between substation, transmission and distribution, then from about 6:00 -- or 7:00 to 9:00, you see the telecom and gas, which represents the specialty. And then from 9:00 to noon, you see the Aclara utility meters and then the protection products. So hopefully, that gives some clarity to the relative sizes of those different businesses.  
 And we just added a little bit because they're not all performing exactly the same. So we wanted to lay out first quarter trends against what we're expecting for the balance of the year.  
 And Distribution, we're expecting that sequential improvement, Transmission substation very strong. Telecom was weak, as we said, and we're anticipating some softness -- but again, where the rebound will come in the medium term. And so balancing our cost cutting there against being able to serve when demand comes back, it's representing interesting challenge.  
 Meters has been successful on its backlog conversion. We expect that to continue. We're noting the comps get a little more difficult for them, and the protection and controls product is very strong. So in sum, in utility, very pleased with the pricing of these segments. We've got strong visibility in the majority of our markets -- and we're expecting the normal seasonality and a nice healthy set up, really, we think, a uniquely positioned business. So I want to switch to -- on Page 9 to the Electrical segment, a little bit more straightforward to explain to everybody. You see flat sales at about $500 million you take out the effect of the divestiture of residential lighting. We were up 6 points organically, 2 points of price, which we're pleased about, 4 our points of volume, which we're also pleased about as they emerge from their destocking and helps give us confidence that, that will be quick on the utility side as well. 
 There's strength in industrial markets, but also specifically in what we describe as our growth verticals of renewables, as well as data centers, which are up to over 20% each. So great to see Electrical Solutions performing so well on the top line. That's translating nicely at the OP level, you see a 6% increase to $80 million and 80 basis point expansion of margin on both the volume and price cost performance. We would call out that Mark and his team, as we've discussed with you all are continuing to execute on the playbook that he so successfully implemented at Power Systems to create a more compete collectively mindset in the segment, really emphasizing cross-selling, optimizing the footprint, simplifying the structure. 
 So there's some R&R spending to be done and we would have added another 5 points of OP growth, i.e., being double digits and another 80 bps of margin expansion if we were to adjust out that restructuring as many of our peers do. Great to see electrical having such a solid quarter. And with that, I'll turn it back to Gerben on our outlook for the balance of the year. 
Gerben Bakker: Great. Thanks, Bill. So to sum it up, our performance in the first quarter with Hubbell well on track to achieve our full year 2024 outlook for double-digit adjusted operating profit growth, which we are reaffirming today. Relative to our prior outlook, our electrical markets are off to a stronger start, and we have better visibility to positive price traction across both of our segments, which we believe will enable us to absorb the near-term impact of weaker telecom markets.  
 Additionally, we are increasing our expectations for full year restructuring investments from $0.25 to $0.35 as we proactively manage our cost structure in certain areas of the business while continuing to invest in the long-term growth and productivity initiatives.  
 Looking further ahead, the acceleration of grid modernization and electrification megatrends together with our unique leading positions in front of and behind the meter will enable Hubbell to continue to deliver differentiated performance for our shareholders over the long term.  
 We look forward to sharing more details on our long-term strategy and outlook with you at our upcoming Investor Day on June 4.  
 With that, let me now turn it back to Michelle to begin our Q&A session. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] As a reminder on your telephone and wait for your name to . Our first question comes from Jeffrey Sprague with Vertical Research Partners. 
Jeffrey Sprague: A few questions from me. First, just on -- and I'm sorry if I missed it, just hopping between calls. Did distribution actually grow for Hubbell in the quarter? And if so, can you size it?  And then whether the answer is yes or no, can you kind of triangulate that to what your view of end demand or sell-through might have been in the quarter in the channel? 
William Sperry: Yes. So I think the second half of your question is, we'll get to first. I mean I think where we have the most visibility through our customer base and Gerben referred to being with 400 of them as recently as a week or 2 ago.  
 It's -- we believe the distribution markets are growing, but it's also clear to us that their -- the end customer, the actual utilities have a decent amount of inventory that in addition to what the channel had.  
 And so I think that's causing the order patterns, Jeff, and the book and bill piece to be just extended period of a little bit softer and so while we got good price, net-net, did not grow in the quarter. But we think it's going to bounce back strongly, and we feel very confident in that. 
Gerben Bakker: And maybe I'll add some context is what we see even through the first quarter and maybe coming even into April is, the good news is we are seeing a sequential as you look from February to March into April, increase in order rate. And I think that's a reflection of that channel inventory, the distribution channel inventory normalizing.  
 And our visibility into that is clearly better. I would say that if you look at it to the traditional uptick as we go into construction season, it's a little bit delayed and a little bit slower that ramp-up for the comments that Bill made that feedback from the end user is that they're still working through it.  
 And that's also happening at different magnitude. Some are going at it more aggressively, some are going at it, looking for that inventory to just be utilized in their growth. But the encouraging news is we are seeing it come up. This is exactly what happened in the Electrical segment. And it's a little bit nervous while you're going through it, but we clearly went through that there. We saw the rebound in the first quarter. And we think that will happen in the Utility as well, particularly in that distribution, more book-to-bill form of the business. 
Jeffrey Sprague: And then Bill noted, I think that some additional price has allowed you to kind of offset telecom in the guide, but cost is also going up, right? Copper is up, some other stuff is moving. 
 So are you now -- you've got a better price, but are you actually in a better price cost position than you were thinking 3 months ago or... 
William Sperry: Yes. So we've got productivity levers too. And you're right to point out that we're looking at price kind of against material cost and then productivity against nonmaterial inflation. And you're right, that inflation persists. So I think important, Jeff, for us to keep our eye on the productivity ball, as well as make sure we're being as surgical on price as we can be. 
Jeffrey Sprague: Your price/cost equation really hasn't changed that much then. 
William Sperry: No. I mean, it was stronger in the quarter than we had originally anticipated. But also, I think, as the year unfolds, when we told you that we had started our outlook with about a point of price, we obviously had 3 points in the quarter.  
 So we're sort of off to a good start there. But I think very specifically in Telcom, we may need to use price surgically to build back some volume there. So it's a dynamic equation, I would say. 
Jeffrey Sprague: Great. And then just one more for me, if I could.  What was the sequential impact on Utility Solutions margins from the Telcom weakness? It was encouraging to see the margins move up sequentially. And I think you have certainly mix headwinds between grid infrastructure, grid automation, relative growth rates. But Telecom specifically sequentially, was that a meaningful headwind in the quarter? 
Daniel Innamorato: Yes, Jeff, it's still a headwind, less than the $150 million year-over-year, I'd say, though. 
Operator: One moment for the next question. Our next question comes from Steve Tusa with JPMorgan. 
C. Stephen Tusa: Can you guys just give us a little bit of color on the second quarter on EPS, just relative to normal seasonality, any kind of sequential color there? And then how you expect the utility margins to trend throughout the year? 
William Sperry: Yes. So it's a little bit of a -- first of all, nice sweep by the way, but it's a little bit of a tough question just because we don't give quarterly guidance. 
 But I think the way we're looking at it, the first half of the year to be normally seasonal, should be in that 47-ish percent range of contribution and we feel good that we'll be delivering at that level to get to our range on the full year guide. So -- and as you -- I think maybe that's a macro way. I'm not sure if that's getting exactly what you want, but... 
C. Stephen Tusa: No, that's perfect. That's absolutely perfect. And then just the Utility margin over the course of the year? 
William Sperry: Yes. I think that as we get normal seasonality for us is to pick up volume and margin in second and third quarters, Q4 kind of steps back. 
 So to be thinking about quarter compares can get tricky. But if you extend your question to the full year, we're expecting margins to be reasonably flattish over the course of the whole year, on a year-over-year basis. 
Gerben Bakker: But the second quarter will be up from the sequential expect margins in the second quarter over the first. Stay elevated and that stays in the third quarter and then declines... 
Operator: One moment for our next question. Next question comes from Nigel Coe with Wolfe Research. 
Nigel Coe: So just going back to the Utility inventory levels. So where are we in terms of the channel inventory? So I think 6 weeks is historically where they've been in the past, just wondering if we're getting down to those levels. 
 And then any intel on the amount of inventory still held -- the shadow inventory held by the customers. And I guess my kind of broader question is, when do you expect to sell in and sell out to equalize? 
Gerben Bakker: Yes. Maybe I'll start, Bill, fill in. I would say in the distribution channel, and that's where we have better visibility, right? Because we sell and then we see their sell-out in fairly good amount of them that are stronger partners there. 
 I would say typically, and that varies, of course, by product line. But if you think about 90-ish days of inventory, they're pretty much back there. I mean they're pretty much done with inventory stock out of our materials, particularly the distribution materials where it's more stock and flow. 
 It gets harder when you look at the end customers. And we do have very close relations with some of them where we get direct feedback with events like we were at a couple of weeks ago, where you have a lot of them, we triangulate and it's elevated, but it's by varying degrees of elevation. It's really, really hard to say there, Nigel, of exactly what the level is. 
 What is even more interesting is that when you talk with them, some say they clearly have and are working that down, whereas others are saying, it's not our focus right now. We're looking to serve the needs out there, and perhaps it's a thought for down the road. 
 So this is where that gets really hard. So for us, what we look at is that ramp up what we would normally see seasonally happening and to what extent. 
 And as I stated in my earlier comment, that's coming a little later than we would typically see it. And the magnitude of the ramp-up is a little slower. But the good news, it is coming up, and that's what you expect when you're when your distributor has done destocking, you would expect it to come up and it has come up. 
 So it's really -- as we even stated in the first quarter, the last time we said we thought we would be mostly through within the first quarter. I think that's probably still the case. But to exactly pinpoint what will be done, it's just very hard. 
Nigel Coe: Okay. So thinking about the sequencing of the full year for the Utility Solutions segment, 4% to 5%  for the full year. So the second quarter still below that bar, I'm assuming? And then the second half above on  [Indiscernible]? 
William Sperry: Yes. And again, I think as we've tried to put in that little box, we think there's T&D compares get a little bit easier, and some of the automation compares get a little harder. But the larger part of the business is the infrastructure piece, and that's where we think you'll see the back-end growth. 
Nigel Coe: Okay. I had a quick one on utility margins. Obviously, recognizing that the bulk of the year-over-year was driven by the Telcom headwinds. So the balance, the roughly 100 basis points outside of that headwind, would that be mainly volume deleverage? Or was there an M&A impact from the Systems Control? 
William Sperry: Yes. The M&A impact from Systems Control was very modest, given that it right, it was 14% of sales and the margins were in the mid-20s that it was kind of comping against. So it did very nicely in its margin, but it had a slightly -- it had a slight drag from there. 
 But I think if you think about operationally the investments that we made, ultimately created a point of drag as we went through. So that is something we're very intentionally not harvesting quarterly margin. 
 We believe that we're going to add capacity to this business for this kind of very immediate and multiyear growth that's in front of us. So -- that's -- but I think we were encouraged by the sequential pickup as well. 
Operator: One moment for the next question. The next question comes from Tommy Moll with Stephens. 
Thomas Moll: I wanted to start on the topic of the supply environment for your utility business. You've invested in response to significant demand in expanding your supply base, but others in the market have as well. 
 So I'm just curious, at a high level, how would you characterize that supply-demand environment today? Has it shifted at all? 
Gerben Bakker: Yes. I think where we're adding capacity is in the areas where we see visible longer-term growth, right? 
 So if you think about Transmission and Substation, action area of the business that the orders are very strong. Our backlog has continued to grow. Discussions with our customers, it's clear that they need these materials. And so we've invested in those areas. 
 I think if you look across the industry, you see perhaps different peers investing in different areas. Of course, I would also expect those that compete in the same areas to invest in that. 
 Our level though, of increase, I think, is supportive of the supply and demand characteristics rather than that we're somehow overinvesting in there. 
William Sperry: A couple of metrics that support, I think, Gerben, is I think our service levels are reaching very good levels. And our lead times are in most areas coming back to normal. And those 2 facts or outcome, I would say, are pretty demonstrative of an improving supply chain environment. 
Gerben Bakker: Yes. And maybe I'll go on that again, Bill, because what our customers want most from us is that we service them well with quality products. And again, in the discussion that we have with them, that's what they're really concerned about. 
 So the fact that we've been able to take our lead times down and we have, the fact that we've been able to increase our service levels is all -- and that we're investing in the business and capacity with [indiscernible] that's what our customer wants to do. 
 Now one of the outcomes is that -- that when you do that your supply chain normalize, you can actually destack, they can take comfort in the fact that we're going to deliver for them. So it's a very natural  outcome and it's actually a good thing for the business long term to do this. 
Thomas Moll: I wanted to follow up on the comment you made regarding pricing for Telco. Just clarify a bit what you meant? I think, Bill, that was a comment you made in the context of a broader pricing discussion. 
William Sperry: Yes. I mean I think we're really pleased generally with the pricing construct. We had about 1 point of wraparound price from our last year actions. So for us to garner 3 points in the first quarter implies success at getting some new price.
 And I would say, generally, Tommy, while Electrical did very well in that regard, Utility did even better. And so across the enterprise, we think that pricing is in very good shape. And I think we're going to be quite surgical about it. 
 And there may need to be instances in the Enclosures area where we need to use price a little bit. But overall, net-net, as an enterprise we feel quite good about overall pricing. 
 And I think that's a function of kind of the quality of the product, the quality of the relationships that we have, the positions that we have, but maybe most importantly, the relative service levels that we have and being able to supply our customers with the critical infrastructure solutions that they need. So that's been a very good story, net-net, Tommy, for us. 
Operator: One moment for the next question. The next question comes from Julian Mitchell with Barclays. 
Julian Mitchell: Just apologies I wanted to circle back to Telcom. Just that I see the color on sort of Slide 8. And clearly that exposure was down 40% in the first quarter. But just to try and understand, full year as a whole, kind of what are you dialing in for that Telcom business in terms of year-on-year trends in Telcom? 
Gerben Bakker: We're anticipating, Julian, double digits down for the full year. We see the second quarter kind of continuing from the first quarter, the comps in the second quarter get easier because this started as we went through the second half and accelerated as we went towards the end of the year. 
 But yes, our view right now is for it to be down [Indiscernible] and we contemplated some of this in our -- as we presented the guidance to you for that. There are some thoughts in the industry that we could see a second half rebound. Yes, we were a little perhaps more conservative in that view, and I think that's proven out to be right. 
Julian Mitchell: That's helpful. And then just my second question would be around Utility margins and the trajectory there. 
 I understand the pricing sounds pretty good there, and you've now got the Systems Control effect in that Q1 margin already. So as we're thinking sort of the balance of the year in Utility margins, do we think about a sort of steady sequential increase through the year and then you end up at that sort of flattish margin for the year as a whole? 
Gerben Bakker: It's the right way to think about it, indeed. The only, I would say, clarification to that, typically, in the fourth quarter, we'll see it come down again. 
 So you'll see it go up second and third down a little bit, but the construct over year-over-year for -- particularly for the Utility T&D component is right. 
Operator: One moment for the next question. The next question comes from Brett Linzey with Mizuho. 
Brett Linzey: Yes, I just wanted to come back to the investments. Can you just remind us in size what you're thinking about in terms of investments for the year? 
 And then what was spent in Q1? I'm just trying to think about the phasing first half, second half on some of the spending initiatives. 
William Sperry: Yes. So let's characterize the investments maybe first, right? So some of it is in capacity expansion inside of the Utility segment. And that as Gerben sort of highlighted, comp focused in the transmission and substation area. 
 On the Electrical side, a little more around helping Mark get to his vision of getting that segment to compete collectively. So there's some restructuring element in there. 
 And as Gerben said, we're kind of adding $0.10 to the annual outlook, specifically for restructuring from  $0.25 to $0.35  And -- so I think that you should see that reasonably ratably through the year that especially because some of the investment is depreciation from CapEx that was spent last year, right? So you see that come through ratably. And the restructuring is based on when we can -- when we can execute. 
Gerben Bakker: And maybe the only thing to add there that if you look sort of out year expense, I think as you stated, what you'll see over year-over-year is that, that will start flattening as the year progresses because we accelerated investment, particularly in the second half of last year. So from that perspective, the comps just get easier on that investment? 
Brett Linzey: Okay, great. And then just a quick follow-up, Bill. In your prepared remarks, you noted something about a sequential 30 basis point pickup. Was that 1Q to 2Q? Just the context in what you meant there? 
William Sperry: No, no, 4Q to 1Q is what I meant. So just when you saw a 1 point year-over-year decline, it also is a 30 basis point improvement from the fourth quarter. And so we actually think that's a good sign. 
Operator: One moment for the next question. The next question comes from Nicole DeBlase with Deutsche Bank. 
Nicole DeBlase: Just on the Electrical segment outlook, just double checking that organic, you guys are still thinking up 3% to 4% for the full year? And I guess, in light of the outperformance in the first quarter, could this maybe be an area of upside? 
William Sperry: Yes. I think you've got the outlook right, and I think you also have that we were encouraged by the first quarter. So I think both of your statements, I agree with yes. 
Nicole DeBlase: Okay. Perfect. And then secondly, on the Meters and AMI business, you guys kind of put that additional color in the slides. Is your expectation that it actually declined year-on-year in the second half on the back of those tough comps or still up, but just not as much as the first half? 
William Sperry: Yes. We were just, Nicole, trying to indicate a flattening there. So you saw pretty impressive growth in the first quarter. And as those comps get harder and we kind of managed through the backlog, we were expecting that to be a lot flatter. 
Operator: One moment for the next question. The next question comes from Christopher Glynn with Oppenheimer. 
Christopher Glynn: Nicole, just beat me to the punch on the Electrical question there, but going in a touch further, you talked about electrification driving broad-based strength across industrial markets. Can you talk a little bit about the kind of [indiscernible]  in an industrial market. What type of electrification capitalization are you associating with that? 
William Sperry: Yes. Look, there's, I think, a lot of kind of background trends, Chris, going on. I think there's some legitimate onshoring. I think there's some legitimate like electrification driving really big semiconductor plants. So there's big kind of construction and project work that's being driven there. 
 And for us, we called out specifically renewables as well as data centers, which are I think, both outgrowth of what would fit under the Electrification theme. 
 And so broadly speaking, we think the industrial outlook is good. Onshoring, I would maybe call out as one of the more important trends and Electrification really driving some of those verticals that our focus areas for us to serve those verticals. So that's a good -- I think that's quite a good setup for us in the Electrical segment. 
Christopher Glynn: Okay. Just a little stale on the size of the renewables and the data center businesses, if you could help there. 
Daniel Innamorato: Yes. It's in the range of 5% to 10% in each of the segment, Chris. Less than 10% each . 
Operator: One moment for the next question. The next question comes from Joe O'Dea with Wells Fargo. 
Joseph O'Dea: Just wanted to ask on Telcom and it sounds like challenged environment currently, but also constructive medium-term outlook. And so can you just parse a little bit the key developments that you need to see to transition from kind of current challenges into something that's -- that's more constructive. 
William Sperry: And I was just going to say that the -- we saw the orders start to dip last year and  it was coupled with a very large backlog. So we started liquidating that backlog, but watching the low orders suggest that once the backlog kind of got down to book and bill levels that basically, what we need, Joe, is the order pattern to pick back up. 
 So this Enclosures segment serves Telcom companies and cable companies. And when we talk to them, when we talk to our distributors who's talked to them, when we talk to other suppliers who supply those kind of companies, there just continues to be a bullishness around the need for build-out and infrastructure build-out by those companies and it's -- we need -- basically, we just need the orders to pick back up, which we think is purely a function of when the inventory levels are hit their normal levels. 
 I think ultimately, as well, there's going to be some stimulus money that starts to hit that segment and independent of probably will happen at exactly the same time that the stimulus will come and the inventories will be down all of a sudden, the orders will bounce. 
 But that's basically what the business needs is the customers to start placing orders in recognition that the end customer is installing and the inventories are at a normalized level. 
Joseph O'Dea: And so it sounds like it's more of an inventory normalization headwind than it is in end market activity headwind. Is that fair? 
William Sperry: We 100% believe that that's true, yes. 
Joseph O'Dea: Okay. And then just a question related to utility distribution side of things and the degree to which you see any instances of long lead times in certain product categories, not necessarily what you ship that are inhibiting some end market activity. 
 And so the idea being that over time is those correct, could there actually be a bit of an uptick or sort of surge of demand as other channels sort of correct on lead times? 
William Sperry: I think you point out a good point that our distribution products, by and large, the lead times are quite normalized, very quick to be able to satisfy demand. 
 Ultimately, products like transformers are still gapped out in terms of lead time. And -- so I think that makes project planning a little more difficult. And some of our products may suffer a little bit from that. 
 But generally, we're giving now good visibility, hitting on time promise dates. And I think our part is much more predictable than it had been 1.5 years or so ago. So -- but I agree with you, there still are other long lead time products. And on the Transmission side, it's -- we have some long lead time items, too. So -- but Distribution, I think you're right. It's -- our stuff is ready to go. 
Operator: The next question comes from Scott Graham with Seaport Research Partners. 
Scott Graham: I have one and one follow-up. On HUS, would it be fair to say second quarter sales volumes flat? Or can they be up? And then obviously, second half is up? Then I have that follow-up. 
Daniel Innamorato: Yes. So Scott, we're not giving quarterly guidance. I think the Slide 8 should give you good considerations of how we're viewing it sequentially and how the comparisons play out in 2Q in the second half? . 
Scott Graham: No problem. You made a comment in the HES slide on project activity. Could you elaborate on that a bit? 
William Sperry: I just think there are some big projects out there and things like chip plants and reshoring of large-scale industrial projects that -- our multiyear projects, our products tend to go in mid- and late cycle on that construction. 
 And so to us, that's a great leading indicator as we see those projects get started. And we're quite confident we'll get our fair share of that net and late-cycle install components. 
Operator: I show no further questions at this time in the queue. I would like to turn the call back over to Dan for closing remarks. 
Gerben Bakker: Great. I'll take it from Dan. I appreciate everybody's time, as Bill said, on a busy morning. We really look forward to spending time with you in June at our Investor Day, we'll talk a lot more there about where our business is going in the next 3 years. 
 And certainly, we're excited about this -- what we've been stating of building a profitable growth on this base that we've built and those are kind of the expectations you could have as we go into June. So thanks much, and we'll see you soon. 
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q4  (2024-01-30 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to Hubbell's Fourth Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Dan Innamorato, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Dan Innamorato: Thanks, Phoebe. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Earlier this morning, we issued a press release announcing our results for the fourth quarter of 2023. The press release and slides are posted to the Investors section of our website at hubbell.com. I'm joined today by our Chairman, President, and CEO, Gerben Bakker, and our Executive Vice President and CFO, Bill Sperry. Please note our comments this morning may include statements related to the expected future results of our company and are forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Therefore, please note the discussion of forward-looking statements in our press release, considered incorporated by reference to this call. Additionally, comments may also include non-GAAP financial measures. Those measures are reconciled to the comparable GAAP measures and are included in the press release and slides. Now let me turn the call over to Gerben.
Gerben Bakker: Great. Good morning, and thank you for joining us to discuss Hubbell's fourth quarter and full year 2023 results. Hubbell delivered a strong finish to an exceptional year. For the full-year 2023, we achieved 9% sales growth, over 500 basis points of operating margin expansion, and over 40% growth in operating profit and earnings per share. These results were driven not only by our strong positions in attractive markets but also by the consistent execution of our people and maintaining industry-leading service levels for our customers while driving price and productivity across our businesses. Our strong financial performance also enabled us to invest back into our business and capacity, innovation, and productivity initiatives. We invested $165 million in capital expenditures in 2023, almost double our investment levels from 2021. We are confident that these investments will drive future growth and productivity for our shareholders, and as we will describe in more detail later, we intend to grow profitably off of a strong multi-year base of performance. Turning to the fourth quarter, we delivered strong growth and margin expansion in both segments. Notably, we also returned to year-over-year volume growth in Electrical Solutions. As we noted on our previous call in October, we were confident that the channel inventory management that we had seen earlier in the year had largely normalized. As a result, we saw a stronger seasonal performance in the fourth quarter as well as continued strength across data centers and renewables verticals. We also continued a trajectory of strong margin expansion in the Electrical segment and in the year with adjusted operating margins of 16.6%. We continue to see structural margin expansion opportunities as we make progress in our strategy of competing collectively as an operating segment and we plan to accelerate our restructuring investment in 2024 to drive long-term productivity. In Utility Solutions, fourth quarter trends were largely consistent with the third quarter. Transmission markets were strong and we continued to convert on past due backlog in communications and control as supply chain conditions have improved. Utility distribution markets continue to be impacted by channel inventory normalization as anticipated, though we continue to see visible demand strength in 2024 and beyond. Telecom markets were weak in the quarter and while our long-term outlook here remains positive, we are taking a cautious initial view on 2024 until we have more visibility on timing of investments. We also executed on two important portfolio actions in the quarter as we closed on the previously announced acquisition of Systems Control and announced a definitive agreement to sell our Residential Lighting business, which we expect to close in early February. These transactions reflect our ongoing strategy to create a focused portfolio strategically aligned around grid modernization and electrification. These transactions improved the long-term growth and margin profile of our portfolio and we anticipate that they will be net accretive to 2024 adjusted earnings per share. We will provide more details on our '24 outlook at the end of this call, but we remain confident that Hubbell is uniquely positioned in attractive markets and that we can build off the success of this last several years to drive profitable growth off this higher base of performance. With that let me turn it over to Bill to walk you through the details of the quarter.
Bill Sperry: Thanks very much, Gerben. Good morning, everybody. Thank you for joining us. I'm pleased to have the chance to discuss with you our financial performance in the fourth quarter, which was very strong, capping a strong year, and frankly a strong two years. I'm going to start my comments on Page 4 of the slides that I hope you found. So the trends have been in place really for the last year and longer, strong sales growth and operating profit growth, including margin expansion being driven by strong markets, as well as strong pricing and strong cash flow is resulting and those fundamental trends are obviously continuing here in the fourth quarter. So, we reported $1.35 billion of sales, 10% growth, 2% of that comes from acquisitions, 8% is organic. This Utility segment little bit stronger than Electrical, but as Gerben noted, quite important for electrical volumes to return to growth as a sign that the inventory in the channel is normalized on that side of the house. Interesting truly sequentially, the fourth quarter seasonally stronger than is typical, so we think that's a good sign. The operating profit margin side, 19.4%, 3 points of expansion, really being driven by price cost and productivity, and creating some source of funding for investments that Gerben had described. Earnings per share of $3.69, 40% increase to prior year, and $284 million in free cash flow helping to fund our CapEx and acquisition investments. So let's double-click on that, on Page 5 and go one layer deeper. So the 10% sales, we said was 8% organic that was comprised of mid-single-digits of price. We think that's good evidence of our quality of service and our brand positioning and low-single-digits of volume, and welcome as I said, the return to Electrical volume growth. The 2% coming from acquisitions were all on the Utility side and we'll talk about those more when we get to the Utility page. On the upper-right, operating profit up 34% to $262 million. The margin expansion of 3 points, really being driven by price as well as materials, which continued to provide a tailwind as they had for each quarter in 2023. So the inflation that we're experiencing is more on the wage and transportation side, that's where we're focusing a lot of productivity efforts, as well as we're absorbing there some operational productivity investments going on. On the lower left, you see earnings per share, up 42%, a slightly higher growth rate than the operating profit, so below the line we benefited from some tax-rate favorability and on the free cash flow side, you see, $284 million, nearly 60% increase and for the full-year, we generated over $700 million of cash flow, and that supported a CapEx of around $165 million, which really help drive some footprint restructuring, productivity, and capacity investing. So let's unpack the enterprise into the two segments and we'll start with Utilities on Page 6, and you'll see another excellent quarter from our utility team, double-digit sales growth and 40% operating profit growth. 13% sales growth is comprised of 9% organic and 4% from acquisitions. The acquisitions to remind everybody included EIG, which was our second quarter of ownership there, Balestro and Systems Control. Systems Control was closed in the middle of December so didn't contribute much yet. And we are reporting both Balestro and Systems Control in our T&D components and EIG is in the comms and control side. We'll talk more about acquisitions in a minute in the last few years plus this year. As we think about the 9% organic growth, you'll see, that it was skewed towards the communications and controls side. If I start with transmission and distribution components, you'll see, organic was at 1% where volume was a drag on price, and if we look inside the components substation and transmission continue to be very strong distribution components. We continue to work-through our second quarter of channel inventory management. I think as we had mentioned before, our Electrical side had experienced that quicker and sooner earlier than Utility side. So we've emerged on the Electrical side still in on the distribution side. And then, Telecom has been weak, a function of some overstocked inventories as well as potential demand impacts from a combination of high interest rates and some customers who are waiting for stimulus dollars to kick off their projects. You see on the communications and controls, surging growth there. We've got both the Aclara and Beckwith businesses there on the Aclara side. Those chips supply chain opening up has really allowed them to satisfy some existing backlog and so we see some great growth there. Also to remind, we have an easy compare there as last year we had a commercial settlement that was a conscious sales item. And Beckwith as well, which makes protective relays and controls, up double-digits in sales. So very strong top-line performance by the segment and even better on the OP side, a growth of 40% to $174 million, over 21% margins, and the price cost story is the same, volume growth contributing and we continue to make investments. So, from a full-year - this is obviously our fourth quarter performance, just at the bottom of the page a full-year comment on profit growth of about 60%, so congratulations to Greg and his team on just a really outstanding year. On Page 7, we've got the Electrical segments, and you see, mid-single-digits sales growth with 2 points of margin expansion, strong performance from the Electrical team, and of that 6% sales growth, it's comprised of about half of that is price and half volume. That volume, as we said, we thought in October that the channel inventories would be normalized and rebalanced and that did occur in the fourth quarter, which is good news. The volume came from some important verticals. Data centers was a big one. Recall, last year we bought PCX, which is performing really strongly, serving that segment. Burndy as well as serving that segment. Burndy is also benefiting from the renewable vertical and a little bit of U.S. reshoring of the industrial side. So some favorable trends there allowing for that volume growth. And on the profit side, you see, 20% growth, 2 points of margin expansion as operating profit reached $88 million. Again, the price cost really helping as well as the return to volume growth. And the full-year comment I'll make on Electrical like I did on the Utility side, we saw 20% growth in operating profit in this segment with 2.5 points of margin expansion. So, I think very successful year for the Electrical, and looking forward to Mark Mikes and his team continuing to push the segment to compete collectively, where we think there's more growth and more margin available to us there. I mentioned that I wanted to talk about the portfolio management, and on Page 8 we've laid out the last few years of activity just to remind ourselves of our intentions here. And I'll start with the divestitures, where we have three companies divested and a fourth under definitive agreement that we're open to close in early February. And you see, those businesses netted us $500 million of proceeds and our intention here is to make sure we're investing in higher growth, higher margin businesses, and you'll see that that $500 million we rolled into $1.7 billion of acquisitions, numbering about 10 over the last few years. And you can see in the large blue bubble of T&D components, where we added Cantega, Ripley, Armorcast, Balestro. And in the yellow bubble there of connection and bonding adding connector products. So, those very intentionally adding businesses to high margin, high growth areas, as well as in specific growth verticals like substation systems, like grid automation, data centers, PCX that I mentioned, and wireless communications of Acceltex. We think we are enhancing the growth and margin profile of the company. I didn't want to pause because of Systems Control's recent closing as well as its size and the impact on capital structure. So that was a $1.1 billion purchase price that we funded with some cash as well as some CPE and a Term Loan A, provided by our supportive bank group. The result of that is a flexible and prepayable capital structure, which we think gives us some optionality and results in a very manageable debt levels of 1.8 times debt-to-EBITDA on a net-debt basis around 1.5. So, we feel like that we're improving the portfolio and I'll talk about the specific impacts of the acquisitions on our guidance in another couple of pages. So, if we switched to outlook, let's start on Page 10 with the markets, and then we'll talk about how those markets roll through our earnings expectations. So, we've got the Utility segment on the left, Electrical segment on the right. You can see the different pieces of the pie here, starting with Electrical distribution, they've been - in the really two quarters now of managing their inventory is relative to the backlog and we think that's normalizing quickly and expecting a healthy mid-single-digit growth rate there. Transmission, substation, and distribution automation, which is up around noon on the pie. We think those are both high-single-digits. Meters and gas in the mid-single-digits, and Gerben talked about Telecom having a very cautious outlook, waiting for orders to restart there. I will just comment, that's a short-term outlook. We do have very attractive medium and long-term outlook for Telecom. So, the result on the Utility side is a mid-single-digit growth rate. On the Electrical, you see, it nets out at 3% to 4%, so low-to-mid. I think the Industrial outlook, you see, both light and heavy is low-to-mid single-digits. We have mid-single-digit growth rates in our verticals and I think non-res, we maybe have a bit of caution at flat to low-single digits. So a constructive market outlook for 2024 and let's go to Page 11 and see how that rolls through our earnings outlook. So, you see, the organic of 3% to 5% in our sales growth combined with 5% net from M&A, one going out, one coming in, to create 8% to 10% sales growth, That generates a 10% growth in operating profit, results in 6% earnings and free cash flow at about 90% of net income, affording a continued increase in CapEx. And let's just walk through the bridge to give you a feel for it. So, we're under contract to sell Residential Lighting. That will lose $20 million of OP. Systems Control, EIG, and Balestro be adding about $90 million, so you can see, almost $1 coming from those before we pay the interest expense, which we have over on the right. We had for organic 3% to 5%, so we've comprised that of 2% to 4% volume, and one point of price, which is in the next column, that's providing a nice lift and we have continued investment, particularly on the Electrical segment side as we compete collectively there and continue to consolidate the footprint under our restructuring programs. You see, on the far right below, OP, an increase in interest expense as a result of the borrowings that we outlined to close on Systems Control, and the result is about 6% of earnings growth to the midpoint of 16, 25. You see some modeling considerations listed there, and I might just add another one on the seasonality for those of you who are modeling. We're anticipating 2024 being quite normal seasonality for the first and fourth quarters, be it a little bit below the second and third quarters, which are seasonally stronger, and that just compares to last year where the first quarter was very strong and contributing to the full-year. So, we think a very constructive year in front of us. We feel well-positioned. We're happy to have the return in volumes and we're happy to have made some portfolio net addition to continue to push profitable growth at Hubbell. And with that, I would like to turn it back to Gerben.
Gerben Bakker: Great. Thank you, Bill. And before we turn it over to Q&A, I think it's helpful on the last page to look at our 2023 performance and '24 outlook in a longer-term context. The results we delivered for shareholders not only in 2023 but over the last few years have been very strong. Most notably, we have doubled our adjusted operating profit and adjusted earnings per share over a three-year period while growing sales at double-digit CAGR and expanding adjusted operating margins from the mid-teens to over 20%. We have also doubled our capital expenditures over the last three years to further differentiate our service levels to customers and support attractive long-term growth expectations. As grid modernization and electrification drive the need for more reliable, resilient, and renewable energy infrastructure, Hubbell is uniquely positioned with the right people, solutions, and strategy to meet the evolving needs of our customers and deliver continued value to our shareholders. I'm extremely proud of our over 18,000 employees whose hard work and dedication have enabled us to achieve a new baseline performance. And I am confident that we will build off of this success with continued attractive profitable growth in '24 and beyond. We look forward to hosting an Investor Day later this year on June 4, where we will provide more details on our long-term strategy with updated financial targets. With that, let's turn the call over to Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Steven Tusa of JPMorgan.
Steve Tusa: Hi, guys, good morning.
Gerben Bakker: Good morning, Steve.
Steve Tusa: Could we just get a little more color on the bridge, maybe what you're expecting on price cost and then any segment margin color for the year and how you expect that to trend seasonally?
Gerben Bakker: Yes, so price cost we've got as flat, Steve. We have effectively one point of rollover on price embedded in there, which we're using effectively to offset commodity inflation and then we've got productivity program that we think can help offset non-material inflation in places like transportation, wages, and things like that. So, it's quite a flat expectation. And I think the way segments - I think as a result of that PCP assumption, our margins by segment are reasonably flattish, and I'd say that applies to both segments, I would say, Steve.
Bill Sperry: And maybe I would - 
Gerben Bakker: Yes, go ahead.
Steve Tusa: Does the ish on utility kind of skew one way or the other, positive or negative-ish?
Gerben Bakker: Yes, I'd say flat, as you think about.
Steve Tusa: Okay. Okay, great.
Gerben Bakker: Maybe the two moving pieces on that I'll give you, if you think about the addition of Systems Control that's actually a little bit dilutive to the margin even though it's - we've provided those numbers and very attractive addition. And if you think about volume, it's a little bit accretive. And if you think the net of those with PCP flat, it's roughly flat. If you look at maybe a little bit color on the Electrical because the Electrical I think it's a slight expansion, but that is with a pretty good step-up on the restructuring, so if you take that out, it's actually a nice expansion of that, and Bill referred to it earlier of the opportunity still in that segment as they work through organizing that better, competing collectively, there's more room for margin expansion there.
Steve Tusa: Got it. Okay. Thanks, guys. Appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. And our next question comes from Jeffrey Sprague of Vertical Research. Please go ahead.
Jeffrey Sprague: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Just a little - good morning. Still little more color on the Utility margins. Just also thinking about the comms, Aclara business, not sure where the margins are at in that business, but that feels like it's a friction point also to some degree from a mix standpoint. So, I wonder if you could address that. I guess, Gerben you said flattish and you are covering through all that, but still I love some context on the mix effect of Aclara. And can you just give us a little color on how much Telecom was down in 2023? I guess, we're looking for a weak 2024, but we do have sort of at least half a weakness in the base here for 2023, I believe.
Bill Sperry: Yes. So, maybe let's start with Utility margins first, and I would say for Aclara, you're right to say their margins are below the transmission and distribution component margins, largely because of the amount of R&D investing that we're doing, working on developing the Next-Gen comms package. So, I would say, in '23 and particularly in this fourth quarter where you saw them outgrowing, I would - I think where you're going is, is that create a mix drag and it did in the fourth quarter. I think growth rates next year, we maybe anticipate more balanced, Jeff, so I don't think we'll have a big mix effect in Utility margins in '24. And your second question was on Telecom. Maybe provide a little context there, Jeff, and we really saw that slowing down towards the latter part of the year, particularly the fourth quarter, specifically was down 20%. The first quarter, we still expect that to be down double-digits. And what happened early in the year, we're still working through a lot of backlog in that which kind of shielded us a little bit. So we certainly expect after the first quarter, the second quarter sales to be down, and then we expect that to rebound in the second half and some of that stimulus funding frees up.
Jeffrey Sprague: And Gerben, can you also just address kind of your ability on just kind of factory throughput here as the industry, particularly on the Utility side seems to want to compound out here pretty healthy growth rates, everything kind of buttoned up on the factory work you've been doing or are there sort of more to do there, maybe just a little bit of skyline and what to expect on CapEx?
Gerben Bakker: Yes, I'd say more to do, Jeff. Some of those projects take time to get some of that equipment in and online. So, if you think about, for example, our transmission and substation markets, particularly strong last year and this coming year as well as you saw, and that requires some capital that still need to come online, and I feel good about our ability to do that. We've done that very well over the last year, so that's going to support some of that growth that we have embedded in our guidance.
Jeffrey Sprague: And then just one last question - I'm sorry, if you're not done, go ahead, I just had one last follow-up, if I could.
Gerben Bakker: Please go.
Jeffrey Sprague: I just wanted to kind of come back to the seasonality comment and everything, totally get it and that's sort of what I've been modeling, but given that - given the margin comp in the beginning of the year in particular, are you expecting EPS to actually grow year-over-year in Q1?
Bill Sperry: Yes. I think that we just aren't - we don't do EPS in the - by the quarterly guide basis. I just would say I'd anticipate our Q1 earnings to be in line with contributing to the full-year at our typical seasonality and more so than it did last year so.
Jeffrey Sprague: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. And our next question comes from Tommy Moll of Stephens. Please go ahead.
Tommy Moll: Good morning, and thank you for taking my questions.
Gerben Bakker: Hi, Tommy.
Bill Sperry: Hi, Tommy.
Tommy Moll: I wanted to start on the Utility side of the business. It seems like for most of last year it was more a discussion around availability rather than price. With that said, given some of the inventory destocking, particularly around distribution, has that conversation changed at all? Is price a bigger factor at this point?
Gerben Bakker: I would not say so, Tommy. No.
Tommy Moll: Good to hear. Thank you. I guess that then begs a follow-up where in your full-year outlook you contemplate, I think you said, Bill, a point of wraparound price, but you did highlight some uncertainty in certain pockets, what are those pockets you were referencing there?
Bill Sperry: Yes, so I think Telecom would be the first to see a market down. I think just puts a little pressure on that and so that's really the most noteworthy one. I think other areas where things are overstocked, can put a little pressure sometimes, so we've had a very successful pricing tactic over the last really two years and so it's something that we are; A, very focused on; B, are in very close conversations with our big customers. Gerben and I happen to be visiting with a few of our largest customers over the course of the last couple of weeks and just to your point, none of them are asking about price other than to make sure. We are coordinating with them, give them enough time to implement price increases, and let them manage that through their systems, but it's a - I would describe price as of this moment, Tommy, is still quite constructive.
Gerben Bakker: And maybe to your point, there may be some headwinds, I'd also say that we built into the guidance to carry over, but we also announced price increases early this year, it's early to tell at this stage, only a few weeks in on to stick rates, but again the conversations that we're having are very positive to those taken hold. So, we have levers against potential headwinds by taking price too.
Tommy Moll: Thank you, both. I appreciate it and will turn it back.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. And our next question comes from Nigel Coe of Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Nigel Coe: Thanks. Good morning, everyone. So - hi, good morning. So Bill, just wanted to be a bit more specific, typical seasonality for 1Q, it looks like about 20% of full-year, is that about the right zone for your math?
Bill Sperry: Yes, little. I would have said 21% if you ask me, yes.
Nigel Coe: Okay. That's great. Thanks for the clarification there. And then just the Electrical performance this quarter is obviously outstanding. The 6% organic growth, pretty flat Q-over-Q in both revenues and margin, so is that mainly a channel impact you're seeing there? I know you called out strength in electrification and data centers, just - I'm just curious in terms of the end-market demand what you saw during the quarter being a bit more specific there.
Bill Sperry: Yes, I'm not sure - I'm not sure I'm getting the essence of what you're asking. We did find that vertically data centers and renewables were both good that benefited our PCX business and our Burndy business. And I do think we saw from our big customers, if that's - if that's where you're pushing, in areas where they had been managing their inventories we saw a return to growth in those as well. So, I'm not sure if you're getting that customer behavior end-markets there, but we had a kind of a little bit of a mix of both.
Nigel Coe: Yes, I mean, it wasn't a straightforward question I know, but do you think the channel impact was fairly neutral? So sell-in versus sell-out pretty similar, but I guess that's sort of the essence of my question. But really, then when we think about the margin exit rate for 4Q into 2024, I know you've said flattish impact in '24, restructuring is picking up, so that's obviously a headwind in '24, but just curious about the Lighting impact, because that's coming out, so I think that that would probably drive more of a bias towards expansion in Electrical, so just curious if you agree with that.
Bill Sperry: I do agree. I do agree, they were sort of at double-digits versus what you see is a better margin at the segment, so I do agree.
Nigel Coe: And then sell-in versus sell-outs?
Bill Sperry: Yes, pretty consistent in the quarter, Nigel.
Nigel Coe: Okay, great, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Julian Mitchell of Barclays. Please go ahead.
Julian Mitchell: Hi, good morning. Maybe just trying to understand and fully comprehend that you don't give sort of detailed quarterly guidance, but you've got the 4% organic growth guide for the year in revenue, and you have the color around weak start to the year in Telecom, a bit of extra Utility destock, and maybe the last drags of non-Resi Electrical destock, so all of that seems to suggest a stronger second half organic growth rates. Just wondered how much of an improvement year-on-year are you dialing in through the year as we go to get to that 4% for the year as a whole.
Bill Sperry: Yes, Julian, first of all, welcome to the call, nice to have you, and I would say, that the Utility destock we'll see, but we could - if you - we couldn't be at the point of kind of having be done with that as well and I would say on the Electrical side we feel more confident than we are. Your Telecom point is right. I think we do anticipate a weaker start. And as you think about, you're sort of introducing sequential seasonality and how that's going to look VPY compare. And I think what on the VPY basis, some of the second half compares because of the destocking could actually be a little bit easier, for example, first quarter last year was actually quite strong. And I think seasonality-wise, we upped our investments at the second half of last year, as those wrap around that creates a more consistent and easier second half. So, I think as those things net against each other, that's kind of how we're getting to a more typical seasonal year even though, I hear you, there's obviously puts and takes and forces at work here.
Gerben Bakker: And maybe, Julian, provide maybe a local context on that, and you're right to point out there's still some headwinds, but one way to look at it and I realize it's an early data point, but as we look at how we're starting off the year and we look at our order patterns and trends here in January, it's actually a support to what Bill is somewhat hesitantly saying that we could be exiting our destocking, it's constructive, so I'd say, early reads into the year is that is constructive to kind of this profile of seasonal guidance.
Julian Mitchell: Thanks very much. And then just a quick follow-up, that Slide 10, the non-residential vertical within electrical, the flat to plus low single guide for the year, you understand fully on the channel stocking largely having run its course, but maybe just the market outlook. You use that word uncertain, just any sort of color you could put around that, what you're seeing in different verticals in that non-resi bucket?
Bill Sperry: Yes, just think maybe the pressure on office just feels like it puts a little bit less certainty, I mean it's quite a constructive pie, so I guess by - I think less certainty puts you in still a growth position, but it just - I think the institutional side probably be stronger, but maybe some of that office could be weaker. So, I think there is some that mix effect just puts it in the low-growth rather than the rest of the pie, which is more medium growth.
Julian Mitchell: That's great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. Your next question comes from Brett Linzey of Mizuho. Please go ahead.
Brett Linzey: Hi, good morning, all. Just wanted to come back to the investments and you talked about some of the carryover in the first half, just wanted to clarify, are these embedded within the volume portion of the bridge and separate from the footprint? I'm just trying to understand if you could quantify the investment versus restructuring and what those paybacks might look like.
Gerben Bakker: Yes, so if last year it was an investment that continues, i.e., if you added headcount, it would show up, yes, in margins, in volume. So, as we step things up in areas last year, for example, like new product development or people to work on productivity initiatives, that would wrap around higher costs, wouldn't be a new investment, right, it would show up as you're saying, Brett, in margin of that volume.
Brett Linzey: And then anything you can share in terms of the paybacks on these footprints? Is something embedded this year or is that a little bit longer term?
Gerben Bakker: Yes, I think the new - I think there is order of magnitude another $10 million of R&R in that bucket that will be invested this year it's of a footprint nature and I think the paybacks are that we have good ROICs on that. The paybacks tends to be in the 3-ish year range and so we're sort of investing today in those cases with benefits that probably start a year or two from now.
Bill Sperry: Maybe the other thing that I would say is embedded is some of those investments will drive a higher level of productivity that's embedded in our guidance. So when you look at the construct of flat price cost productivity, it has a higher level of productivity and higher level of inflation in it to offset it. So that's where some of those investments are going.
Brett Linzey: Okay, great. Yes, thanks for the color there. And then just a follow-up on the price expectations. So it sounds like no incremental actions embedded in the planning, I'd imagine you're seeing some raw non-material inflation, maybe just a little context as to maybe what that potential hedge could look like if you do see it sticking some of these actions that you are out in the marketplace with.
Bill Sperry: Yes, I mean, you'd be kind of maybe asking a little bit about a speculative sensitivity analysis, right, so, you can see, each point - each point of price gets us north, obviously, of $50 million of price and it's that - that's a lot of leverage if there is no corresponding inflation to that. Conversely, if you have to give a little it equally has kind of this 100% sort of drop through, and so as Gerben sort of outlined, I think we have because of the investments we made last year, we have a more ambitious productivity target level and we certainly see some inflation on wage transportation area as well as in kind of a material-related areas. So, I think getting the rigor that we need to focus on all of those levers to come out even or ahead is sort of a - it's an obsession. We review it really carefully every month at Gerben and my level and continue to push enough initiatives to make sure we stay even or ahead.
Brett Linzey: Got it. Appreciate the insight.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Joe O'Dea of Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Joe O'Dea: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. First, just wanted to focus on the 2024 bridge and if we think about it, I guess in three buckets with the organic piece, the M&A piece, and then some of the restructuring, is it fair to think about a 25% incremental on the organic piece? And then on the M&A side of things, can you add any detail on what you think interest expense is in '24, just so we get that right in the model, and does that interest expense contemplate the deployment of Resi Lighting proceeds? Thanks.
Bill Sperry: Yes, so I think we - you could put in about $40 million of incremental interest expense and I think the drop through of 25 on volume is reasonable. I'd rather see that more like 30, but somewhere in that high 20s is reasonable I think.
Joe O'Dea: And the Resi Lighting proceeds.
Bill Sperry: Yes, so we've - you see, we have interest income there as a plus and interest expense as a minus, so we sort of built to construct that, it's either cash that's going to earn or, yes, it's going to be available to pay down, and I guess - so I guess the one thing I'd say is, it's explicit that we're not modeling in our guidance any new acquisitions and so that would be incremental to this guide.
Joe O'Dea: Got it. And then on the Electrical side, can you size roughly what the destock headwind was to top-line growth in '23? And so just kind of the non-repeat of that, what we should think about that kind of contribution to the plus 3 to 4 for '24.
Gerben Bakker: Yes, overall, I would say, sell-through volumes were down kind of in the high-single to low-double-digits most of the year and I think sell-through was flattish to slightly up, so it got better in the fourth quarter, but overall, I think you can think about it a single-digit impact on a full-year basis.
Joe O'Dea: Okay. And then just a clarification that the fourth quarter 9% organic in Utility, did you give the price and volume split of that?
Bill Sperry: Yes, the volume was - it was negative, right, so it ate into the price. Volume was slightly positive, Joe, sorry.
Joe O'Dea: Volume was slightly positive.
Bill Sperry: Yes, you're asking for whole of Utility, sorry, I thought you were talking about [indiscernible]
Joe O'Dea: Yes, sorry, just 9% whole organic, so slightly positive volume. Got it. All right, great. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. And our next question comes from Nicholas Amicucci of TD Cowen. Please go ahead.
Nicholas Amicucci: Hi, good morning, guys.
Gerben Bakker: Good morning.
Bill Sperry: Good morning.
Nicholas Amicucci: Just had a couple. Wanted to hone in on the Electrical Solutions segment, so obviously, it's going to benefit somewhat this year from the footprint optimization, just wanted to see how much - I mean, how much more headroom do you guys have from an optimization perspective within that segment?
Gerben Bakker: Yes, I mean, I'd say that we still have projects that are - this year it will be consolidating locations, so you'd be absorbing volume in existing location. And then after you get to that, there's always the chance to keep putting in bigger more scaled facilities. So you can answer your question with a very long perspective, but if you took it a little bit more narrowly, I'd say, in the next few years, we'd be at a stage where we'd be quite happy with the optimization process. You're probably never done I guess point, but I think we'll - we go a long way to achieving sort of our desired goals in just a few years.
Nicholas Amicucci: Sure. That's fair. Then did want to touch upon too, so I think the guidance within the press release, it had indicated about $1.60 of the amortization, that's within adjusted EPS, and so if you do the math, that's roughly $86 million for the year. Within Utilities, I mean, I understand that there is a significant step-up in 4Q probably related to the Systems Control, but just wanted to get a better sense of the timing of that amortization and kind of break down between Utilities and Electrical Solutions.
Bill Sperry: Yes, so the increment - so we've been running at $1 for a while, so the $0.60 that's new is all in Utility so as you separate them. And when you think about the amortization, a lot of it is going to customer value and in places that have quite a long - by long, I mean like 20-year, so it's a pretty stable - it's a pretty stable run rate.
Nicholas Amicucci: Got it. Perfect. Yes, that's all I got, so thanks, guys.
Bill Sperry: Thank you.
Gerben Bakker: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Chris Snyder of UBS. Please go ahead.
Christopher Snyder: Thank you. I wanted to ask on Utility margins, and - specifically, I guess the expectation that on an organic margins will be flattish for 2024, I'm just asking because you guys are exiting the year well below where you started, and maybe M&A had a bit of a headwind in Q4, but it feels like organic is, in Q4, down a good deal versus the first half. So is it fair to - does the guide assume that Utility organic margins are down year-on-year in the first half and then return to growth into the back half or should we expect them up year-on-year throughout the year?
Bill Sperry: Yes, I would assume they're kind of flattish through the - like I don't think there's anything - I think I look maybe at the shape of '23 because I know exactly what you're observing, right? You see a sequential step down in margin, some of that is attributable to some spending investing that we're doing, some of it is attributable to the Aclara mix effect, some of it is attributable to the fact that the volumes inside of Power Systems were going through their destocking work with our customer channels partners. And - so I think, again, we just see that, Chris, returning to a more normal shape, and so I think the volume piece of Power Systems becomes quite important to that. I think we see the mix with Aclara start to balance to equal - more equal contributions. And so I think in a balanced world, we would expect margins in Q1 and Q4 to be below the margins in Q2 and Q3 and that that shape in '24 should feel quite normal.
Christopher Snyder: Thank you. I appreciate that. And then just as a follow-up on Utility margins, so I know they're always down sequentially into Q4, just lower revenue. This quarter came in quite a deal sharper than we expected, is the company starting to feel the impact of higher metal prices? I know steel has been up a lot over the last three, four months, was that starting to come through in Q4 on those Utility margins or is that still more maybe a '24 dynamic? Thank you.
Bill Sperry: Yes, I mean, we certainly saw starting November, December steel move and I would say the way that works through the supply chain, there's usually a couple of months lag on when we as a LIFO company pay those most recent prices. So I think we'll feel those prices - those costs, if you will, in the first quarter, and maybe mid to end of the first quarter.
Christopher Snyder: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. And our next question comes from Scott Graham of Seaport Research Partners. Please go ahead.
Scott Graham: Hi, good morning. Thanks for squeezing me in. Just really the question I have is about the portfolio management slide, and particularly now with Systems Control in the fold you have a couple of nice size bubbles under which to acquire, what is the outlook there for - what does the pipeline look like? I mean, you've got 1.4 net leverage, which is a really good number to work off of, sort of what are your aspirations in '24, maybe even by telling us, would you be disappointed without another good-size deal this year?
Bill Sperry: Yes, it's an interesting way to phrase the question. I had come at it from two perspectives. The first, you already raised, which is we're very comfortable with our leverage levels, so we think financially, we certainly can afford to invest in acquisitions. And I would say, secondly, is kind of the integration perspective, and We'd like to make sure that we have Systems Control well-integrated, we've got a healthy amount of people kind of working together, so off to a great start. Our customers are happy with it. Feels like a good cultural fit. But it still takes work to make sure that it's integrated and we don't want to have too many plates spinning. So, your question maybe, well, revisited three months from now, but I agree with you that strategically we'd love to add businesses in the Northeast and financially - Northeast of this two-by-two matrix of higher-growth, higher-margin. And yes, we feel we have capacity both in - cash flow generation will be up in the $800 million range this year plus, as you pointed out, I think balance sheet capacity. So, we are - so I think let's just revisit that question maybe in three months and see how we feel, but it's a good one, it's a good question.
Scott Graham: Well, fair enough. I guess, I was just wondering also what the pipeline itself looks like, and you can put people off a little bit.
Bill Sperry: Yes, there is - there is a pretty decent pipeline and there's quite a few things we're expecting to at least probe the market in the second half of the year, so that doesn't mean we'll buy any of those or that they'll be attractive, but there is an interesting amount of what appears to be inventory maybe coming to market, so.
Scott Graham: Thanks so much.
Bill Sperry: Yes.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, I'd like to turn it back to Gerben Bakker for closing remarks.
Gerben Bakker: Great. Thank you. I appreciate all the questions with the quite robust time we put out for that in this call to focus on our outlook. Maybe I'll close by saying that I feel really good about the year and our ability to deliver on our commitments to you, to drive profitable growth after a few years of really outperformance. So look forward to our Investor Day later in the year and to our first quarter call, let's talk about how we're doing so far this year, so thanks so much.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating and you may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-10-31 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for standing by. And welcome to Hubbell's Third Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call [Operator Instructions].  I would now like to hand the call over to VP of Investor Relations, Dan Innamorato. Please go ahead.
Dan Innamorato: Thanks, operator. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Earlier this morning, we issued a press release announcing our results for the third quarter of 2023. The press release and slides are posted to the Investors section of our Web site at hubbell.com. I'm joined today by our Chairman, President and CEO, Gerben Bakker; and our Executive Vice President and CFO, Bill Sperry. Please note our comments this morning may include statements related to the expected future results of our company and are forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Therefore, please note the discussion of forward-looking statements in our press release and consider it incorporated by reference into this call. Additionally, comments may also include non-GAAP financial measures, those measures are reconciled to the comparable GAAP measures and are included in the press release and slides.  Now let me turn the call over to Gerben.
Gerben Bakker: Thanks, Dan, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us to discuss Hubbell's third quarter results. Third quarter results demonstrate continued execution off of strong first half and multiyear performance. Price realization remains strong as prior actions to offset inflation continue to stick in the marketplace, supported by our leading position and service levels in attractive markets. Additionally, improved productivity and lower year-over-year raw material costs also contributed to another quarter of significant operating margin expansion. As anticipated, we accelerated our investments in capacity, productivity and innovation initiatives in the third quarter to drive long term returns for shareholders. We expect that grid modernization and electrification will continue to drive GDP plus growth in our markets over the next several years, and Hubbell is uniquely positioned to solve these critical infrastructure needs for our customers in front and behind the meter. These investments we are making in the second half of this year will effectively position the company to capitalize on these visible growth opportunities through best-in-class quality and service as well as through the introduction of new products and solutions. More near term, we detailed last quarter how normalizing supply chain dynamics have enabled improved manufacturing lead times and allowed our channel partners to normalize their order patterns in response to more predictable product availability. This process continued into third quarter. Bill will walk you through more of the details in a few minutes. But overall, we continue to view this as a natural outcome of supply chain normalization. Broadly, our sell through to end markets remains healthy and our positions with our customers remain strong. We anticipate that we will be mostly through this normalization process as we exit 2023. Our visibility to continued strong operating performance gives us the confidence that we can navigate effectively through the fourth quarter to deliver at the upper half of our prior guidance range. As we look ahead to 2024, we believe we are well positioned to drive profitable growth off of a strong multiyear performance base, and I will share some more color around our early planning considerations for next year at the end of the prepared remarks. Before I turn the call over to Bill, Hubbell announced in a press release yesterday the acquisition of Systems Control for $1.1 billion. And you'll note in today's presentation materials that we've also closed on a bolt-on acquisition of Balestro. Both of these acquisitions are high quality businesses with strong strategic fits that enhance our industry leading platform of utility components, communications and controls. Systems Control is a leading manufacturer of mission critical substation protection and control solutions. The business is complementary to our portfolio and enhances our leading value proposition to our core utility customer base. Substation automation is an attractive space within the utility market as control and relay solutions are critical to upgrading and protecting aged infrastructure, while also enabling the integration of renewables and the electrification of the grid. Systems Control has a proven business model and a demonstrated track record of delivering value for customers and financial performance that will enhance Hubbell's long term growth and margin profile. Balestro is a leading manufacturer of high quality utility arresters and insulators that bolts on well to our existing portfolio. Importantly, this acquisition also provides us with additional manufacturing capacity that will enable incremental output in a constrained US T&D market. Bill will provide more color on both of these acquisitions in a few minutes, but we are very pleased to deploy capital to acquire attractive businesses like these that will drive strong returns and strong long-term value for our customers and shareholders. With that, let me turn it over to Bill to walk you through the details of the quarter.
Bill Sperry: Thanks very much, Gerben. Good morning, everybody. I appreciate you taking time to join us this morning. I'm going to start my comments on Page 4 of the materials that I hope you found on the Web site. And you'll see here highlighted strong results for the third quarter with our performance broadly consistent with the themes and trends we've been discussing throughout the year. If I were to try to summarize that neatly in a sentence, I would say we've been enjoying broad based market strength in our key end markets, which has helped support strong margin expansion primarily driven by execution on the price cost front and doing that while absorbing the channel, managing inventories down in response to the supply chain improving from pandemic depths. And you'll hear us talk about, I think, a lot of those themes throughout the day as we discuss our performance with you. So you see sales of about $1.4 billion, a 5% increase, 4% organic, 1% from acquisition. And again, that's basically in line with how we've been guiding you. The OP margins at 21.4% plus 440 basis points for last year, marking the third quarter in 2023 where we've had margins above 20%, again, very strong execution particularly on the price lever there. And I'd say that we -- it gave us the extra margin to help invest that we think will really help us both grow in future years as well as be more efficient. So I think as we think about earnings and profit essentially in line with our expectations, a little bit stronger on margin, maybe a little bit lighter on sales growth. So maybe getting there a little bit differently, but certainly in line with our expectations. You see $3.95 of earnings, 28% year-over-year increase, obviously, the strong operating performance driving those results. And free cash flow of $159 million higher income in the quarter but also higher CapEx, higher investment in trade working capital. And we are confident in the year getting to $700 million, so fourth quarter is a very seasonally strong as it typically is. So I think the way we were thinking about cash flow in Gerben's comments, he talked about multiyear trends. So we're talking about cash flow from '21 to '22 to '23, going from $425 million to $500 million to $700 million. And we're excited about the high quality earnings giving us that cash flow, because it allows us to lean into investing and making our great company even better in the future. Let's go to Page 5 and we'll see performance graphically a rate against prior year here. And I'm going to start in the upper left on sales, you see 5% increase to just under $1.4 billion. We had talked about organic being 4%, acquisitions being 1%. The acquisitions, PCX, our data center acquisition as now we've kind of lapped out of that. So the incremental is coming from both EIG and Ripley, which were component manufacturers in the utility space, so helping drive utility growth there mostly. On the organic 4%, price was 6% and units were down 2%. As we think about the units, there was two soft end markets that we're managing through. One is the resi side, where we've had double digit declines, I think interest rates having a big effect there. And second is on the telecom side, and we can talk a little bit more about that where we still have very strong medium-term outlook expectations for telecom. But to balance where we see units being driven down, we believe is coming from channel actions to manage their inventories in a very natural response to this kind of multiyear cycle of having our lead times gap out during pandemic problems where we had both material and labor shortages. We forced our customers, therefore, to over-order and now they're managing that inventory back down to target at normal levels, meaning they're selling through to our end market at a higher rate than they're buying from us. And as Gerben said, we're starting to see that come to an end on the electrical side around now and we're expecting the power side to be done by year end. So I think '24 should start to look like a much more normal order pattern year for us with healthy markets. On the upper right, you see operating profit $295 million for the quarter, 21.4% OP margin, 31% increase in dollars and a very healthy increase in basis points of margin expansion. Interestingly, as we look at trajectory and we see sequentially those margins are down versus the second quarter, that's primarily due to investments that we're making, essentially on the growth side, where we're pushing hard on new product development, innovation and also making some capacity expansions as well as on the efficiency side, where we're focusing on sourcing. I think we've shared with you in the past pie charts of our cost structure and a lot of our cost in the material side. So our sourcing actually has to be very efficient and as well as supply chain efficiency. So we're happy to have the margin to make these investments, because we think they're going to make us more profitable in the future as we go forward. And earnings per share on the lower left, you see a $0.28 increase to $3.95, basically in line with OP growth. We had some tax headwinds that were largely offset by interest income. So one of the interesting impacts of higher interest rates where we have significant cash balances, we've been earning about 5% on that cash and even better, more towards 5.5% in the US. So help offset that tax headwind to keep keep earnings growth in line. And then you see the free cash flow down 18% to prior year. We obviously had more income but we have higher CapEx, higher working capital investment in inventory. But one big driver was the timing of receipts, which flooded in, in early October. And so October has proved to be a very cash rich month, we think going to drive a very cash rich fourth quarter, which will get us over $700 million of cash flow for the year. So again, that three year walking cash really supporting us being able to be in a net investment position. So now I want to unpack the results between our two segments. And on Page 6, I wanted to start with the Utility segment. So another strong quarter for our utility franchise, you see 8% growth in sales and nearly 40% growth in OP dollars with 5 points of operating profit margin expansion. So strong performance by the franchise here. We'll focus on sales first, up 8% to $838 million. 7 points of that is organic, 1 being via acquisition. The organic is essentially all price, so units effectively flat. And interesting, we're starting to really see -- we report to you in these two different business units between the components for transmission and distribution versus the comms and controls business unit. And we're starting to see the portfolio effect here where for the past couple of years, the T&D components business has been outgrowing communications and controls. Last quarter, the growth was quite balanced. In this quarter, you see comps and controls outgrowing components. I think both effects being driven effectively by supply chain disruption becoming more normalized, and let's talk through that for a minute. So on the T&D side, we'll talk about three components: first, transmission; second, distribution; and third, telecom. The transmission part of the business continues to be very strong, demand strong, shipment growth strong, backlog strong, pricing strong. On the distribution side, there are elements that continue to be quite strong on backlog and growth. In particular, there's places where there's some part shortages and in particular, some of these MOV blocks, which we'll talk about a little bit later that are causing some of the insulator arrester units to have just be growth constrained essentially. But where the book-and-bill parts of distribution have come back and lead times have come way back, we're seeing again our channel managed the inventory down in some of those parts and the distribution portion bigger than transmission. Telecom is clearly weakening temporarily here. We make primarily in closures, a little bit of connectors and hardware as well, but we make plastic, fiberglass and palmer concreting enclosures. If you're crossing the street and you look down as you're pushing the crosswalk button, you'll often see on those corners a lid and our brand would say, Quazite, you might see the brand name of the telco. And those are boxes that contain the electronics, keep them safe and dry and accessible for maintenance. And Telecom had become an important customer of that -- of the Enclosures business and we see very clear weakening there by the telcos. I think there's a mix of high interest rates but we're seeing the timing of their projects being affected by stimulus dollars where if they wait to start a project into next year, they'll receive some stimulus and have someone else pay for it. So we're seeing that have pretty significant demand on the timing of projects. The medium term outlook for that spending is still very robust. So we still consider a growth vertical but having this stimulus impacted, I think, weakness. So that's up in T&D. On the comp side, similarly affected differently by the supply chain disruption basically have been prevented from finalizing chips and AMI going into meters and so business has been constrained. We've seen the chip supply loosen up here in the third quarter and a nice nearly 30% growth at attractive margins. And so we see some momentum now coming on the comp side. So basically, the portfolio, the pieces and cylinders of our portfolio are firing at different times here, but the net result is a very strong performance, especially as you look over on the operating profit side on the right side of the page, nearly 40% growth to $200 million of profit at 24% margins. Price costs, still a quite a positive dynamic. We feel good about that, that the price continues to stick. The cost has all of '22, was inflationary from a materials perspective and '23 actually turned to become a tailwind. So providing an awful lot of lift to that margin story and some momentum into our fourth quarter that gives us confidence, as Gerben mentioned, to raise our guidance for the fourth quarter. So again, utility franchise performing really nicely, great financial performance. And we'll go to Page 7 to talk about the Electrical segment. And for them, quite strong execution on the operating profit line by Electrical Solution segments. You see the 17% growth and the attractive margin expansion there. All accomplished with a 1% decline in sales to $538 million, a 1% decline is comprised of price being up low single digits and the volume being down mid single digits. And so we're sort of talking about the different end market pieces there. And before breaking it down, I think important to note that the volume is up sequentially and we think that's a very good sign. You've heard me talk about the channel managing. The inventory is down that's most notable in our nonres exposure area. And with that volume up sequentially and as we see the order patterns emerging, we believe the fourth quarter will see the segment be able to grow. And we'd be able to discuss the end of the channel inventory management phase, which would be quite welcome. On the resi side, it's been soft, down double digits. The industrial is the brighter part. We see growth and healthy shipments. The reshoring tailwind, we think is real. And in particular, our verticals are doing very nicely between data centers and renewables. And so when we look to the right side of the page, we see the margin expansion. We see the growth of OP dollars while absorbing some of the volume impacts of the channel inventory management phase and soft resi. It's actually we think quite a successful story. But Gerben in his opening comments mentioned a couple of portfolio moves. And on Page 8, I want to walk you through a little bit more detail than he gave you in his remarks. This is really the outcome of our business development process, which is very intentional and focused on finding us high growth, high margin profile businesses that we can acquire and make more valuable on our platform than they are as stand-alone companies. And we believe we have two really good instances that that I'll talk you through and really good for -- to see the cash flow performance of the enterprise really enable us to comfortably do not only two acquisitions, but one being in the $1 billion kind of size range. So that's good. I'm going to start at the bottom of the page with Balestro. See Balestro, an $85 million deal with $40 million of sales that I think looks very typical to you all. I would call it a very typical Hubbell tuck-in. We've been in contact with them on for many years. It's exciting to get this to fruition. Balestro has a very attractive local business in Latin America, making insulated arrester products. But the real attraction for us is what you see on the left of the picture, those little hockey pucks are MOV blocks. They help take insulator arrester products, which you see kind of in the spine there and prevents the conduction of electricity, which then allows our products to really protect other expensive equipment from the high voltage surges and other damaging effects. So effectively, our insulator arrester business in the US has been constrained by lack of availability of these MOV blocks. And so it's an exciting deal for us to size of local business to really help us now get that supply chain vertically integrated, make more capacity available so we can actually grow and grab share in those businesses, which are high margin businesses. So very strategic acquisition for us even though of typical tuck-in sort of size. Systems control being a larger size than typical for us. On this page, I may talk about the footprint of systems control and next page, I'll maybe switch to a little bit more what it does. But you see $1.1 billion of acquisition size with $400 million of sales, that's all in backlog essentially. So it's kind of prewired for that for next year. We are anticipating closing. We've just signed it. We're anticipating closing by year end as normal closing conditions get satisfied. We will be anticipating source of funds for the acquisition coming from cash and debt. As a result of the acquisition, we're anticipating our debt-to-EBITDA being around 1.7 times on a gross basis and net basis about 1.5. So interesting to see how the balance sheet has grown and the cash flow has grown to allow $1 billion deal to be very affordable by leverage means. We're anticipating attractive accretion from the acquisition, it may be worth noting, I think a couple of you put out some notes that were emphasizing synergies. And I would not describe systems control as a synergy oriented deal, at least on the cost side, there certainly will be cost synergies, but there's always in the first year integration costs as well. So the net of that doesn't tend to be a big impact, but the real synergy for us is with our sales force and our client base really being able to grow the business very effectively. And as well, I think the second item on interest expense, we mentioned our cash. We've been earning about 5 points and borrowing will probably be in the 6s, but that's all subject to market conditions at the time of close. So we'll kind of reserve the time to get that organized for when we give you guidance, we'll give you more specifics on all of that. And maybe on Page 9, I can do a better job of explaining exactly what systems control is and what it does. So you see on the bottom of the page, when you have generation, you got to step up the voltage to transmit it on one of those 90-foot steel towers. And when it gets to the last mile, it gets stepped down in voltage and then distributed to the user. And each of these substations around it's fun if you drive on the highway, you'll now start to look, I hope and see these white buildings inside of the substation which contain these control and relay panels, which monitor and control the flow of electricity, and prevent damage to any of the really expensive equipment around it. And so this business kind of fits very nicely with Hubbell in many ways. It's all the same customers. In fact, you're getting relationship oriented customers who like this product done on a turnkey basis, which is good for us. If you look around that substation on the upper left, we're already selling insulators, arresters, switches, bushings, hardware, connectors and the like, sprinkled around. So this is now kind of a chunky investment here in the control building. It has the same traits as typical level power systems where the cost of our product is quite low relative to the investment in the performance and the other equipment around it. So the protection of that becomes very valuable. It's going to involve very close work with our customers in designing and executing these buildings. So we're very pleased and I think it fits well. Its financial history has been very attractive. It's grown at double digits over the last eight years or so. The investment thesis on growth is really simple here. This outlook for substation spending is very robust as the 53,000 substations out there start to age. And secondly, the way these buildings are constructed, we think there's going to be a pivot from in-field construction to in factory construction. And this turnkey solution at systems control provides -- fits that trend. We think both of those trends are going to allow for continued double digit growth at high margins. So I think the last part of fit worth mentioning is the management team. Brad and his team, we really enjoyed getting to know them. We think a lot of times with private equity owned businesses we run into -- a mercenary has been hired to address something up and sell it and Brad is 22-year vet at this company, he has a deep passion to grow it. And I would say, we're really excited to partner and provide Hubbells resources to enable Brad to engage in the growth strategy, and we welcome Brad and his team to the Hubbell family. So let's talk about how the year is expected to finish and then I'll let Gerben tell you about how that sets up '24. But on Page 10, you'll see that we had sales growth when we talked to you last in July of 8% to 10%. We're narrowing that to the 8% range. In July, we had earnings at 14.75 to 15.25, so we're cutting that range in half, and we feel good that the fourth quarter momentum will get us to the upper half of the range that we had initially shared with you back then. And the cash flow, really robust at $700 million. So the fourth quarter is always left obviously. And we think what we should expect in our fourth quarter is typical seasonality, and there's mid single digit fewer days. So we usually get that impact on sales sequentially. The price cost dynamic, we've got momentum there, which is going to help drive margin expansion in the fourth quarter. And we're going to continue to invest in both our businesses growth prospects as well as its efficiency to set up a stronger '24 and beyond. So again, I think the three year walk shows a pretty interesting picture of the pandemic contraction in '20, the expansion with supply chain disruption in '21 and '22, and '23 being normalizing supply chains and price cost really driving this 25% growth over that three year period. So we really feel we're coming out of the pandemic as a bigger, stronger, more profitable enterprise and I think we're pleased with the investing we've been able to do in '23 to really help support '24 and beyond. I'll let Gerben sort of give you some of his preliminary thoughts on that.
Gerben Bakker: Great. Thanks, Bill. And as we look ahead, we feel well positioned for 2024 and beyond. Grid modernization, electrification megatrends remain intact and we continue to believe our utility markets can deliver mid single digit organic growth over the next several years. Our industry leading utility franchise is uniquely positioned to enable us to serve our utility customers as they invest to make the grid infrastructure more reliable, resilient and renewable. While we anticipate telecom markets to remain weak through the first half of next year, Strong demand in T&D markets, particularly transmission and substation support visible growth. We also anticipate that the deployment of infrastructure stimulus funding will drive further demand for Hubbell Utility Solutions in the second half of next year. In Electrical Solutions, we continue to see significant opportunity to drive further value across the portfolio by competing collectively and operating more efficiently as we bring these businesses closer together. We've made good progress in reshaping this portfolio over the last several years with 25% of segment revenues now tied to growth verticals aligned to mega trends like data centers, renewables and utility T&D and we expect continued growth in these areas next year. Industrial markets have been solid with support from US industrial nearshoring and manufacturing project activity and nonresidential markets have remained stable. We've yet to see the signs of macroeconomic uncertainty or higher interest rate impact in these markets, but this is something we are closely monitoring as we build out contingency scenarios for planning into next year. From an operational perspective, the price/cost productivity equation will be more dynamic to navigate as we enter a more normalized environment, but we have levers at our disposal to manage this effectively. We expect that execution and productivity initiative will become a more important focus area for us moving forward to enable us to offset persisting inflation while maintaining the strong pricing levels we have achieved over the last several years. We'll provide additional color along with our '24 outlook early next year, but overall, we remain confident in our ability to deliver continued profitable growth off of a strong multiyear base of performance. With that, let me turn it over to Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Jeff Sprague of Vertical Research.
Jeff Sprague: First, just thinking about Q4 implied kind of a nice acceleration in organic growth. Obviously, the comp is easier. But I just wonder if you could give us a sense of how you see volume progressing in Q4? It sounds like you would expect it to inflect positive in EP and backing into probably a decent volume quarter in utility also. But would love your perspective on just some granularity on the organic as Part 1 here?
Bill Sperry: Jeff, I think you almost answered your own question, but it is significant to us that the electrical side has been facing some of this overstock situation for a few quarters now. So we think that's nice to see that inflecting into a growth position and sort of getting that period back to -- back to a normal book and bill sort of fourth quarter and really '24, and I think that's that's kind of the story.
Jeff Sprague: And then just thinking about margins into next year, Bill or Gerben, obviously, we're coming off a high level. So it sounds like you expect price to be positive. You still have inflation in aggregate, maybe not so much in materials. But maybe just kind of talk about roughly how you would bridge us on an incremental or however you want to frame it, because we're also trying to dial in these investment headwinds? I would assume you're going to continue to invest for growth going forward, but it sounds like maybe it's a headwind in 2023, but is more kind of maybe just in the base than part of sales growth in 2024. But maybe you could just give us a little bit more color on how to think about bridging the margins.
Bill Sperry: I think we're -- frankly, we'll be much more -- give you much more granularity when we're together in January, and we give you our guidance. But I think you're putting your finger on some important things basically, you've got the expectation that volumes will be positive. And in those cases, it's the fixed cost absorption and the incrementals helping push margins up. I think the investment point, we're still calibrating exactly how much we're going to do. I think, from Gerbens and my perspective, the great news is to see how creative and aggressive our teams have been in coming up with investment ideas. So it's more a function of Gerben and I regulating that and as opposed to, gee, we don't have any ideas as to how to improve the franchise. I think on the price comment that you made, there is a little bit of wrap around embedded from the timing of price increases in '23, but that's pretty small, certainly compared to the last two years. And will be whether there's any new price beyond that will remain to be seen, and we'll share that with you as we get to year end. I think we do expect productivity because you mentioned the inflation side and we've been pretty simplistically trying to maintain a balance between price and material cost on one hand and productivity and nonmaterial inflation on the other. When a nonmaterial inflation gets 5%-ish , right, it's a little bit harder to rely on just productivity to do that. That being said, we have a lot of this investment that we've been talking about is aligned towards being more productive. So we're going to continue to target that price/cost productivity to be balanced. But again, I think we'll be a lot more clear with you and granular with you, Jeff, when we're together next time.
Jeff Sprague: And maybe just a quick one for Gerben. Nice deal here, obviously, on the utility side. I just wonder if you could give us a little bit more color on how you can leverage it internally, either for growth or margin expansion? And what kind of -- Bill kind of tried to dial us back a little bit on cost synergies. I'm sure there are some, though, like how do you integrate this into your footprint, leverage purchasing, that sort of thing to fully maximize the value here?
Gerben Bakker: And we're obviously very excited to bug deals, but obviously, the systems control, the size and the scale that it adds to the franchise we're really excited about. The good news with this business coming in that it's historically been high growth and it's very profitable, as you can see. So that's certainly a nice position coming into the portfolio. As we look and we diligence this business there's some really nice trends that I think will serve this business right. One is that they've been for 60 year a relining control panel manufacturing, but over the last 10 or 20 years, they've moved into more turnkey systems. And in essence, what that does is take labor of putting these systems together traditionally in the field to a more controlled environment in the factory where they can not only have a better control environment, they test them and it takes a lot of time out of the field. So this is a trend that we're actually seeing in the business started when we acquired PCX, that similar dynamics, some of the new products that we're developing have those features in place. So it's an area that we believe will see outsized growth coming in. What we can add to it is, we looked at who their customers are, it aligns extremely well with where some of our customers are with the exception that they still have a much smaller share of those customers. And I think this is where we really see that with our sales or with our people, we can add to complementing that. So I do believe it's more about the sales growth than probably typical cost synergies that we would see smaller tuck-ins coming in, but really excited about having this in the portfolio on what we can do with it.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steve Tusa of JPMorgan.
Steve Tusa: So just on the -- can you update us on the price cost productivity numbers? And then Bill, you always have like a pretty good balanced view of the macro here. I remember back in the day, you would talk about how things were either kind of trending as you would expect with a rhythm to it or whether things were kind of choppy in a low growth world. How would you kind of characterize the demand you're seeing today into '24, like just from a consistency and visibility perspective across your portfolio?
Bill Sperry: I would say the hard part about your question is, I think you're asking about out the door demand from our channel to the end user, and I think that has been a nice stable demand. I'd point out two weak areas between telco and resi. And together, they're each on 1 side of our segment and they're each about 10%. So there's 80% of the company, I would say, Steve, that's seeing nice, healthy markets from the out the door sales side. I think the part that makes it a little more challenging is how much of that's coming out of inventory in the channel versus how much is coming out of our factory shipping new stuff. And that's where we're sort of in this inflection phase that I think our electrical side was probably a quarter earlier. And so I think they're out of it and our power side has another quarter or so to go. And so it's a -- that disconnect is just makes it a little less smooth. And I think from a -- I think you're using a good word of predictability and visibility, I think we're looking forward to '24 being a little more straightforward of, if demand gets an order to get a shipment.
Steve Tusa: And then is price cost and productivity for the year, like what that new number is if there's an update to it [Multiple Speakers] yes, price cost productivity
Bill Sperry: Yes. So when you look at it on a year-over-year basis, this is kind of -- we got this eight quarter '22 and '23 very positive picture. '22, I would characterize as really strong price pull with material inflation. '23 has been a little bit less price pulled but with material tailwind. So it created an even bigger net. And as you look at it quarterly, it's stepping down in the second half. So third and fourth quarter, a little bit less, but still I mean, on an absolute basis, a really big contributor to our margin expansion story.
Steve Tusa: Can you get an absolute number?
Dan Innamorato: Driving the majority of the margin expansion, Steve.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Please standby for our next question, which comes from the line of Nigel Coe of Wolfe Research.
Nigel Coe: Can you just maybe just give us kind of your thinking on what gives you confidence that this utility destock is sort of going to be finished by year end, because I think that's the key for a lot of folks here, so any metrics on kind of selling the sellouts, backlog burn or days on hand, any intel there would be helpful?
Bill Sperry: So we've been using backlog -- Nigel, let's say that to simplify your question, Electrical is already in the position of being kind of book and bill, okay? So we've used backlog in the second and third quarters of this year, and we still have more backlog than we traditionally do. I would say, pre-pandemic, we would think about backlog being in the six week range as being very normal and typical of our book-and-bill kind of enterprise. I'd say we're sort of in the quarter and half of backlog now, so it's maybe 2.5 times typical size. So we still have the backlog on the power side. And I think that the models that we've built and the way that we're looking at those specific businesses who have gone to a much more normal lead time and we see those are the areas where we think they're shipping more than they're receiving from us. And as we talk to our customers and the models that we've created, it feels to us like that burns off that whole phase burns off by the end of the year. And we're kind of using what we saw in Electrical because it's -- that's a good precursor, we think. And so those -- all that stuff combines but I do appreciate I think there's maybe some art and some science mixed together in that answer.
Gerben Bakker: And maybe I'll provide an additional comment here, Nigel, is that while I think Bill correctly points out, there's a lot of moving parts. The good part is we have very strong tie-ins with not just our electrical channel partners, but with our utility and customers. So through those discussions, we can have discussion where the inventory sits in that channel because it sits in both places. And we see clearly in certain product lines, supported by the order rate and the shipment rates that the inventories come down, and they're telling us when they're getting towards that end of where they want to be. But I'll also remind you that the demand in the utility sector is still very, very strong. And in those same conversations, customers are very optimistic about the increased higher levels of spend. If you look at our CapEx plans going forward, elevated. So while certainly a little bit uncomfortable managing through this time as we look out a little bit, we feel really good about the end demand and that we can continue to grow our business through the cycle.
Nigel Coe: And then just on the Electrical Solutions margins, I think with all this noise in the utility, I think we're forgetting that these are continuing to like inflate to record levels, especially when we consider the residential business would be obviously well below that the average. So when volumes inflect, I think you're calling for volume to reflect in the fourth quarter and then obviously into 2024. Do you think you can actually build on these margins or is there going to be some offsets that I can't think of any, but are you confident you can push margins into maybe the [Indiscernible] levels?
Bill Sperry: Yes. I think you're looking at it the same way we are, which is that this is a new base and that new volumes should drop at incrementals. And I think the one overlay to all that, that gives me maybe even more confidence than you is Mark Mikes spent seems like a lifetime making our Power Systems multi-brand platform compete collectively and act really efficiently. And he really is at the early days of him adding what I would just call overall segment efficiencies to how those different silos are running. And so there's both the math of growth and incrementals but also Marks experience with us and track record of finding just structural ways to make it cheaper to operate and more efficiently, I should say.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brett Linzey of Mizuho.
Brett Linzey: Yes, I wanted to come back to comm controls up 28% and other strong quarters you catch up on supply chain. I know at one point, you had a $1 billion backlog, $6 billion of pipeline of projects in the funnel. Just curious what the conversion of that funnel has been looking like? And then do you think you can build off some of this catch-up growth this year as we flip the calendar '24?
Bill Sperry: Let me start with the first one -- or the second one, I'll let Gerben comment maybe on the overall picture. But yes, we think the momentum of having the chip supplies saw is really helping us get some backlog from the meter side out and as well on the AMI side. So it's a welcome surge of momentum that certainly will carry us through fourth quarter, Brent, maybe Ill let Gerben talk back really about the positioning of
Gerben Bakker: And now regarding the backlog, it still sits around that $1 billion-ish mark As we look forward, especially with some of the technologies that we are developing to serve some of those new applications of distribution, automation, we feel well positioned in this market over the next several years out, and we see it in our quotation activity that's picking up. These are big projects that timing of which tends to be a little more unpredictable than the regular stock and flow part of our business. But we're quite optimistic and bullish about what this business can contribute over the next few years.
Brett Linzey: And then just a follow-up, I think you noted the additional manufacturing capacity, the two recent deals could be favorable. I guess, how does this change your current capacity plans or what you're thinking in terms of '24 budgeting? And can you absorb some of the acquired capacity, any context there?
Bill Sperry: I think on the Balestro side, it's really adding to the capacity of our North American insulator arrester business. I think on the systems control side, as I was mentioning, Brad has some ambitious growth plans that we really embrace, so I think we'll be looking to add capacity. As we mentioned, they've been growing double digits for eight years in a row, and so we're looking to help [buttress] that.
Gerben Bakker: And I'd say, on the kind of specific to Balestro, helps with the investment needs even into next year because that was one of the areas we were contemplating having them make investments in to grow that block or this capacity, but it's not the only one why not constraints in other areas. If you look at our transmission business and other parts of the businesses, we clearly still need to invest into next year to be able to capture that growth over the next few years [indiscernible] but it's not unique.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Chris Snyder of UBS.
Chris Snyder: I wanted to just ask about confidence and the ability to hold utility margins at around these levels into next year. Obviously, up a lot year-on-year, and it felt like a big piece of that expansion was obviously on price cost. So kind of just talk about expectations there into next year.
Gerben Bakker: Maybe I'll start, and Bill will fill in. And if you look at the margins, particularly to the utility but I think it's across our business that in '23, we looking to expand our margins there by 700 basis points, that's quite attractive. And our view is going into '24 is that we can grow profitably on that base. And one of the drivers is going to be volume next year. We do expect that business to grow in volume. We expect to manage through this price cost productivity equation that we talked about earlier and we'll continue to invest in the business. So I think as a set up to think of profitable growth on top of this base is the right way in the experience. And certainly, we'll come back in January to provide more color on the different moving pieces and where that may fall with margins more specifically.
Chris Snyder: And then maybe just on the price side of utility. I mean it seems like, obviously, there's been a lot of price the past couple of years. It seemed like the drivers of that was obviously metal -- raw materials inflating higher? And then also just supply couldn't keep up with the strong demand, but now with deflation and it seems like some supplies in a better place, allowing the channel to destock. Any change around price push back in the channel?
Gerben Bakker: I would say on the utility, we're not seeing it. And you mentioned a couple of things that caused the price, but I'd say beyond metals, just general inflation we've seen over the last year, just incredible nonmaterial inflation. And I think we talked in the past of what the pure commodities is and it's actually a relatively small part of it. The bigger part is the purchase components, the labor and all that has inflated pretty well. The other thing that we continue to have discussions with our customer around is the investments that we're making back in our business. And you don't always see that reflected in our operating performance or EPS, but the level of CapEx and the elevation that we've done in CapEx and other areas is an area that clearly benefits our customers short term and long term. So I think much more of the discussion continues to be around the value that we can add by the product and the services that we deliver than price first as a lever, not unimportant but it's not the leading part of the discussion. .
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Joe O'Dea of Wells Fargo.
Joe O'Dea: First question, I just wanted to ask if you're seeing higher funding costs factor in the conversations with utilities and their spend plans at all in your sort of comments around ongoing mid single digit growth doesn't really seem like it. And then just related to that, I think your kind of outlook for the transmission and substation growth to outpace distribution growth, maybe a little bit more context on sort of what's behind in driving that.
Bill Sperry: I mean I think on -- let me take the second question first. Transmission and substation growth, I think is being impacted quite a bit by renewables as well as electrification trends. So you need a new substation if you're doing a utility size solar farm that needs to be generated and then transmitted and then step down again, to the extent you had some kind of massive data center or battery factory, so electrification impacts like that that kind of increases the demand on substations. And in addition, you just have those 53,000 substations, you just have some aging equipment that needs to be updated. So it's not that that distribution has bad growth outlook. It's just that the projects on the T and substation side, we just think are going to outgrow a little bit. We did a little deep dive last quarter on that because we think it's an interesting little subset of the space. As far as interest rate impact on project management, I think, it obviously is weighing on people's consideration of cost of capital. And I just think the returns on their projects are just higher than the cost of capital. So we just -- we haven't seen the dialog step down because of interest rates but that means -- I don't know, we're not -- we just haven't seen that yet.
Gerben Bakker: And the other thing that will help is the infrastructure bills that are starting to come out. We're seeing some of those being released right now. We just recently saw money being released in those areas. A good bit of those are going into transmission projects that we've been following. So that gives us confidence that certainly over the more near term, that area is a little stronger. But possibly even to your interest rate question, I think bodes well for us going into next year, particularly the second half.
Joe O'Dea: And then just on the sequential margin trends in utility. I think clearly a mix impact with the comms and control strength within the power side and anything from a mix side there to be mindful of in terms of the sequential move, or was it really just the comps and controls mix?
Bill Sperry: Yes, I would say nothing inside of Power Systems would create sequential issues.
Operator: Thank you. I would now like to turn the conference back to Dan Innamorato for closing remarks. Sir?
Dan Innamorato: Great. Thank you, everyone, for joining us, and we'll be around all day for calls. Thank you.
A - Gerben Bakker: Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-07-25 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Second Quarter 2023 Hubbell Incorporated Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers' presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session [Operator Instructions]. Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded.  I'd now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Dan Innamorato, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Dan Innamorato: Thanks Michelle. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us. Earlier this morning, we issued a press release announcing our results for the second quarter of 2023. The press release and slides are posted to the Investors section of our Web site at hubbell.com. I'm joined today by our Chairman, President and CEO, Gerben Bakker; and our Executive Vice President and CFO, Bill Sperry. Please note our comments this morning may include statements related to the expected future results of our company are forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Therefore please note the discussion of forward-looking statements in our press release considered and incorporated by reference to this call. Additionally comments may also include non-GAAP financial measures. These measures are reconciled to the comparable GAAP measures and are included in the press release and slides. Now, let me turn the call over to Gerben.
Gerben Bakker: Great. Good morning, everyone. And thank you for joining us to discuss Hubbell's second quarter '23 results. Hubbell delivered another strong quarter of financial results. Our favorable position in attractive markets enabled us to achieve 6% organic growth, which combined with improved productivity and supply chain dynamics to drive significant -- and margin expansion in the quarter. Solid execution through the first half of 2023 and good visibility through continued strength in our businesses give us the confidence to raise our full year outlook again this morning. In addition to the strong finance results, we continue to improve our service levels to customers. Hubbell's investments in capacity, innovation and supply chain resiliency are enabling increased sequential output and improved lead times. Looking ahead, we expect grid modernization and electrification to continue to drive elevated demand for Hubbell's critical infrastructure solutions, both in front and behind the meter. We will continue to make the investments into our business to support this growth in the second half of '23 and beyond. Before I turn it over to Bill, to give you more insights on the performance in the quarter, I would like to introduce our two new segment presidents. You'll recall from our press release a few weeks ago that we announced Allan Connolly's retirement from Hubbell after 10 years of leading at Clara and in recent years our combined Utility Solutions segment. Allan's strategic vision and passion for innovation played a critical role in accelerating the segments organic growth profile, and I'd like to thank him for his many contributions to Hubbell as well as strong financial performance for our shareholders. I'm excited to share that we've appointed a very talented successor in Greg Gumbs to lead Hubbell Utility Solutions moving forward. Greg has a strong track record of leadership and performance in the utility, electrical and automation industries over his career, and his skill set is well suited to help us further our growth ambitions across utility components, communications and controls. I've gotten to know Greg over the past year and believe he will integrate quickly and effectively within the organization. His focus will be on driving profitable growth by building on a strong core foundation while innovating and expanding in attractive adjecancies. I'm also excited to announce the appointment of Mark Mikes to lead Hubble Electrical Solutions. Mark is a long tenured Hubble leader with a proven track record of performance and operational execution most recently in leading Hubble Power Systems. The strong results of that business over the last several years speaks for itself. Some of you will know Mark from our investor days over the past few years and he was a key partner to me when I led the utility business. He played a critical leadership role in our efforts to unify a broad portfolio of acquired utility businesses under an integrated business in Power Systems, organized to compete selectively with a simplified operating structure. As we continue our multi-year journey to execute a similar playbook in HES, Mark is well suited to drive sustained improvement in the segment long term growth and margin profile. Both Greg and Mark are well supported by experienced and talented leadership teams, and I am confident they will continue to execute on our core strategy together and deliver consistently differentiated performance for our customers and shareholders. With that, let me turn it to Bill here to walk you through the financial performance in the quarter.
Bill Sperry: Thanks very much, Gerben and good morning everybody. Thanks for joining us. Congratulations to Greg and Mark and on a personal note from me, very, very excited to partner with both of you as we drive to future success with Hubble. They're both off to excellent starts in their new responsibilities. I'm going to start my comments on Page 5 of the materials that you hopefully grabbed. It's really just a summary of a very strong financial performance in the second quarter. Most of the compares we'll show you in this deck are against the second quarter of prior year of 2022. We find it instructive also to look sequentially to the first quarter of '23. And I think that we see a lot of continuation of the positive trends that we experienced in Q1. And things played out quite similarly in the second quarter, it was 6% sequential top line growth and point and half or so of margin added. So a lot of the same themes that you'll remember from our first quarter call. You see sales at $1.37 billion, 9% growth with 3% coming from acquisition, 6% organic. The organic being driven primarily by price, which is a theme again you guys saw in the first quarter with us going back to last year. OP margin reaching the 22% level, a very attractive level, nearly 6 point improvement over last year, really result of the price cost being favorable as well as some productivity from the supply chain normalization of some of the efficiencies coming with that. Earnings per share above the $4 level, also very attractive 45% growth rate. That increase in earnings resulting being driven by the sales growth and the margin expansion of the OP level. Free cash flow of $192 million, really driven by the strong net income growth, and that number is absorbing continued investment in CapEx and working capital. So I think that we're very pleased with this cash flow, it's allowed us to strengthen the balance sheet. If you look at the balance sheet at the midway point here of 2023, you've got nearly $0.5 billion of cash, about $1.4 billion of long term debt. So our net debt to EBITDA being less than one, we think really positions our balance sheet to be supportive of being in an investment profile. And we think that can come both in the form of CapEx, OpEx as well as acquisition. And on the acquisition front, very pleased to announce in the second quarter we were able to close on our acquisition of Electro Industries, a very typical Hubbell size bolt on of $60 million. It fits into the utility segment, products are in the distribution automation area, sensing and controls, power quality, metering, fits very well with other products of ours in that space. So we welcome our new associates from Electro to the Hubbell family. I'm going to switch now to Page 6, which lays out our performance in this bar chart format, and we'll drill a little bit into each item. So the sales growth of 9%. We said 3% acquisition, 6% organic. The organic is really all price. Volumes were down slightly overall as electrical volumes were down and partially offset by the growth in utility volumes. We'll talk about each segment in subsequent pages a little bit more. The acquisitions from 3 points came from two major contributors, one from each segment, and I think a good reflection of our intentional investment strategy. On the Electrical side, contribution comes from PCX, which was a data center acquisition we made. We just passed our first anniversary of owning PCX, off to a great start, growth and margin wise. On the Power Systems side, Ripley Tools, very good extension on the component side for us for Power Systems. So again, good signals of how we intend to deploy our capital here. On the upper right, you see operating profit up 47% and above the 22% level. Price cost really the biggest driver there. And interestingly, both levers contributing to the margin expansion, I think you've seen our price story play out over the last couple of years or so. But also this quarter, we had material cost flipping to a tailwind, so actual deflation in both the raws and our component costs there, helping drive strong margins. We believe our pricing success has been driven by our differentiated service levels. We get consistent feedback from our customers that we're outperforming competitors in that regard. And that continues to inform us as we continue to invest. We want to push that differentiated performance and make sure we're able to support those pricing levels and continue to make our margins durable and truly emerge from the pandemic as a more profitable company. Besides price cost, there also was productivity. I think we're finding that our factories are performing better in '23 than in '22. Really as supply chains normalizing, we're getting a lot of those inefficiencies we experienced last year to be ironed out, and that's helping drive margins for us. We don't think they're all the way back but certainly a contributor. On lower left, you have earnings per share. Again, the $4 level and a 45% increase, really all operating profit driven. Below the line was a slight drag as taxes were up just a little bit, but that was partially offset by a decline in interest expense, really net interest expense as our cash, I mentioned we're up to close to $500 million, and that cash is actually starting to earn interest income to help offset the expense. On the lower right, you see free cash flow. This page depicts the three months of the second quarter, up 14% to $192 million. I find a little more instructive to widen the lens and talk about the first six months where we've got $272 million of free cash flow, which is more than a doubling of what it was last year, and that's been absorbing a higher CapEx level or CapEx for the first six months of the year. It's up about two thirds from what it was last year to almost $70 million in the first half as well as an increase in working capital investment as we continue to need the inventory to support our customer service. So I think given the fact that we're investing and increasing the cash flow shows a good relationship there. Let's unpack the performance by segment. And on Page 7, we'll start with Utility. Utility has really been the engine of the Hubbell enterprise financial performance of late. We think really a leading business model, unique positioning across components, communications and controls and very worthy of continued investment, as we'll discuss a little bit more later. So on the sales side, see 14% increase to $831 million. That's comprised of 1 point from acquisition, I mentioned Ripley Tools before and 13% organic. That organic is comprised of roughly double digit price and low single digit volume increase. And we believe we've got really nice end market demand construct here and it's really complemented across the two segments we're talking about here, the two business units between the transmission distribution components growing at 13% and the comms and controls growing at mid-teens. That comms and controls piece is the Aclara, largely the Aclara business. I think most of you following it will remember they've been held back by a shortage of chips over the last year and half or so. And as we saw easing of that chip supply in the second quarter, and for us, we got our comms business out of the gates first and they had a really strong second quarter. We see because of their supply now they had a nice backlog of demand from their customers. And with the supply chain improving on the chip side, we see a very good second half for the comps. That happens to be a nice -- a very attractive gross margin business, so a very mix friendly development. And the meter side, we see exiting the quarter with the same kind of supply trend. So we think meters will have a good second half visibility as well. So I think good news to see the comms half kind of returning to not being held back by supply constraints. And on the Power Systems side, you've seen that over the recent quarters really having strong growth. I think you'll remember last quarter we showed you a chart that had a three year review of orders and shipments. And that chart essentially showed a relentless buildup of backlog over that time frame that was starting to peak at the end of that period. And as we discussed then the orders were reflecting, yes, strong demand but they are also reacting to the shortage of supply and the need of our customers to be ordering farther ahead in order to keep themselves stocked. That obviously was not sustainable and especially in light of improving supply chain and shortening of promised delivery dates. And as we've seen those lead times start to normalize, I would say, in two particular segments of the components area, we've really started to see customers adjust their order pattern to reflect the fact that they can work off of inventory and can moderate their order pattern until that inventory gets to the proper levels. So that's both the distribution side of Power Systems as well as the telecom end market. Both of those have very attractive backlogs. So we'll be navigating a period of using the backlog as those order patterns adjust. And as Gerben had mentioned, in raising our guidance we feel that we've got the momentum to clearly carry us through the second half of the year. And on the right side of the page, you see the operating profit story, just a very impressive performance of 70% increase north of 25% margins. Really good price cost there, improved productivity. The factories are getting rid of some of those prior year inefficiencies. I mentioned the mix with Aclara has been quite favorable. And we are investing on the OpEx side as well as the CapEx side and we anticipate increasing those investments in the second half, and we'll talk a little bit about that on the next page. So Page 8, we wanted to highlight for you the transition space. And this is kind of defined more narrowly. As transmission, we often lump in substation here but this is kind of the more narrow transmission piece, smaller than the distribution side of the components world. But nonetheless, a really critical area to enable the grid modernization, hardening electrification and really getting renewable generation to the point where the user is. So we think the trends here are very attractive. We see long term growth rates in the high single digit range. Right now, we're seeing -- in contrast to what I described in telco and distribution, we're seeing orders and quotes up over 50% over prior year. We think there's some support here from stimulus packages, from government policy where IRA is helping spurred development through the provision of the tax credits versus the IIJA providing harder funding dollars to really spend on the project. So we think really nice growth dynamics in the area. We also think that we are really well positioned. We feel we have the best depth and breadth of products, quality and reliability. We also feel helping the problem solving and design area plays to Hubbell's strengths. And ultimately, to help with the complexity of getting material to these projects, I think there's a tendency to want fewer suppliers. So that plays very well to our positioning. So we feel very well positioned in very effective markets such that we'll get our fair share and at the point where that's going to require investment on our part to help support our customers. The graph is of the total Hubbell enterprise CapEx but you see over a couple of years, a very strong increase in that capital. On the Electrical side, going a little bit more to productivity and on the Utility side, I'd say, it's tending more to the growth side. And I'd say the distribution part of utility was earning the early CapEx raises. And now we're starting to shift our focus onto T, you'll see we've put a little plus sign to the right of the [160]. As those dynamics play out over the second half of the year, I don't think we would shy away from investing even more if the dynamics require it. We think we are -- so we have attractive growth. We're well positioned and we're prepared to invest to earn more than our fair share. As we map out these projects, they have excellent ROI when you just analyze the financials. But I also think it's a really good way for us to continue to differentiate our customer service and solutions that we provide to our customers, which ultimately helps support the sustainability of our utility margins to last just beyond a big quarter. And so that kind of underlies one of our rationales for continuing to want to support our customers in a differentiated way. Page 9 is the Electrical segment. And you can see 1% growth year-over-year to $535 million, that's also a 6% sequential growth, so a little bit better than typical seasonality there. The acquisition of PCX that I had talked about added 5 points. So the organic is actually down 4% and that included a mid-single digit of price. From a markets perspective, the industrial end markets showing a strong demand, I think the reshoring trend is providing strength in US manufacturing, oil and gas, steel and transportation, all being strong contributors to growth for us. The verticals that we focused on between data centers and renewables, we've been very successful growing there. And in the more commercial arena, we're seeing similar, as I described in the power systems where the D and the telecom customers were starting to adjust their order patterns. We've seen that in our Electrical segment on the -- more on the commercial side. And the customer anecdotes are suggesting that their days of inventory are getting in line with targets they have. And therefore, we may be we think nearer to the end of that adjustment period and our expectation is second half will be a little more balanced between book and bill. And on the OP side on the right, you see an improvement of 12% growth. It's obviously not the volume that's driving it. The price cost has been very positive and the productivity has been good right there. And I think it sort of points out where Mark is going to be focused with us as he takes over this segment. He was incredibly successful on the power side, bringing together multiple brands and multiple acquisitions to compete collectively as a business. And I think he'll be able to help us do the same inside of the Electrical segment, and we'll continue to support Mark in acquiring higher growth, higher margin businesses. We're going to be focused on innovation where new product development should come in at higher margins and the vertical focus can help us pull a lot of balance of system product into high growth areas and continue to focus on that productivity and try to, again, make those margins durable as we go forward. So those are the -- that's the financial performance in the two segments, and I'll give it back to Gerben to share with you how that affects our outlook as we stand here at the halfway point.
Gerben Bakker: Great. Thank you, Bill. And moving to our outlook. Hubbell is raising our 2023 outlook to an adjusted earnings per share range of $14.75 to $15.25, representing approximately 40% adjusted earnings growth for the year at the midpoint. We continue to project total sales growth in the range of 8% to 10% with 7% to 9% organic growth. Our improved outlook is primarily driven by improved visibility to second half margin performance as we expect to sustain favorable price cost and continue to drive productivity across our businesses. We're also accelerating our investment levels in the second half to increase capacity for future demand in areas with visible longer term growth, drive higher productivity, accelerate innovation and enhance supply chain resiliency. These investments position us to execute effectively across each of our strategic pillars, which are to serve our customers, grow the enterprise, operate with discipline and develop our people. I'm confident that our strategy will continue to deliver strong results for our stakeholders in the second half of '23 and beyond. And with that, let me turn it over to Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Tommy Moll with Stephens.
Tommy Moll: Gerben, I wanted to start with a discussion of the utility outlook. Last quarter, you highlighted the transmission and distribution space is a mid single digit grower, maybe even higher next year with the stimulus contribution. Today, you highlighted a piece of the transmission market as a high singles grower, talked about needing to accelerate investment at Hubbell in preparation for next year. If you roll that all together, do you think that utility should be up mid or maybe even high single digits?
Gerben Bakker: Yes, maybe I'll make a couple of comments, and Bill, I'm sure, will help me with this as well. You're right to point out the comments and of what Bill highlighted in transmission. It's an area that we've seen elevated investment of many years. It's probably one of the earliest areas where we really saw the Utility, started investing with renewables and the integration of the -- interconnection of the grid. We have visible signs of that continuing to grow, and it's the reason why we're so optimistic about this business. I still believe, if you add it all together, to count on mid single of this whole market is the right way to look at it. But certainly, we're optimistic. And that's why perhaps we make that comment is to say mid single digits and there may be times or pockets where we can grow that. But Bill, maybe you have something too.
Bill Sperry: I don't think I would add a lot. I'd say, Tommy, the mid single digit long term outlook is reflective of how we feel and we're getting really good ROIs on these projects. So we're going to continue to invest and grow with our customers.
Tommy Moll: Shifting to Electrical. Qualitatively, it feels like the commentary is about the same as last quarter, but I'm just curious if anything has gotten better or worse there. And Bill, you referenced the destocking is potentially shifting to a rearview mirror item by the back half of this year. But any additional detail you could provide there would be helpful, maybe any insight you have into the sell through would shine some light?
Bill Sperry: Yes, I think that you're right that it felt quite similar to the first quarter seasonal sequential growth. Even without volume, we're sort of happy that they're expanding margins. So some of that productivity work and the price/cost work is paying off. And I think as we spend -- Gerben and we spend time with CEOs and leaders of our top 10 customers throughout the year. I think when we were talking to them last year, they all use the word, we have too much inventory and we meet with them now, they sound like they're much closer to their target inventory levels. For the data that we do have point-of-sale add, it feels like what we're providing is getting sold. So it's just -- as we've gone through that adjustment, it does just feel like we're closer to that being in balance. And those are specifically comments to the Electrical segment. I think, on the distribution and telecom side on Utility, we're sort of maybe earlier to the middle of that side. So maybe they've been -- the two segments, Tommy, were maybe spread out a little bit on customer response.
Operator: The next question comes from Josh Pokrzywinski with Morgan Stanley.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Just want to dig in a little bit on commercial construction. It sounds like, I guess, the tone in the slides is moderating or moderate. Data seems like it's softening up perhaps a bit more. I'm just wondering how much of what you guys are seeing right now is more of a timing function or, I guess, prospectively, you're talking to distributors. Does this seem still more, I guess, steady as she goes here for maybe the next few months, few quarters?
Bill Sperry: Yes, I'm not sure exactly if you were making a statement or a question. I would say, for us, the commercial side, we reduced our exposure to commercial pretty dramatically as we sold our C&I lighting business. We have a balance that we would describe, Josh, as being more exposed to some of these specific verticals like renewables and data centers. The balance of commercial is where we were kind of going through this adjustment where our customers -- our lead times are now -- they were out at I'd say, Gerben, towards the 50 week range, and they're now down to two, three weeks range. And so that's had an impact, we think, Josh, ultimately on how our customers have been ordering for us for the past couple of quarters. And that's been affecting, as you see the unit volumes that we're shipping. But it does just feel like that adjustment period on Electrical, we're getting a little bit closer to the balance point.
Josh Pokrzywinski: And then just to maybe follow up on the M&A environment. You guys noted a kind of a typical Hubbell deal here. Are you seeing, I guess, the acquisition environment or multiples start to increase with kind of this broader appreciation for electrification? And then I guess maybe as a sub point to that, if there aren't really increasing, would you consider levering up a little bit more to just consolidate some of these assets with maybe a bit more value disconnect?
Bill Sperry: I think that's -- two parts to that question. The first is M&A market. And I do -- it is interesting, Josh, there are more assets coming to market than we typically see. And there's more assets kind of above this little average $60 million tuck-in that is quite typical for us. So yes, I maybe feel that is in response to owners figuring this is a good time to get a good valuation. And I think we see the competition in those processes. It's interesting, the acquisition finance market is a little bit different, right, you have higher interest rates and that's kind of affecting how some financial buyers approach the market. But we are seeing a little bit more assets kind of in the pipeline, which is interesting. I think your second question is around the balance sheet. And I think we do view that as a major strategic asset right now and we feel we can certainly invest aggressively. And PCX is an interesting one, I think because you were specifically asking about multiples. And so if we were buying PCX in the 12, 13 times range, we've had it for a year, it's both grown really impressively and the margins have done better because of what we do with it, and we find that we own it in the single digits. And so I think part of your question was a higher multiple, we think, can be justified given the growth and margin potential of some of the businesses that are put in. So I'm hoping not too many investment bankers are listening right now but I do think there's probably some upward drift in multiple as a result of what you're asking.
Gerben Bakker: Maybe to add to it just a bit, maybe the resource capabilities to be able to go at a faster pace, I'll make some comments on. And as I look across the two segments, I would say the GMs of the businesses are more involved than ever in this process, partially helped by the operational discipline that we put in place over the last couple of years. We've added resources to both of the segments of individuals focused on M&A, and that's obviously complemented by the enterprise resources. So I'd say not only is the pipeline fuller but our resource capabilities to pull some of this off is better. So I would expect that to be a good contributor for us going forward.
Operator: The next question comes from Nigel Coe with Wolfe Research.
Nigel Coe: So a couple of questions from me. One is on the Electrical segment and you obviously talked about the inventory, it sounds like there's a bit more visibility on that. But are you seeing any differentiation between some of the smaller shippers out there and some of the larger national players, and are you seeing the bulk of the inventory coming out of the smaller players? And then within that, are you seeing any big difference between sort of core components and lighting? And I'm sorry if I missed that in your prepared remarks.
Gerben Bakker: Maybe I'll start with the inventory on the distributors. It's actually -- it's maybe a little bit anecdotal, but also a little bit from inside, I would say, is the smaller distributors probably have felt less pressure to reduce inventory than the larger distributors, particularly the public companies that we saw that actually when the pandemic started that those may have actually been heavier on the inventory. They've kept those longer in place really to serve customers. I think the larger probably have been a little more disciplined in adjusting their inventories to the market when the pandemic started, and then now again adjusting after they've been loaded because of the supply chain constraints. So I would argue it may actually be the opposite, Nigel.
Nigel Coe: And then on lighting, any sort of differentiation there?
Bill Sperry: On lighting, Nigel?
Nigel Coe: Yes. I mean, lighting. I'm just wondering if that was disproportionately negative in that
Bill Sperry: So the resi piece that we still have did have significantly negative volumes. And so they were impacted on the top line that way. But interestingly, the productivity like we described, some of the supply chain normalizing, one of the biggest drivers for that resi business has been the transportation cost. It's imported product from Asia and those container costs have really gone from a pandemic [capped] out container cost up in the mid-teens of thousands of dollars back down to $2,000, $3,000. And so that's really, despite the volume drop, allowed that resi business to earn a margin again. So they kind of have two big cross currents there between volume and cost structure.
Nigel Coe: And then just my follow-up is on the transmission capacity investments. We don't normally think of Hubbell as a transmission player. Can you just remind us where you play in transmission? I remember you said the high voltage test business, but maybe just remind us on where you play and how big that business could be?
Bill Sperry: So the product line is a traditional one. So if you're driving on a highway and you look up at one of those steel towers and you see the insulators up there and the hardware up there, that's the part where Hubbell plays. And right now, if you exclude the substation, which we usually kind of lump in, we're talking in the ballpark of $200 million of exposure for Hubbell. So in the kind of 10%-ish range of the segment, a larger percentage of the kind of components piece. But we see that could be an area of acquisition investment, certainly capacity investment. And again, I think we see organic growth there, Nigel, certainly in the high single digits for the foreseeable future for that and continues to be supply constrained environment versus demand just because of all the, I think, the drivers for hooking up to renewables and potential interconnects between FERC regions, et cetera.
Operator: The next question comes from Joe O'Dea with Wells Fargo.
Joe O'Dea: I wanted to start on Utility and just -- I mean, you've talked about service levels being a differentiator for you. As we do see supply chain improving, just curious whether or not you're seeing some of those differentiation opportunities diminish a little bit, and maybe any sort of anecdotes as even when we get to sort of normalized supply chain environment where that service will remain a competitive opportunity for you?
Gerben Bakker: Yes, it's certainly during the pandemic, based on what customers have told us, we have outperformed. And I would even go back to say service and quality have been absolutely core. When I ran that business, I would hammer that day in, day out, week in, week out because I always saw that as a differentiator, right. On price, you can make a decision overnight to compete on a different level. Quality and service, that's a lot harder. So that proof during hurricane event, ice storms and pandemic, and so we again outperformed. But you're right to point out, as the supply chains recover, you see others in the market improving and getting closer again to our levels. I would also say, when you -- during this period, we probably gained some share. And once you have that, that's hard to give up, you'd have to actually underperform again. So I'd say we're able to hold on. But to continue to outperform on that level requires then us to just raise the bar. And part of the investments that we're making, part of what Bill talked about, investing in capacity and transmission, that allows us when the demand is up to continue to service. So being ahead of that, and we feel we are ahead of that, continues to allow us to raise the bar on servicing and it's a differentiator.
Joe O'Dea: And then I wanted to ask on the deflation comment where you're seeing it in both raws and components, specifically on the components side. Is that a function of efforts that you are making and going to market and any supplier consolidation is translating to some of it, or is it something that you're seeing broadly in the market on component deflation? And then related to that, I mean, historically, when you do see some of it, what would generally be the lag time before you would start to see that filter into the conversation around price?
Bill Sperry: So my comments were around the sum of raws and components were a tailwind. So I don't know, Dan, if there's a specific comment that components are behaving any differently. I wouldn't say it's the result of us doing something different. I think those are -- that's just kind of market pricing and reaction. And it's interesting how you're describing the relationship between material cost. And Dan had a page, I think, two quarters ago that did a nice job of showing our cost structure being about 50% driven by raws and material cost and the other half being labor and overhead and burden and other items. And usually, I would say our paradigm is to have price offset the material cost and our productivity initiatives to offset inflation in the nonmaterial areas. And so what you're asking usually, we would see -- if we were to see inflation in materials, if I'm going back three years ago and earlier, it would take a quarter or two for us to get the price kind of into the market to offset that. So that was kind of a lagged hedge, if you will. But I would say in the last two years, the pricing has been driven by lack of capacity rather than necessarily by cost. And connecting back to Joe, to the first question, service is kind of a relative question, right? You're trying to outcompete somebody else and it just feels to us like we're doing -- we're leaning in on the investment. I think we're finding this to be -- utility space to be really core part of Hubbell's identity and sort of leaning into that, maybe where maybe others might be a smaller division of a larger diversified company.
Operator: The next question comes from Steve Tusa with JPMorgan.
Steve Tusa: Congrats on another good quarter of execution. Can you just give us a little more -- I joined a little bit late, so if you already gave it then I can just go back to the transcript. But have you guys given the just price cost absolute numbers now, what you expect for the year and what that would be kind of in the fourth quarter? And then this Utility margin is obviously very strong. Any updates on kind of how you feel about exiting the year and into next year with this type of margin level that's now like comfortably into the mid-20s?
Bill Sperry: So let's start with price, Steve. And we talked about it being more than all of the organic for the quarter. So you're talking about 8 points roughly of price in the quarter. We're getting to the point where we're not pulling a lot of price in the last quarter. So we're sort of riding out and lapping the previous price increases. So one of the things that you'll see in our second half, as you squeeze the second half expectation that's embedded in the guide is the fact that, that price starts to moderate a little bit in the second half, and the cost is a little bit harder for us to predict. But it just looks like that dynamic will kind of on a year-over-year compare basis to start to narrow just a little bit. And so it gets to -- your utility question is related to that. And I think we're going to be doing some more investing, this incrementally in transmission in the second half. We're going to be investing in areas like supply chain resiliency. And innovation continues to be an area of focus. And so as we get, I think, to our third quarter call with you all in October, we'll maybe start to have a better view of what some of our expectations into '24 will be. But I think by the fact that you saw us raise our guide, right? If you go to our mindset in April when we raised our guide by a couple of dollars, we were describing having some second half conservatism because we just weren't sure what to expect. I think by our raise of $1.75 midpoint here to midpoint, you're hearing us say we actually see momentum that gives us better visibility in the second half and some of that caution has been taken away. I think maybe now you're extending that six months and saying, as you end the year with the momentum that you've got, ultimately, how will that appear in '24. And we'd really like to make those margins as durable as we can, Steve. And we're going to do a lot of work to try to do that and we'll be talking more about that, obviously, over the next call or so.
Steve Tusa: And any mix impact from the -- you're now kind of more bullish on transmission. I guess I view that as kind of like a bit more of a mid to late cycle dynamic as you come off the bottom in these T&D cycles. Distribution is a little bit smaller ticket projects maybe, perhaps. Is there any kind of mix impact from the handoff to transmission that we have to keep in mind?
Bill Sperry: No. I think I agree with you that the D is smaller projects, the T are bigger projects, but our margin profile is actually reasonably consistent across the two despite that difference. And we did see a mix benefit in the second quarter from Aclara comms kind of outperforming. And so that's sort of interesting to watch that trend. Just their gross margins are high as part of our -- relative to our portfolio. So if we can get some good momentum behind that, that could be an interesting mix contributor.
Operator: The next question comes from Chris Snyder with UBS.
Chris Snyder: I wanted to follow up to some of the commentary in the prepared remarks about customers on the utility side changing their order patterns. Should we take that to mean that orders for utility were down in the June quarter, and did the backlog come down alongside that? And did that have any impact on Q2 revenue or is this -- we won't hit revenue for a bit longer, just given backlog is still elevated?
Bill Sperry: The orders were down in utility. But as you noted, the backlog is there. And that gives us an enough backlog, not just to support the second quarter, but we view there's enough backlog to support the second half, which is really the underpinning of our guidance raise, is the confidence that comes from that. So I think it's just that adjustment period to us confusing our customers with really long lead times as the supply chain was impaired. And now that it's recovering in many places, they just really don't need to be ordering as far out and we're just going through that adjustment period right now.
Gerben Bakker: And I think the really the important part because this for a period as they adjust it makes it harder year-over-year. So if you think back of last year, during the first half, our orders increased over 50% and within quarter, 70%. So even then, we said that's just not a sustainable level. That's not a reflection of real demand at the time that lead times going out. So those are the comps to which we now compare. So even when orders are down, it's still at a very elevated level. Our backlog in utility came down very modestly last quarter. It's still well above historical levels. And the other thing I would say, it's very much timed to us taking our lead times down. So it's in the areas where we're taking our lead times down that we see this adjustment. So it's all as we anticipated and, I would say, pretty predictable.
Chris Snyder: No, I really appreciate that. And then when we kind of look at the guide, and the company is guiding utility margins lower in the back half than the first half, but still obviously at really, really strong levels. When we think about that first half to second half decline, is that just a function of price being held and costs going higher on the raws and the components? Is it mix maybe from the Aclara installations coming back or is there some expectation that maybe price will have to be given back in some capacity just because as like supply chains are recovering and there's not the same urgency to procure that there was a year ago?
Bill Sperry: Chris, we're not anticipating giving price. But as we go year-over-year, we are anticipating that price cost to be a little narrower. And we did have some mix richness in the second quarter and we are anticipating increasing our investments on the OpEx side inside of the segment. So that all -- is contributing, as you say, a high level of margin, just kind of off of a nice comp there.
Operator: The next question is from Christopher Glynn with Oppenheimer.
Christopher Glynn: So curious about Utility's kind of capacity to run fixes and upgrade and modernize on the distribution side. Is there anything in terms of plateauing and their ability to consume the products yourself? I know it's kind of a mixed sort of question against the dynamic of the lead time adjustments. But hopefully, I asked clearly enough.
Bill Sperry: I mean I think that -- I think what you're maybe getting at is are installers some form of constraints. And I think inside of utility, there is some degree of that you can't just add, but there are outsourced companies that are good at adding -- basically adding installer capacity. So I think the need from the infrastructure is there, Chris. And from being able to put mid single digit units hang more, I do think that ultimately that's what our expectation is.
Christopher Glynn: And on the Aclara, you referenced the gross margin mix favorability and I think total margin favorability. At one point, we consistently thought of that as dilutive mix within the Utility segment. And then we haven't had a clean read through the pandemic and more extended semiconductor dynamics there. So just curious what changed there that we're talking about Aclara is mix favorable now?
Bill Sperry: Yes, because -- your first comments were as they were volume constrained with chip supply disruption, they were sitting there absorbing all the overhead, right, and it was kind of a lower margin profile. I'm now really speaking to the incrementals of the comms inside of Aclara, which I'm sort of cheating and using gross margin as a proxy for that being quite attractive on the incremental side. And so I think all we're doing is talking about at a constrained volume absorbing overhead, not as profitable. Now as we add in a high growth area, the incrementals are attractive that way, if that makes sense.
Operator: At this time, I show no further questions. I would now like to turn the call back to Dan for closing remarks.
Dan Innamorato: Great. Thanks, everybody, for joining us. And I'll be around all day for questions. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-04-25 10:30:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for standing by and welcome to the Hubbell Incorporated First Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers' presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder today's program is being recorded. And now I'd like to introduce your host for today's program Dan Innamorato, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead sir.
Dan Innamorato: Thanks operator. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us. Earlier this morning we issued a press release announcing our results for the first quarter of 2023. The press release and slides are posted to the Investors section of our website at hubbell.com. I'm joined today by our Chairman, President, and CEO, Gerben Bakker; and our Executive Vice President and CFO, Bill Sperry. Please note our comments this morning may include statements related to the expected future results of our company and are forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Therefore please note the discussion of forward-looking statements in our press release and considered incorporated by reference to this call. Additionally comments may also include non-GAAP financial measures. Those measures are reconciled to the comparable GAAP measures and are included in the press release and slides. Now, let me turn the call over to Gerben. 
Gerben Bakker: Great. Good morning and thank you for joining us to discuss Hubbell's first quarter 2023 results. Hubble is off to a strong start to the year. Our first quarter results exceeded our expectations, driven primarily by three factors: stronger stick rates and realization on incremental price actions, effective ramp-up of recent capacity investments, and improved operational productivity. We are raising our full year outlook this morning to account for this outperformance, while maintaining a balanced view of risks and opportunities as we navigate a more uncertain second half. Our investments in capacity, innovation, and productivity are yielding strong returns and enabling us to effectively serve strong customer demand for Hubbell's critical infrastructure solutions. Most notably utilities continue to actively harden and upgrade aging infrastructure, while also investing to facilitate renewables and electrification through new interconnections and enhanced smart grid applications. We achieved double-digit sales growth in the first quarter as improved production output enabled continued volume growth, while leading service levels supported continued demand strength and price realization. Operationally, we achieved over 600 basis points of adjusted operating margin expansion in the quarter, driven by favorable price cost and productivity in addition to volume growth. While Utility Solutions continued to perform exceptionally well in a strong market environment, we are also very pleased with the operating performance of Electrical Solutions, which achieved strong margin expansion in a more modest market backdrop. We're executing well in our strategy to compete collectively as a unified HUS operating segment and we'll talk more about that later. Before I turn it over to Bill to give you more details on the financial performance in the quarter, I want to highlight a few recent accomplishments which demonstrate that our strategy and the investments we are making into our business are driving value for all our key stakeholders. First, Hubbell Power Systems and Burndy are proud to have been named Supplier of the Year by two of our largest electrical distributors in 2022 with strong demand and tight supply chains in the utility, T&D, and industrial markets, delivering on commitments to get customers the product they need when they need it, while maintaining consistent quality, reliability, and service is critically important. While the supply chain environment remains challenging, our ability to execute and our willingness to invest in production capacity and working capital has helped strengthen our long-term relationships with major customers. In our electrical segment, we're also pleased to have been recognized with Product of the Year award by major trade publication for two innovative product launches. EdgeConnect Screwless Termination wiring devices is a product line we launched last year which innovate on a 100-year-old product design, eliminating the need for installation tools and delivering 80% labor savings for installers. Burndy's Quickshear bolt is a new product for solar and wind markets, which eliminates the need for compression tooling and manual torque wrenches, simplifying conductor installation and saving the contractor time in the field. These are just a couple of examples of the investments we are making into innovation to accelerate Hubbell's organic growth profile in core markets, as well as strategic growth verticals. And finally, for the third consecutive year, Hubbell was named one of the world's most ethical companies by Ethisphere, a distinction that recognizes all of our employees for their dedication in upholding our core values each and every day. One aspect of those core values is our commitment to sustainability and as many of you will have seen in March, we released our annual sustainability report with refreshed multiyear goals to substantially reduce greenhouse gas emissions, water usage and hazardous waste by 2030. These new goals supercede our initial 2025 goals, which we achieved ahead of schedule. Sustainability is a core component of our business strategy, not just in our own manufacturing and operations, but through the impact of our products in making critical infrastructure safer, more reliable and more efficient. We continue to accelerate our investments in areas like T&D infrastructure, renewables, utility automation, electric vehicles and broadband communications, each of which offer attractive growth opportunities for our shareholders, while enabling Hubbell to further its mission to energize and electrify our economy and our communities in front and behind the meter. Now, let me turn it over to Bill to give you some more details on our performance.
Bill Sperry: Thank you, Gerb and good morning everybody. I appreciate your interest in Hubbell. I wanted to start by reminding us, when we were together in January, talking about our full year outlook. We established a couple of important components of a framework of that outlook. First was that, we were confident in our end markets that they would outgrow GDP, a function of some of the key electrification megatrends. We were confident that we were well positioned in those end markets with brands and solutions and people processing technology to continue to satisfy and service the customer. We felt that our pricing which is in response to a couple of year impact of some inflation had us set up well for 2023 with a couple of points of wraparound. And we also stated that our visibility to the first half was better than the second half and so it's important for us to get off to a good start and we were trying to be explicit that we had a front half-loaded outlook as a result of that second half uncertainty. And as Gerben had said my comments, I'm starting on page five of the materials we exceeded our expectations significantly in the quarter. You see sales of $1.29 billion, 11% growth was the sixth consecutive quarter of double-digit growth in sales for us. I think pretty good indication of solid demand out there. Right now that, demand is notably skewed towards the utility side of our business versus the electrical and we'll talk a little bit more about that as we unpack the results. OP margin of 20.7% that 20% level kind of a milestone achievement for us and really driven by some of the price cost drivers that -- and productivity that Gerben had mentioned. Earnings up 70% to $3.61, nearly $1.50 almost of new earnings generated versus the prior year period end. Cash flow this is typically a seasonal low for us at the very beginning first quarter, but a nice amount of cash being generated because of the income that we generated. So on page 6, let's drill down a layer into that strong performance. Starting in the upper left with sales, the 11% growth is comprised of high single-digit price increase and low single-digit volume increase. The volume varied by segment where it was quite flat in electrical and very strong growth in utility. The OP on the upper right, you see an increase to $267 million of OP, a 66% increase over the prior year. And again, at that 20% benchmark level. Earnings per share grew just a little bit more than the operating profit driven obviously by that profit, but also taxes were just slightly lower this period. And on the net interest expense line we have our interest cost in the form of our bonds are fixed versus the cash we have earns variable rates. And with rates rising, we earn more income so reduced the net interest expense. So you got a little bit favorability below the line and inside of earnings. And the cash flow there you can see the compare to last year. Right above it you see the amount of income becoming more cash flow. And quite important for us to have the cash to leave us in a position where we're poised to support our investment. We are keen to continue to increase CapEx. We think there's excellent growth opportunities for us on the utility side and continues to be good productivity opportunity on the electrical side, as well as to have more capital to support investing in acquisitions and we'll talk about a couple of the acquisitions we've done and how they're doing since we've brought them on. Let's unpack those results by segment, and you'll see different profile here as we go through. Utility right now is the engine driving the Hubbell enterprise. We find ourselves with a very constructive set of market dynamics coupled with a really excellent positioning and a best-in-class leading franchise that we've constructed over the decades here with components, communications and controls really from the backbone to the edge and a really, really strong franchise that's performing really well in these market conditions. So starting with sales, the 20% growth in sales to $782 million is comprised roughly half from price increase and half from volume gains. The volume was skewed more towards the transmission and distribution component side versus the comms and control side. We feel that the CapEx that we've been investing to add capacity has allowed us to grow sequentially and year-over-year. And that's been really helpful. I think besides helping us grow, it's helped us manage service levels. And the feedback we keep getting from customers is that, service level is beating that of the competition. And I think, those service levels in turn are reinforcing our value proposition and help us support a pricing environment as well as we believe leading to some share gains on the volume side. On the Communications & Controls you see 4% growth there. You'll recall that through much of last year that was bumping along flat. And so we may be starting to see a little bit of buying in the supply of chips, allowing those meters to get built and installed. And we're looking forward to more of that as we go forward. On the operating profit side, 87% growth to $191 million, you see almost $90 million of new profit generated by the segment, just a really impressive financial performance for them. You have lots of things going right. You have price and material being positive. On the pricing side, that's a multi-quarter trend that you all have seen. On the material side, actually a little bit new to see that there was actually some tailwind that came from materials as opposed to we had been facing inflation all of last year on that side, so both of those contributing tailwinds which as you see pushed up margins impressively. The volume that we enjoyed dropped through at attractive incrementals that helps push the margin up. And we've been talking to you about the impact of disrupted supply chains on -- impairing our productivity last year. And we're seeing some return to normalcy in some of those dimensions where that productivity is starting to come back and be positive, so a lot of drivers really helping lift the margin and propel the results of the utility segment. We thought it would be helpful on Page 8 to maybe give a multiyear view of how the demand pattern has looked and we've shared with you here a picture of the backlog. And what you can see is starting really at the beginning of 2021, a very significant and sustained increase in the backlog on the utility side of distribution and transmission components. It's obviously driven by the fact that the demand exceeded our ability to be able to make and ship a like amount of material. And one of the reasons we wanted to show you the page is we feel that that level of demand is not the norm and would not be a sustainable level over the long time. Essentially, I think we see their pattern was responding to longer lead times and the fact that we were in an increasing price environment both of those phenomena I think caused people to put their orders in earlier than they otherwise might, and that's evidenced and supported by the fact that there's quite a bit of content in this backlog that's dated longer than 90 days. And so what we expect is that as we start to get the supply chain normalized, get our lead times normalized and bring those factors down, we think we'll be enabling our customers to get their orders put in with the anticipation that get the material much faster. And so our anticipation is that the order rate can come down and we'll be reducing this backlog to get it back into balance and what we feel over the medium and long-term is a mid-single-digit sustainable book-and-bill order and ship rate. And so we really wanted to show you this page. It's part of what gives us the conviction to raise our guidance that Gerben mentioned at the top. We think this momentum you start to create visibility through the better part of this year. And so it gave us the confidence that we could give you that increase in guidance. On Page 9, we switch to the electrical segment. And you'll see very strong profit performance an increase of 30% to 15% margins, $76 million of OP on flat sales. That flat sales includes an acquisition of PCX, which just to remind you was a very intentional increase in our exposure to the data center space. That business is based down in Raleigh. And Gerben and I and some of our partners had the opportunity to go visit the team last week in Raleigh and it's great to see them fly in the Hubble flag at their facility and see how excited they are to be part of the Hubbell family and the greater resources that we have, which they believe is going to enable them to be a more capable competitor. So welcome those folks to our family. The counter is that the organic part of electrical was down a little bit. We saw softness in residential at the double-digit level. We had strength in our industrial markets and notably some of the verticals we've been calling out in renewables and data center and telecom. And I think one way in a time like this, besides the compare to prior year is to also look at the sequential trend in demand and sales. And typical seasonality for us is to have the fourth quarter lead to a slight decline in the first quarter of a couple of points. That would be typical seasonal progression. And the fact that it's flat this year is a favorable compared to that typical season and leads us to believe that demand is in fairly healthy shape there. But I think more impressive for us on the electrical side was the margin performance and similar to utility, very good price material performance, same improved productivity where the plants are becoming more efficient after dealing with some of the inefficiencies forced on them by the pandemic. We also thought on page 10, it would be worthwhile to show you how we are building around some of these identified verticals. And you'll remember at Investor Day and Gerben mentioned in his comments, we're trying to compete collectively in the electrical segment. And at Investor Day we shared some of the benefits of transitioning from a three vertical silo segment to a single segment. We think there's efficiency gains, but also importantly effectiveness gains. This is an example of the ability to be more effective. So we organize around the renewable in this example, the renewable vertical. And again to remind you, so this is solar and wind applications. We're not making solar panels. We're not making wind turbines. Our approach is around the balance of system of components that those applications require. And those balance of systems, can come from different business units across our electrical segment. So, the trick is to get the sales force to be very effective at cross-selling to get the marketing team, focused on helping to solve customer problems to get the capital flowing toward new products development that can come out of that improved voice of customer that the newly organized sales force get. And Gerben mentioned, a couple of these products but good examples of us being able to serve a vertical more capably when we compete collectively as an electrical segment. We thought it noteworthy to show you that in just three years at the bottom, we've been able to double our performance in the vertical to about $100 million of exposure and we anticipate similar amount of growth as we move forward. I think also think of this as a model of other verticals that we're intending to become more vertically oriented around, including data centers, telecom and electric vehicles, all of which we're using similar techniques to become better and more effective. So how does this performance and all that we're doing how does it compare to what we said when we were together in January and where does it take us as we look out? And to us important for us to share with you where do we see improvement, where do we see things the same and what is still uncertain. And on the improvement side, it clearly starts with the pricing actions. So actions that we were contemplating at the end of the year and implemented in the new year had stick rates far above historical averages and far above our expectations. I think it's an example of the channel really endorsing and embracing these pricing actions and that created a big improvement. Additionally, you recall our CapEx has gone from about $100 million to the ballpark of $130 million last year. We're anticipating taking it up to $160 million this year. Those big improvements in CapEx are paying off and our ability to ship more volume. And certainly the productivity that was impaired a little bit last year by our labor being not available on a consistent basis, materials not being available on a consistent basis and transportation likewise not being available on a consistent basis made it very difficult to plan and execute inside our plants. And we're seeing those conditions improve and we're seeing as a result productivity improvement. So all of that is causing us to raise our sales and margin outlook. What's the same is utility demand and the market strength we see continuing. We showed you evidence of that order pattern in the backlog page. The electrical markets continue to trend. And as we said, having a favorable compare sequentially to the fourth quarter, we think is a good sign of demand. And we still believe that we have a significant part of the portfolio is going to show resistance to consumer-led recession effects that includes both utility side transition and distribution components, but it also includes elements on the electrical side where both industrial and some of those verticals inside renewable telecom and data centers we expect to grow through any macro. But on the uncertain side on the right, we still have uncertainty in the second half. We think we see good momentum to the second quarter, which gives us some confidence. We still are working through channel inventory levels and making sure that what our customers have on the shelves is aligned with what they know they can move and making sure they have the confidence to keep putting orders in with us to sell through. I think the non-res end markets whether they're impacted by any macro uncertainty, again, we don't see signs of that yet. But we read the papers just like you all and know there are concerns out there. So that's causing us to have some conservatism as we think about the second half. In other words our guidance that Gerben is about to talk through is not the first quarter seasonally extrapolated through the year. It involves good momentum into the second and then some caution around the second half. So I'll turn it to Gerben to quantify our outlook for you.
Gerben Bakker: Great. Thanks Bill for those additional insights on our results. Hubbell is raising our 2023 outlook to an adjusted earnings per share range of $13 to $13.50, representing approximately 25% adjusted earnings growth at the midpoint. This outlook now assumes 8% to 10% total sales growth and 7% to 9% organic growth for the full year consisting of approximately equal contributions from price realization and volume growth. We continue to expect full year free cash flow conversion of 90% to 95%. This updated outlook incorporates a continuation of strong fundamental performance from the first quarter, while also maintaining a balanced view of risks and opportunities. It also enables us to accelerate our investment levels to support high-return capacity, footprint and innovation projects over the balance of 2023. We believe this balanced view should enable us to achieve our outlook in a range of macroeconomic scenarios. Not only is this updated outlook well ahead of our expectations coming into 2023, but it also puts us on the path to achieve our 2025 targets, which we laid out for you during Investor Day last summer two years ahead of schedule, all while accelerating investments back into our business and without substantial benefit from capital allocations. I am proud of our employees for the results that they are driving for our customers and shareholders and we remain committed to delivering differentiated results over the near and long-term. With that let me turn it over to Q&A.
Operator: Certainly. [Operator Instructions] One moment for our first question. And our first question comes from the line of Jeffrey Sprague from Vertical Research. Your question please.
Jeffrey Sprague: Hi. Thank you. Good morning, everyone.
Gerben Bakker: Good morning, Jeff.
Bill Sperry: Good morning, Jeff.
Jeffrey Sprague: Hey, just a couple of things. First just on utility. Is your remark about mid single-digit kind of the continuation off this new hire base, or do you foresee a time frame pick a year maybe next year where revenues actually have to sag a bit to kind of normalize things? 
Bill Sperry: I mean, we're anticipating it's off of the new base Jeff, but it's certainly something where we'll continue to be watching that graph we shared with you comparing orders to shipments. But there does appear to be adequate backlog to -- in order to continue to grow off that base level. 
Jeffrey Sprague: And then just on electrical margins are we beginning to see also some of the kind of restructuring and plant realignment coming to bear here in these margins, or is it just really more kind of a very favorable price cost dynamics and maybe... 
Bill Sperry: Yes, I would say -- I would say Jeff it's more the latter i.e. more of the price cost and productivity that I would call being driven by the normalizing of operations inside the plants. I think that some of the efficiency that we'll get through integrating into a single segment is actually still in front of us. 
Jeffrey Sprague: And I'll leave the utility question to someone else. Gerben, lighting. This would seem like an ideal time to execute an exit of lighting, while you're just crushing it in utility. I just wonder your thoughts on that how important the business is? Is there kind of a way to at least make it less important even less so important than it's been recently?
Gerben Bakker : Yes. A lot of thoughts in that one, and let me just maybe give a couple of comments on it. First, maybe just set the perspective on that business. It's single digits revenue part of our business. So quite small. It operates at the lower end of our margins and margin expectation. It's been particularly challenged the last year plus when container rates which this business depends heavily on escalated 3x, 4x, 5x. The good news is while volumes are down and the markets clearly and resi are down the business is recovering quite well with costs coming back in line. But all that said, we take the responsibility to look at our portfolio quite seriously and you saw that we executed the C&I lighting business. I would say that in our portfolio was much more of a challenge in what our strategy was going forward. But we're active on this Jeff not just in the example that you may get of a resi lighting, but other product lines skew actions. As a matter of fact part of what drove the electrical margin slightly better this quarter was a conscious decision to exit some low-margin business switched that partially to higher. So it had a net revenue hit by the net margin accretion. So I don't ever say, this kind of consideration is off the table. We talked about some of the areas that it does help us particularly with our digital strategy. But if this business is more valuable to somebody else, we would certainly consider our options. 
Jeffrey Sprague: Great. Thanks. Much appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. And our next question comes from the line of Steve Tusa from JPMorgan. Your question please.
Steve Tusa : Hi, guys. Good morning.
Gerben Bakker : Good morning, Steve. 
Bill Sperry: Good morning.
Steve Tusa: Can you just maybe give me us an update on some of the absolute numbers embedded in the bridge for the year price cost and productivity or anything else that on the quarter maybe just this quarter just absolutes.
Bill Sperry: Well, let's -- so let's start maybe with your first half, which was thinking about the bridge to the year. We had started in January thinking that there would be about two points of wraparound price. That's obviously improved. And as Gerben said about half of our new sales guide is price. So that's a step-up from a couple to more in the single-digit of absolute. And I think that's a pretty big thing. As long as -- it's been interesting watching the cost curves where we basically we follow steel the most closely, Steve, and copper and aluminum have behaved a little bit like it where you saw a peaking back in the fall 2021 and a troughing at the end of 2022 and then a kind of reinflating now in the new year. And that's kind of coming through now finally, as actual tailwind. But it's possible ultimately that that could -- as we're seeing inflation, that could kind of inflect a little bit. So, it's easy for us to isolate price, little harder to nail down price cost because of that cost dynamic. But I think that's the biggest, absolute piece that's in there. 
Steve Tusa: So, like I thought before, we had like a negative 90 of cost or something like that. I don't know, where -- if that was a number you guys put out there or not. But  so, are you saying that that's like basically price cost or the cost side of that is, now like just basically modestly positive for the year? 
Bill Sperry: It's -- we got it positive in Q1. The way we're looking at it, we're anticipating a reasonably flat and benign contribution, from the cost. So, it makes the price a little more drop-through rather than being absorbed. Now, you still have other inflation obviously, in nonmaterial places like wages and things like that. But the material and pricing equation has really improved, quite a bit. 
Steve Tusa: Your understatements are legendary, at this stage a little more I think, it's a little more than a little more. But the last question, just on the electrical volumes. Were they down like high singles year-over-year, in the quarter? And I guess, that's obviously, not all resi. What else would have been down to drag that down, or maybe it, was all resi. 
Bill Sperry: No. Resi  yes, your calculation is right, resi at double digits and being the percentage of the segment that it is, represents a couple of points plus of that. But that still leaves others. And so there was spots inside the commercial business Steve, where we started to reduce our lead times. And we started to see our customers managing their inventory. And kind of that sort of relates to I think Jeff's first question, right, where as the customer gets their inventory normalized, is there a period where you see maybe an underordering of a couple of weeks that affects things. And I think, that's what we saw in some of our commercial businesses.
Steve Tusa: Makes sense. Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. And our next question comes from the line of Tommy Moll from Stephens. Your question, please.
Tommy Moll: Good morning and thanks for taking my question. 
Bill Sperry: Good morning, Tommy
Tommy Moll: I wanted to start on your revised revenue outlook, so up several hundred basis points from when we spoke last quarter. If we look at it by segment, last quarter the call on the utility side was for mid-singles plus, for the year and on the electrical side, low singles both on an organic basis. You well exceeded that on the utility side and came in light on the electrical side, at least for the first quarter. So could you just refresh us on, what the full year framework is like on either side of your business? 
Bill Sperry: Yes, we've been quite careful to not reparse this framework into the two segments. But between them, we're thinking that volumes can be mid-singles. And I think that will be, obviously, skewed towards utility being the heavy contributor there.
Tommy Moll: Okay. May get a similar answer here, but I'll try anyway. Just specifically for your non-res exposure in electrical, if volumes there were down in the first quarter, it sounds like there's incrementally more caution in the second half of this year. So my assumption would be that your base case is for the volumes there to trend pretty consistently negative through the year. But if you could just comment there and also, just anything that's changed versus last quarter.
Bill Sperry: Yes. We're not -- I'd say, let me just restate a couple of things. One is, I don't think we are increasingly cautious on the second half. I don't think we have that. Secondly, I think that one of the interesting elements of seeing the electrical contract a little bit in Q1 is a function of the fact that they grew quite dramatically in the first quarter 2022. And their sequential ramp up from the fourth quarter, which, as I said, typically comes down, was up significantly last year. So we had this really hard compare, Tommy. And so, to answer your question, to me, it starts to get a little more reliant on sequential analysis and the fact that, we were flat from 4Q to 1Q suggests to me some favorability. But as the compare won't be as hard as we go forward. So, I think, that informs sort of our outlook. But I wouldn't say we've increased our caution in the second half.
Gerben Bakker: And maybe adding to that a little bit, just to give you some insight into the complexities that we're working through and the thought process that we are -- for this, as supply chain normalizes again and we're now seeing that in parts of our business, specifically in some of the non-res businesses, you're really dealing with a couple of things. One is, just by the fact that lead times coming down should allow customers to not place orders for a little while and then place them again. The second component that's going on at the same time is, when these lead times are coming down, the supply chain becomes more predictable. Customers and distributors don't need to have the inventory levels that they needed when there was a lot of uncertainty. So at the same time, we're seeing some of the inventories coming down. And managing both those dynamics is what creates some challenges for us to fully understand at what level is each distributor doing this; some are, some aren't. Are they really following the lead times down, or are they still nervous and placing out? So there's a lot of complexities in it, which is why we're taking a more cautious approach, kind of, going into the second half for these dynamics.
Tommy Moll: I appreciate it and I'll turn it back. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from the line of Josh Pokrzywinski from Morgan Stanley. Your question, please.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Hi. Good morning, guys.
Gerben Bakker: Good morning, Josh.
Josh Pokrzywinski: So, apologies, I missed a little bit in the prepared remarks, the call kept dropping. But I just want to dig a little bit more on the utility side. I think even at the start the year there was some signaling that maybe things could be a little bit better. You saw like the EEI CapEx forecast looks pretty healthy, which is seasonally atypical. But just trying to get maybe my arms around how much of this is customers kind of preparing to do work and maybe building up some inventory. How much of this is maybe stimulus-related something like IRA. Because we've been in this environment of grid hardening and grid investment for a while and this is just a big step function change. So trying to pin down how much of this is kind of episodic versus run rate?
Gerben Bakker: Maybe I'll start Bill and add -- I would say, if you look at the underlying demand in the utility, it's still very strong. And we've seen that throughout the last couple of years ramp up. And we believe that that fundamental longer-term demand what Bill talked about mid single-digits is still very much intact. Our improvement has been truthfully more driven by our ability to bring up our production capacities with some of these investments that we're making we're not able to ship more. You can see that despite all of those efforts with the chart that Bill showed you that backlog has still not come down, it's actually flattening a little bit and that's something we are expecting as we ramp up production in this lead times come back. And so I would say, we're still very bullish on the fundamentals here. I think the infrastructure builds are actually very early. We would expect more of that impact to come into next year and the next couple of years. So yeah, I don't think the increase is unusual by the actions that we're taking. It's just coming up a little faster than we anticipated with some of these investments that we're making.
Bill Sperry: I think Josh if you -- we were thinking it should be mid-single. If you take price out this is sort of high single to double-digit volume. So I do think can't prove this, but I think we have a little share gain involved in this. So partially, I think we're outperforming the market just because our service levels and our capacity is a little bit better because we've supported it with the investments that we needed to. You asked about projects which is an interesting question, because I do think the transmission side is quite healthy. Transmission tends to be more project-driven. It has a more forward look to it. But net-net, do I think utilities are like stockpiling long-term project partial inventories before they install it? We don't really see any evidence of that. So I think it's -- I guess I would say -- I'm not sure if this is -- but I would respond to your question saying I think the demand is a little bit stronger than the mid-single that we think is the long run. I think we've got a little bit of share and that's kind of working out to our advantage and is frankly compelling us to continue to invest the CapEx in the business because the margins are there to generate really good returns for this incremental volume that we can get.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Got it. Super helpful. And then just with kind of all the consternation around commercial construction. I know it's hard to follow every cable gland all the way to the job site. But any sense for what percentage of the business we should think about as kind of true new non-res construction versus something that may be kind of away from the commercial element or more I'll call it retrofit and maybe not as dependent on something like they verified.
Bill Sperry: Yeah, I think the answer to that is it's about two-thirds new and the balance is rental. And I agree, yeah, that's an estimate on our part.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Got it. Okay. Thanks all. I leave it there. Best of luck guys.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. And our next question comes from the line of Joe O'Dea from Wells Fargo. Your question please.
Joe O'Dea: Hi, good morning.
Bill Sperry: Good morning Joe.
Joe O'Dea: Hi. I want to start on margins. It looks like the guide is implying that margins for the full year would be lower than where you were in the first quarter. It doesn't sound like any of the commentary about the second quarter would suggest that we'd see something like that. So one just to clarify that? And then two, what you're thinking about in terms of the back half of the year and what could contribute to margins maybe coming in a little bit lower than where you were in the first quarter?
Bill Sperry: Yeah, Joe, so let's start with your first point, which is that we do see momentum into the second quarter that we think is first quarter-like in terms of that, so yes. Secondly, the way this guide works, you're right it's not just seasonally taking the first half and using the typical growth in margins off of that. So we've injected caution just because we don't know. One of the things we're expecting is to invest more in the second half and that will be a combination of growth investing in and productivity investing. But just I think we felt, we have decent visibility to the second quarter. And it feels like it gets more opaque to us. I think if I were to maybe rephrase your question and say if the trends continue as they are in the first half into the second, we would actually do better than this guide. So the guide is just has a cautious second half. We think out of prudence, we don't want to get our cost structure out too far ahead at the same time. If there is growth in volume there, we're going to -- we feel very confident we can get our share and more than that. So I think your observations are very accurate.
Gerben Bakker: Yeah. And I think as Bill stated during his prepared remarks, a little bit of the first quarter is a lot of things going in the right direction for us both the pricing that carryover the new pricing that we implemented at the same time that we saw some of the commodities actually going down. Some of that is reversing. So we're seeing commodities actually going up and that would be certainly a slight headwind for the second quarter. The other one is around pricing. And our view on pricing is that we've generally been able to hold on to it longer rather than shorter. I think in this environment that's particularly going to be true. But the magnitude of some of those price increases has us a little bit cautious too there. If materials stay down can you hold on to those prices longer term? And then the last part is around what I talked about of as supply chains come back in what happens on a more shorter-term basis with inventory levels and how to manage through that. So just a little more uncertainty going into that second half with some of these variable that has us a little more cautious. But, yes, it could be better. 
Joe O'Dea: I appreciate all those details. And then also just wanted to ask about, sort of, maybe more opportunities on the cost side when you talk about commodities getting a little bit better obviously monitoring that, but also just smoother operations. Presumably your suppliers are seeing some of the same types of benefits. And so just wondering how you're approaching that dynamic if you see opportunities to, sort of, go to your suppliers and sort of look for a little bit better kind of cost profile. 
Gerben Bakker: Yes, absolutely. We're active in that I would say not just with the supply chain, but we're increasing our focus. And this will be throughout this year this will go into next year on productivity to bring that to a higher level. We've really struggled throughout the pandemic with productivity. The factories weren't running smoothly and our supply chain was disrupted. So we're focused. And one of those focuses is exactly what you said it's going back to our suppliers and looking for cost out. The other thing that I will say in this goes in part of the investments and could go -- will partially go counter to what I'm just saying is we're also spending a lot of time to improve the resiliency of our business resiliency of supply chain. It's at the end what earns us a slight premium in the market. It's our delivery and our ability to service our customers. And we're doing quite a bit of work to strengthen that supply chain in cases reshoring it in other cases finding duplicates sources of supply. And that at times has a cost actually increase to us to do certainly investment with tooling, but it's one that will serve us well in the longer term and will help us taking some of that premium in the market. So a lot of work and works going on. 
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. And our next question comes from Nigel Coe from Wolfe Research. Your question please. 
Nigel Coe: Hi. Good morning. Thanks, guys. Thanks for the question.
Gerben Bakker: Good morning, Nigel.
Bill Sperry: Good morning.
Nigel Coe: I want to probably rethread some of the -- maybe re-ask the seasonality question in a slightly different way. Obviously, utility margins were gang busters. When you go back in time you'll see the 1Q margin utilities is normally the low point for the year. Clearly, the guide doesn't embed that. So just curious what could basically happen to materially break that trend in the margin? Is there anything funky or onetime issue in the 1Q margin utilities? Just really curious what are you seeing on the margin line for utilities as we go through the year? 
Bill Sperry: Yes. I would say Nigel, we really don't have a lot of noise or one-timers in those margins. I would say if you took a typical four-quarter Hubbell year seasonality-wise there's less activity installation of our material in the first and fourth quarter, and more in the second and third as a result of weather. And those volume changes typically drive incremental drop-through such that you get the pattern that you just mentioned. So part of what's different is we're operating at capacity right now, right? It's -- there's no -- there's going to be no seasonality in the sense of as the weather gets better we'll be able to ship more because we're kind of cranking away. I think the second is again thinking about price/cost as a net number. And we sort of had both variables break right here in the first quarter with price being very strong as we said the channel being very supportive. And materials a combination of commodities and components and PFR actually being for the first time in the last few years actually being a tailwind. And we're not anticipating that tailwind to continue Nigel. So, as we saw the commodities pick up starting in the new year we're thinking that will be inflation to us. So, it is -- I know what you're saying when you look at a typical year it has that seasonality and you think things are getting better from here to us. We may be just in a little more of a sequential kind of analytic framework than BPY because we're kind of building off the first quarter. 
Nigel Coe: No, I agree with that. Thanks for the color Bill. And then we talked about residential and commercial. Data center is a relatively small market for you guys but it's growing and obviously will continue to grow. What are you seeing in that market? Because there's a lot of chatter about weakening trends. Just curious what your perspective is on data center?
Bill Sperry: Yes, I mean I think maybe because -- maybe because we're small we still -- even if the FANGs are firing people, we don't -- you can read that as, oh man, they're not going to invest in data centers. And we just think they were maybe in the pandemic overstaffed themselves as the war on talent kind of made them all hire each other's people a little bit. So, we're sort of looking more as they're specking out these new data centers. I'd say they continue to revisit designs and they really are focusing on speed. And that's what they're saying to us. And it's possible Nigel that because we still are kind of enhancing our footprint here through better vertical sales force better balance of systems with products this new acquisition is giving us quite a lot of visibility at the front end of projects. So, I'm not sure if I'm saying we're bullish because maybe we're coming from a small share but it just feels to us like we see years of runway still and that may not be as much a market commentary as it is our franchise maybe.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Chris Snyder from UBS. Your question please.
Chris Snyder: Thank you. The company produced a very strong 35% gross margin in the quarter. I know that there is some seasonal impact and obviously very strong price/cost. So, I do just kind of curious what you guys think is like normalized gross margin for the business. And I also believe you said that relative to February, the expectation is for a bigger price cost tailwind this year. And that comes despite metal reflation over the past couple of months. So just kind of curious for more color on that. Thank you.
Bill Sperry: Yes, Chris. So maybe let's start with your price cost. Yes so, the pricing actions that we were taking at the end of the year that we didn't have insight into their stickiness, when we shared our full-year outlook at the end of January, it was a much better take-up than we expected and much better than historical average on price increase take-up. So the price side of that is quite a bit bigger. And then it really does dominate and overwhelm what will happen from the amount of inflation that we've seen in the New Year on the materials side. And as I think, Joe was asking beyond materials, we've got to do a really good job of working our suppliers and making sure that any lower material cost they got in 2022 that we're  that's getting passed through to us. So we've got to do a really good job to make sure that that cost side is managed Chris. But I do think  I do think that the price cost, which we had two of price when we last talked about this we've added a couple of points to that and that's quite meaningful.
Chris Snyder: Thank you. I appreciate that. And then if I could just ask one more quick one. For T&D, the expectation that there's long-term mid-single-digit sustainable growth. So I was just kind of curious, when do you think the business will kind of compress back to that level? Is that like a 2024 expectation or do you think you could still realize outsized growth even through next year as well? Thank you.
Bill Sperry: Yes. I think the  Josh had asked about stimulus and we're not seeing a ton of direct impact of the stimulus. Yes there's lots of planning around it. I think it is true that our customers are feeling that there's funding there. And so maybe in the absence of the stimulus Chris, we might see that mid-single digits maybe materialize in 2024. It's also possible stimulus will give us a little lift for a couple of years. But that's a  that's a little bit outside of our crystal ball right now.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our final question for today. And our final question for today comes from the line of Christopher Glynn from Oppenheimer.
Christopher Glynn: Thanks for squeezing me in and congrats on rocking start to the year. So just had a follow-up on the accelerated price realization in the quarter, particularly in Utility Solutions. There's a long-term dynamic where the utilities get rate increases to fund regulatory required CapEx imperative. So, I'm curious you're talking about expanding capacity a lot there. Is that dynamic starting to shift to you where utilities are kind of goading you in a sense to continue that capacity investment?
Bill Sperry: I would say encouraged, I would use rather than goaded, but we have strong to violent support from them that they're eager that we do that. I would say, they're backing that up I think by giving us a little more share in the short term, such that that's encouraging us further. But for sure, they -- there's even a case where Gerben can tell you, where he wanted Gerben to get into some lines of business that we don't even have, just because they're looking for the lead time management to get better and they're thinking that we could do a better job. And so, yes, there's a lot of what you're saying going on.
Gerben Bakker: Yes, absolutely. And the nice thing about our position in this is that, we have direct engagement with a lot of the end users, right? So we have firsthand insights and Bill mentioned an example of a CEO. That actually happened a couple of weeks ago in the conversation, but we have many of these conversations. So our insight into where the demand is up and how sustainable or not that is quite good. And that's why we're making the kind of levels of investments that we are right now in that -- particularly in the utility business, so.
Christopher Glynn: Thanks, talk soon.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude the question-and-answer session of today's program. I'd now like to hand the program back to Dan Innamorato for any further remarks.
Bill Sperry: Dan may be having a technical difficulty. So he would like to close the call and tell you all that he's going to be around all day and all week to answer questions as you may have them. So, appreciate your interest. Thanks for attending.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude the program. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2022 Q4  (2023-01-31 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day. And thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Fourth Quarter 2022 Hubbell Incorporated Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers' presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your speaker today, Dan Innamorato, Vice President, Investor Relations.
Dan Innamorato: Thanks operator. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Earlier this morning, we issued a press release announcing our results for the fourth quarter and full year 2022. The press release and slides are posted to the Investors section of our website at hubbell.com. I'm joined today by our Chairman, President and CEO, Gerben Bakker; and our Executive Vice President and CFO, Bill Sperry. Please note our comments this morning may include statements related to the expected future results of our company and are forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Therefore, please note the discussion of forward-looking statements in our press release and considered incorporated by reference on this call. Additionally, comments may also include non-GAAP financial measures. Those measures are reconciled to the comparable GAAP measures and are included in the press release and slides. Now let me turn the call over to Gerben.
Gerben Bakker: Great, good morning, everyone. And thank you for joining us to discuss Hubble's fourth quarter and full year 2022 results. 2022 was a strong year for Hubble, we effectively served our customers through a challenging operating environment, consistently delivering high quality, critical infrastructure solutions, which enable grid modernization and electrification in front of and behind the meter. We also delivered strong results for our shareholders with full year organic growth of 18%, adjusted operating profit growth of 29% and adjusted earnings per share growth of 32%. We began 2022 by completing the divestiture of our C&I Lighting, successfully positioning the Hubble portfolio for structurally higher long-term growth and margins. We also stepped up our investment levels to bolster our positions in key strategic growth verticals, through acquisitions and organic innovation, expanded our capacity in areas of visible long-term growth, and to improve our manufacturing and distribution footprint for future productivity. Importantly, we've been able to fund these investments while still expanding operating margins, driven by strong execution on price cost in the face of significant inflationary and supply chain pressures. Our employees have worked hard through a challenging environment to sustain a culture of excellence, delivering industry leading service levels for our utility and electrical customers, along with differentiated financial operating performance. The critical contributions of our employees and partners are what led to it highly successful 2022 for all of our key stakeholders. Looking ahead, we believe that Hubble's unique leading position in attractive markets will enable us to continue delivering on each of these fronts in 2023 and beyond. We will talk more in depth on our near-term outlook later in this presentation. But we anticipate continued market growth and strong execution, driving positive price cost productivity to fund investments back into our business, which will generate long term value for our customers, while delivering attractive returns to our shareholders. Turning to page 4, our fourth quarter results were generally consistent with year-to-date trends. Utility customers continue to invest in upgrading, hardening and modernizing aging grid infrastructure. Orders continued to outpace shipments, and we exited 22 with record backlog levels, which gives us good visibility to continued growth in 2023 though continued investment is required to address areas of capacity constrained. In Electrical Solutions, orders and volumes softened in the fourth quarter, as customers actively managed inventories and cash flow into yearend. These dynamics were anticipated and contemplated in the outlook we provided last October. Operationally, we expanded operating margins by over 200 basis points in the quarter. While the overall environment remains inflationary, using raw material inflation and continued traction on price drove a net price cost productivity benefit. Finally, we continue to accelerate our investment levels. Most notably, we invested over $60 million in capital expenditures in the fourth quarter as we're able to execute several large capacity and productivity projects. For the full year, we invested just under $130 million in capital expenditures, up $40 million from 21 levels. And we expect another year of elevated CapEx in 23 as we believe that these high return investments are the best current use of our shareholders capital. So overall, the fourth quarter was a strong finish to a strong year for Hubbell. Let me now turn it over to Bill to provide you some more details on our performance.
Bill Sperry: Thanks very much, Gerben. And thank you all, for joining us this morning, looking forward to talking about fourth quarter full year, and in particular, our outlook for 2023. I'm going to start my comments on page 5 of the materials that Dan referenced. And we'll start with the fourth quarter results for the Hubble Enterprise. You see sales growth of 11%, up over $1.2 billion, that 11% is comprised of high single digits of price, low single digits of volume. And one point from acquisition. We look at our sales performance through a few different lenses here. The first is against prior year. Theres double digit growth against double digit growth and last year's fourth quarter shows good compounding, and good robust levels of demand. We also look at it through the lens of comparing it to the third quarter. We're down sequentially, about 7% roughly in line with fewer days and the per day shipment level reasonably flat to the third quarter sequentially. And we also believe that there was some, the channel was managing their inventory levels and we'll talk more about that in a couple of pages when we get to the electrical segment. The operating profit on the upper right of the page very impressive growth of 27% very healthy margin expansion of two points to 16%. And when we look at the incremental drop through on the growth, you see about mid-30s dropped through which we think is quite good. Price is really a very important part of the success of this financial performance. The price is sticking, Gerben made reference to the critical products in our customers, adding to their structural solutions and having this sticking price is really helping us as inflation is continuing to affect us in the non-material and value added places. And when we talked about next year, we'll give you a little bit more breakdown about how we're anticipating price costs. On the lower left, you see earnings per share growing at 26% in line with the profit growth. On the non ops side, we had some headwinds from taxes as well as from pension. But Gerben had referenced that we started last year with the disposal of the C&I Lighting business and we use some of the proceeds of that sale to buy back shares, which partially offset these non op headwinds. The free cash flow, you see is down 9% That's -- that more than explains the CapEx increase that Gerben described. So the OCF side here is quite healthy, and we're being quite intentional. I'm making these investments in order to position Hubble for the future to be successful. Page 6, we'll switch to breaking the fourth quarter down between our two segments. And page 6 starts with the utility segment. And you see a really strong finish to an outstanding year by our utility franchise set up for success for 2023. You see total sales growth here of 17% to about $716 million of sales, that 17% of sales is comprised of a low double digit increase in price and a mid-single digit increase in volumes. Demand continues to be very robust despite high double-digit shipments here, we continue to add to the backlog in the fourth quarter. You'll see that the T&D Components, the historical Hubble power systems infrastructure business, showing the most growth at 27%. The trends continue to be driven by the need for grid hardening and for renewables, and continues to reinforce the shift that we've seen from mere kind of GDP type replacement levels of spending to the need for our customers to really upgrade the grid. And I think you'll see the evidence of our strong positioning, as utilities continue to turn to us with these critical needs. That's really helping inform and drive some of our CapEx decisions that Gerben had mentioned, to continue to support our customers here. On the Communications and Control side, you'll see a decrease of 10% in sales while demand was still strong. There are two drivers to that contraction. Number one is the persistent shortage of chips from the supply chain that's really preventing us from growing and that's been a persistent problem for the last few quarters and has kept our communications and controls business relatively flat. In addition, we had a onetime event in the fourth quarter where we recognize the commercial resolution. This was stemming from a legacy dispute that preceded Hubble's acquisition. And it became obvious it was time to resolve that so that we could move forward with a constructive relationship with a big customer and to our mutual benefit we believe, but that had the impact of driving down sales in the quarter for the communications and control segment. We expect this chip situation to improve during 2023. So while the quarter was down, we have expectations of the comms business growing, that it may still be a little choppy in Q1. But we're anticipating getting this chip supply situation to improve during the course of the year. And we're looking forward to returning that business to growth. You can see on the right side of the page, very impressive operating profit growth of 42%, adding three points to operating profit margin, up over 17% in the fourth quarter by the utility team. That performance being driven by price, which we've really needed to overcome inflation, as well as inefficiencies in our plans that coming from some of the disruptions from the supply chain, the mid-single digit volume growth is also dropping through at attractive levels. So really good year by our utility franchise, and you can see a good quarter setting us up for a good year next year. On page 7, we've got the electrical solutions results, and you'll see 3% sales growth more modest than on the utility side, but a good 60 basis points margin expansion, 8% op growth to a 14.3% margin. That 3% is comprised of mid-single digits price, and volume compared unfavorably to last year. We think that the fourth quarter results significantly impacted by some of our mix. So you see residential sales down significantly. So strong double-digit decline for resi as consumers continue to struggle with high interest rates. And we saw some growth in some of the verticals we've been investing in, namely datacenters, renewables and telecom and the balance being more exposed to the non res cycle. And so, we also thought that we were able to perceive some destocking activity in the quarter. We've mentioned this before with you all. Some of that observation is based on anecdotes and discussions with our customers. And other places, we have hard data where we can analyze point of sale and point of purchase data and see that our replenishment orders given to us or below what's going out the door. We believe that the way the channels incentives or structure, whether on the volume side those incentives may have maxed out, or on the cashflow side, where obviously managing inventories in December becomes very important to our customers. So I think there's a little bit of distortion in the fourth quarter. As we've seen the first several weeks of January, we've seen a nice rebound in orders. And so we'll continue to watch that quite carefully obviously. On the operating profit side, you see the nice margin expansion and again, price and material tailwinds enough to overcome the impact of lower volumes and enable us to operate very well through the operating disruptions, but also overcoming some of the drag coming from the resi lighting business. We thought to be constructive on page 8, to step back and discuss the full years performance and really illustrates some of the trends that Gerben highlighted in his opening remarks. Sales of 18% very strong growth, mid-single digit volume and double-digit price, very robust demand environment for us. You see the 140 basis points of margin expansion to just under 16% on the OP side 29%, growth in OP, diluted earnings per share growing a little bit better than in line with that operating profit and the cash flow being up 20% year-over-year, being held back a little bit with the heavy investment in CapEx that we had mentioned, as well as significant investment in inventory, as we continue to try to support our customer service, but you really see the trends for the whole year that have persisted strong demand number one. Number two, a tough operating environment where the availability of our people, materials and transportation has been inconsistent throughout the year and leads to operating inefficiencies. Three is the execution on price, which was excellent job by the Hubble team really required to counter inflation, as well as those inefficiencies. And the fourth trend was investment, acquisitions, CapEx and inventory all sources of investment. On the acquisition side, we closed on three deals in the year, we invested about $180 million to do so. We were quite intentional about adding exposure to desirable verticals that are exhibiting higher growth and higher margin potential than our average. So we added to our utility tool business, we added datacenter exposure, and we added a nice bolt-on to our [inaudible] grounding, business and connect her business that, again, is supporting high growth high margin there. So we'll switch now from 2022, wrap a bow on that and start to look forward to 23 in our outlook, we were proposing to go through this a little bit differently than we have in the past, we've got a little more granularity in our discussion of the different pieces and parts. So that we can help provide a little more context to why we're guiding the way we see it. So on page 10, we're starting with our markets outlook. And you'll see on the yellow call out box at the bottom of the page, a mid-single digit expectation of organic growth. And you'll see from that's driven, really by the strength of the utility business on the left of the page, those growth drivers remain intact. We see our customers continuing to need material, continuing to install it at a high rate in response to the need to modernize their grid and respond to renewable needs. We starting the year with a highly visible backlog. And in addition, we've got some support for funding from the policy side here and without line away where we believe that the IIGA probably gives us a lift of a point or two above what otherwise the markets who would give us. So we're anticipating the utility markets giving us mid-single digit plus. More modest on the electrical side. And we've decomposed our exposure in this pie graph here to try to give you a sense of residential, really, we think is the starting point of the cycle they're in a point of contraction right now, will continue to be in 23 we believe. Consumers dealing with high mortgage rate high interest rates affecting demand there, usually non res follows the resi cycle, and then into industrial. And you see, we've added this blue segment where we think our electrical business is exposed in a much less cyclical, much more resilient set of end markets, namely the datacenters, renewables and telecom as well as some of the enclosures we sell as connectors to the to the utility businesses there. So if we continue to believe resi will contract that gives us a low single digit outlook for the electrical segment. Our visibility, frankly is better to the first half than it is the second half. And we may even argue that the first quarter better visibility than the first half. So we've got a little bit of caution built in there for what'll happen second half in the non res markets. We also on page 11 wanted to peel back our view of price cost productivity. And at the bottom, you'll see we're anticipating about $50 million of tailwind coming out of our price cost productivity management scheme here, we'll start on the edges where it's a little bit more straightforward on price. We believe we've got about two points wrapping around from our actions we've taken in 22. And we continue to hear feedback from our customers that despite on time service being below where we typically are that we're still leading in those service levels. And so we anticipate that price sticking on the productivity side, we're anticipating in the ballpark of about a point of contribution from productivity. And this cost pie, you'll see we've disaggregated into two halves, the material and the non-material half. On the right, in the blue section, the non-material, mostly labor, and manufacturing costs, we're anticipating mid-single digit inflation there. Likewise, on the material side, you'll see that the raw materials were anticipating there to be benefits and tailwinds as there's deflation in the raws. But our component pie where there's value add is larger than that. And we're anticipating the same mid-single digit inflation rate there. So the netting of all that gets us to about $50 million. And on page 12, you'll see we're anticipating investing about half of that benefit in the future success. And so page 12 shows our investments, starting with footprint and successful multiyear restructuring program that Hubble has implemented, where we spent about $17 million in 2022, which was an increase from $10 million in 21. So our margin performance absorbed, extra expense in 22, we're anticipating to keep that flat in 23. So nothing incremental, as far as the income statement is concerned. But still good activities with good projects that typically give us we find in that three-year average payback range. As for capacity, we continue to find in the utility side and parts of electrical that we need to invest in our capacity. So we've got our CapEx has moved impressively from $90 million in 21, to about $130 million in 22. And we're anticipating this year up to about $150 million. And that ultimately results in about $15 million incremental operating expense, that we would add another $10 million or so of innovation expense. And those of you who joined us for Investor Day, saw some of those innovation ideas. And we continue to be encouraged by early results. But for us to get impact, it's still going to take us some time. But we've got a good business case of getting about 0.5 point of growth above our markets from those activities. So those pieces we thought we'd give you the puts and takes. And let Gerben on our last page kind of sum it out and netted out in our typical waterfall format that you're used to see.
Gerben Bakker: Right. Thanks, Bill. And as you said, let me summarize it here on page 13, Hubble is initiating our 2023 outlook, with an adjusted earnings per share range of $11 to $11.50. We believe this represents strong fundamental operating performance for our shareholders, and we are well positioned to deliver on this outlook in a range of macroeconomic scenarios. From a sales standpoint, we expect solid mid-single digit growth organically driven by 2% to 4% of volume growth and approximately two points of price realization. We believe this is a balanced view with good visibility into utility demand and less certainty in electrical markets at this stage. We expect the +2022 acquisitions of PCX Ripley Tools and REF to add an additional 1% to 23 revenues. Operationally, we expect that continued execution on price cost productivity will fund attractive high return investments back into our business. Our outlook range embeds solid margin expansion with high single digit to low double digit adjusted operating profit growth. This operational growth rate is consistent with the long-term targets we provided our at our Investor Day last June, despite the current macroeconomic uncertainty and a higher 2022 base following significant outperformance last year, and it puts us well on the path to achieve our 2025 targets. We expect the strong operating performance to enable us to absorb below the line headwinds from pension expense. And the previously communicated non repeat other income from the C&I Lighting divestiture. Overall, our 2023 outlook represents a continuation of the strong fundamental performance that Hubble demonstrated in 2022. With leading positions in attractive markets underpinned by grid modernization, and electrification mega trends, as well as a growing track record of consistent operational execution, I am confident that Hubble is well positioned to continue in delivering differentiated results for shareholders over the near and long term. With that, let me turn it over to Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Jeff Sprague with Vertical Research Partners.
Jeff Sprague: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Hey, couple questions, maybe mostly focused on the utility side, first, on the IIJA and thanks for taking a shot at that a lot of companies have not been able to quantify or are a little worried to try to quantify it. But the nature of my question is really how that interplays with for lack of a better term spending that would have happened anyway. You're presenting it here like it's incremental. But I just wonder your confidence in that. Whether or not it's just replacing other investment or using government stimulus to spend what was going to be spend, be spent regardless?
Gerben Bakker: Yes, I mean, I think, Jeff, ultimately, the dollars ultimately are fungible. But certainly, the customers, we've spent a good deal of time talking to have very specifically increased their CapEx assumptions because of it so. But that's so for us, it's important to kind of quantify it, though. It's ultimately contributing a pointer. So to a mid-single digit. So I agree with you there's a little bit of fungibility there at the end of the day.
Jeff Sprague: And then just on the on the capacity if, as you know, some of it is tied to efficiency and supply chain resiliency. I mean it looks like demand will stay at a high level, right, but the rate of growth will maybe settle down to something more normal, maybe it's mid-single digit plus for a few years. Could you just to address the concern that maybe it's the wrong time they have the capacity and how you see the capacity being used, or what bottlenecks that might be uncorking for you.
Bill Sperry : Yes, I think it's important that it is on uncorking bottlenecks. So one of our specific areas has been on enclosures, Jeff, which has been a really high growth, high margin area. And there are we feel very good that the return on capital of that is going to be because we have such good visibility on that demand is going to be there. So we were -- we feel real good about it and excited about being able to serve our customers better. And I think they're rewarding us relationship wise as we're doing that.
Gerben Bakker: And maybe, Jeff, I can provide to a little bit in addition to what Bill said and specifically he's referring to our utility enclosures in the utility business. But this is a business that and these are enclosures don't only serve utility market, but they serve communications markets, and they serve water markets that all have these applications. So it's not only do we see divisibility on the utility side, but these other markets have been high growth markets. So we're very, very confident here that this is a more sustained growth level. If you think about this investment, and we talked about this, this is a new facility that we're opening up in Oklahoma City, expanding not only the capacity of enclosures, but at the same time, we're consolidating some factories as well. So there's an element of productivity in these moves as well. So we believe and this is just one example of high return investment that we believe will serve our customers well, and will serve our shareholders well, long term.
Jeff Sprague: And then just one last one for me, if I could, could you just elaborate a little bit more? What happened with the Clara in the quarter, I guess, I tend to think of a quote unquote, commercial resolution being a cost item, not a revenue item. But the way you're laying it out, you're at some kind of adjustment to revenues, or headwinds to revenues. So they'll expect you to name the customer, but maybe you could give us a little bit more color on what actually happened and what you resolved.
Gerben Bakker: Yes, just the nature of it resulted, ultimately, Jeff, in the character of a price concession, so it hits the top line, and drop through to the OP line as well.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Tusa with JPMorgan.
Steve Tusa: Hey, guys, good morning. So can you talk about your price assumptions like first half and second half? You said, I think 2% embedded in the numbers. Maybe I'm thinking about a different call, I have been up five this morning. But any color on kind of that first half to second half price?
Bill Sperry : No, it's, you're right on the two. That's basically been layered in throughout 22. So as it wraps around, it sort of does have a tapering effect. But when you think about price cost, some of the commodities are coming down to and so really, how it nets, it does net a little more favorable early, in a little bit more favorable first quarter, first half. And but that's, Steve, ultimately, the net will be determined. I mean, we have a little more confidence in what we see in the price, but the cost side is obviously kind of what we'll have to react to.
Steve Tusa: Yes. And on the price side, I guess is there any, you're not embedding any quarter where it's actually negative?
Bill Sperry : No.
Steve Tusa: Okay. Where would we-- where would you look within your product lines to is the kind of canary in the coal mine on that front?
Bill Sperry : Where do you see the most price pressure?
Steve Tusa: Yes, where would you expect? You're not seeing it today. I don't think anybody's really seeing it today. But where would you be watching for that? Where would you be most concerned? If there were to be some pressure some pushback?
Bill Sperry : Yes, my guess is it would show up maybe on our electrical side, and maybe some of the more current, first of all resi products, there is sort of seeing contracting demand there with commercial that would maybe be most cyclical, responsive to that some of the more rough and electrical that might be where we will be paying a lot of attention, Steve.
Gerben Bakker: Yes, and I think it's less about that certain product lines are going to see more cost, if I think that's pretty spread. And especially with a chart that Bill shows the raw materials, actually a fairly small percentage. So I think all of our product lines are exposed fairly similar to that other inflation. So I think it has more to do with the market dynamics and if there is a potential slowdown in the second half, that could put them additional pressure and that would be in the more on the electrical side and the utility.
Steve Tusa: Great, thanks for the caller. As always, all the details are helpful and I echo what Jeff said on the IRA stuff giving us a little bit of precision on that versus other companies that you just say it's great. So we appreciate it. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tommy Moll with Stephens.
Tommy Moll: Good morning, and thanks for taking my questions. Also really appreciate the price cost productivity, glad you provided with all the details, especially because now we get to keep asking you about it.
Gerben Bakker: So we knew it.
Tommy Moll: But jokes aside, here, the pie chart is very helpful. And you called out two, and the larger two of the components that are on your cost side, you continue to expect inflationary pressure, but on the raws, obviously, there's some easing anticipated there. And my suspicion might be, that would be the most visible and most talked about from the customer standpoint. And so my question is, if you're going to realize the two points wrap, which is really I think, just to hold price through the year, have you had to reframe or provide any increased visibility to your customers, as you're facing more than quarters of your costs is inflationary. They're not going to see that as much. How do we get confident you can hold?
Bill Sperry : Tommy, we have to use very similar visuals as what we're sharing with you. And I think it's our customers are very alive, for example, to labor inflation and wage inflation. And so I think that they kind of relate to where they see the inflation. And as you point out, when you look on a futures market, and you see the raw metals getting cheaper. That's really only a small part of the whole picture. So we've had to have that be part of a conversation part of a relationship discussion, right. It's not pure transactional, it's not sending people letters ,right. It's about having conversations and sharing the kind of analysis that you're looking at today.
Tommy Moll: Appreciate that, Bill. As a follow up here on the electrical solutions, and market visibility you provided, it sounds very similar to the early peak you gave us for 2023 a quarter ago, at least in terms of the direction. But has anything changed versus a quarter ago? It sounds like your visibility is pretty limited first quarter, maybe first half? But is there any change versus what we heard from you last quarter?
Bill Sperry : Yes. I think the part that we gained insight was the inventory management actions that appeared to us to have taken place in the fourth quarter. And if those are the new, Tommy, you could argue it might be a little softer than we had communicated. And that's why it's so important to us to see the pickup in orders in the first three plus weeks here in January. So I know it's a month is not the largest set of data points, but at least it's been sustained through the month. So I think that those two offsets, yet probably do get us back to where we were when we talked to you in October. But they're kind of equal and opposite reactions, I think.
Operator: Next question comes from Josh Pokrzywinski with Morgan Stanley.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Hi, good morning, guys. So not to look a gift horse in the mouth with the IIJA disclosure and all. And I'll echo what everyone else has said on how helpful that is. Maybe just to wonder if you could maybe estimate IRA, is that in your mind, bigger, smaller, longer duration, shorter duration, like how do you feel about that relative to what you put out there with IIJA?
Gerben Bakker: Yes, I would say, Josh, the IRA impacts us to a lesser extent, but it does benefit us as well and here rather than direct funding, this is more about tax credits. But if you think about it, they extended the renewable tax credits for solar and wind. And that's an area that both our utility and electrical businesses benefit from the EV incentives. And while we're not directly in EV the balance of systems that goes around with this infrastructure, we benefit well, of as well. So I would say it does affect and coming back to it's so difficult to pinpoint what exactly what percentage of our growth will be tied to this. I would say it's helpful as well.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Got it. That's helpful. And then, Bill, your comment there on the destock. And then the order rebound. Seems like a lot of that is maybe washed out, but any more detail you can give on kind of portfolio breath that was impacted and sort of order of magnitude on size. Was it like, a five-point correction on inventory? Or like a 20 that came down sharply, and then came right back up?
Bill Sperry : Yes, I mean, I think it was fairly broad based. I think if you interviewed our customers, they were feeling a little overstocked. I think, Josh, some of that, driven by when promise dates were extended, they had customers who wanted materials. So they were just making sure their shelves were stocked, I think there's also been places where they may be bundling or kidding something, and they may have a decent chunk of inventory that needs one last part to the bundle, and then that'll get shipped. And so I think what we care a lot about is our orders going to come to a sustainable level through a nice, orderly overtime process as promised delivery dates get shorter. Or is there going to be something a little more sharp or reactionary. And I think through the fourth quarter, and now through one month in the third, the first quarter of New Year that feels, it just feels manageable. So the breath that you're talking about is preventing any real spiky kind of problematic situation right now. So for us the way that it's kind of evolving here is it feels manageable to us right now.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brad Lindsey with Mizuho.
Brad Lindsey: Good morning, all. Hey, I just want to come back to the communications controls business. So down 10% driven by chip supply, could you just talked about the timing of the chip situation improving, and really anything the team is doing in terms of redesigns or reengineering to help monetize some of that backlog?
Gerben Bakker: Yes, let me provide some content, maybe Bill, fill in as well. But chip availability has been the Achilles heel, throughout the pandemic, and we're all aware of that. So we pretty early on realized that there just wasn't going to be a short-term turnaround. So to your point of redesign, we have -- we've been very active in that, as a matter of fact, it's what had taken a good part of the engineering resources of a Clara to do. This isn't a simple chip replacement. And you go there's a ton of design in it, and then a lot of testing to make sure that this product functions in the field. So we right now have a product out in the field, that's being tested. And if that continues, as we expect, we will be able in the second quarter to substitute chips. And that's part of the reason we believe that even if the supply chain is still a challenge, we should be able to start seeing growth back into that business. And the other thing is we read about chip availability getting better. And of course, we track this very closely as well with our suppliers and it's really the types of chips that matter and we've certainly I've learned a lot about chips over the last year, but the memory chip, those kinds of chips that are used in phones have become much more available. The types of chips the microprocessor types of chips that we use in our products have been the one they'd have been still more challenged from our supply perspective. We do anticipate that improved throughout this year. And the combination of just a general improvement with our redesign is why we're optimistic and confident we can grow throughout 23.
Brad Lindsey: Thanks for that, I guess just a follow up, I imagine there's a lot of labor underutilization factory and efficiencies and so on in that business. Have you tried to size what that magnitude could be? And really, if you can uncork some of the backlog improve continuity of supply and so on what the earnings power could be as part of the clear recovery.
Gerben Bakker: Yes, I maybe thought more general into efficiency in the factories and certainly this business, it's felt that although to this business, there's also a component of contract manufacturing, that happens to a certain extent, and we're shielded. But in our business in general, that's absolutely a right common tomato with all the disruption it's driven, more inefficient factory and I would say if 22 was all about pricing and managing price cost productivity. 23 will continue to be that but a high focus of us in returning to higher productivity in our footprint.
Operator: Next question comes from Nigel Coe with Wolfe Research.
Nigel Coe: Good morning, everyone. Hi, guys. So just want to go back to the commercialization of Clara, did I get that right, Bill came through with a price concession. So that impacted the headline price in utilities?
Bill Sperry : Yes.
Nigel Coe: Okay. That's been, and I'm saying that about $20 million - $25 million. Is that in right zone?
Bill Sperry : No, that's too high.
Nigel Coe: Too high. But that would have impacted EBITDA as well. So that was both revenue and EBITDA impact, correct?
Bill Sperry : Correct.
Nigel Coe: Okay, great. Okay, this is my clarification questions. And then moving on to my real questions. So on the inventory, did you see that hidden primarily within residential products? Or was it much more sort of generalized immunity clearance?
Bill Sperry : Yes, I would say much more generalized. So utility, which is -- had very impressive growth, but we invested in utility inventory too right, so trying to, we're still going to have our AA items on time delivery, performance levels where we want them, Nigel, so that inventory has been kind of across the board. It's skews at this point, if you looked at our yearend balance sheet, it skews in a raw versus finished good or [inaudible] maybe that's obvious, because if it was finished, we would have shipped it but so is that still has to work its way through the factories and get converted. And so that's kind of part of what Gerben saying, we should be able to run the factories a little bit hotter and get some efficiencies as we burn through a lot of that raw material.
Nigel Coe: Right. Okay. And then just a quick one on below line item, I mean, pension in any kind of big swings on pension, and I think there's some TFA income rolling off this year. So in any impact there would be helpful.
Bill Sperry : Yes. So both of those you saw when Gerben walks through the waterfall, we've got this red bar at the end. So the nonrecurrence of the PSA is part of it and the pension, while we've benefited from our liabilities going down with higher interest rates, the gap between return. expected return on assets and discount rates it has narrowed and so that creates a cost headwind for next year, that's its pension that is not cash, but it does create an income statement headwind for us and that other.
Operator: Our next question comes from Christopher Glynn with Oppenheimer.
Christopher Glynn: Thanks. Good morning, guys. Just curious your thoughts on the acquisition pipeline, couple angles, anything in electrical or focused pretty much on utility and part of the thought there is maybe more premium on the utility side deals, but obviously, you can add lots of value. And also, should we be thinking exclusively along the lines of the typical bolt-on sizes?
Gerben Bakker: Yes, so I would say, Chris, the pipeline is equal opportunity. So two of the three deals we closed in 22 are electrical. So I would not think about it being exclusively utility. If you thought about activity doing 180, in 22, for me is slightly disappointing I would have rather had a fourth you get us into the mid twos as an annual kind of investment rate. And so we've got the cash to keep doing that. And I think the year was a little challenged for us in getting, I think, sellers to accept sort of the uncertainty of the macro. And so I think it was a little harder to get buyers and sellers to agree, at the end of the day. So we had a couple that we thought maybe could get done that ultimately didn't. And so we're looking to be more active. The pipeline, though, is supportive of that activity level. But you're asking about is the size going to be more typical traditional historical levels? I would say, yes. But I would think about there being opportunities in both electrical and utility, Chris.
Christopher Glynn: Great. Thanks for that. And other question was on the electrical margin. Historically, you have a little bit more of a seasonal margin tail off in the fourth quarter over the third quarter. But last year was moderate too. Are there any particular sequential factors that ease that? Or is the last couple of years really a better guidepost to your margin even historically?
Gerben Bakker: No, I mean, look, I think the seasonality can be driven by fewer days in the fourth quarter. And then if the weather prevents construction, right. Those are the two factors, I'd say. And I do think we've been operating with backlogs such that maybe you'd see less than that weather impact, maybe, but the days are there. And the electrical side has less backlog than the utility side right now. So I think the biggest sequential factor continues to be price costs tailwinds and contributions from that help lift that helpless margins.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Snyder with UBS.
Chris Snyder: Thank you. So guidance puts electrical at low single digit organic growth in 2023. So flat to up versus 1% in Q4, and with price fading, we think that guidance for volumes to increase from here. Is this solely the result of moving past this customer inventory digestion period or something else driving volumes higher from this point? Thanks.
Bill Sperry : Yes, I mean, I think that's a sequential fact from the fourth quarter. Do you think the fourth quarter is a little distorted by that? They're very well could be destocking throughout 23, though, as well. Hopefully, that's kind of measured. But I think that if you just look year-over-year and you go kind of high-end market, we're anticipating resi contracting significantly. That's creating ultimately a drag. We think those blue markets that line up, that we think are going to be quite resilient to a consumer led recession and some of the inflation and interest rate problems that consumers are having. We think those are a little more secularly driven right now and then the balance of non res and industrial we see industrial being in slightly probably stronger shape and the non res being a little more, maybe quick to follow resi. And so, I think we have kind of a range like that Chris of kind of confidence. And that's you'll hear us maybe be a little bit more confident in the first half a little more visibility and a little more uncertainty in the second half, I think.
Chris Snyder: No, yes, I really appreciate that color. And obviously a tough macro. But I guess just the follow up -- incremental -- for 23, I'm sorry, hearing background noise, and then also anything to worry about on datacenter or telecom. Some other companies have kind of flagged some slowdown concerns there. Thank you.
Gerben Bakker: Yes, but I think when you talk about datacenters, you think about the two segments of that market, the mega centers and being run by the fangs in the big tech world. And you certainly see them reacting with headcount reductions, for example. And could that lead to some slowing of growth on the capital side? I think it's, that's possible, and it could, I think, the telecom side, we still see the build out. So we're still, I'd say, in the medium term, we're both -- we're very bullish on both of those factors. Even though I do agree that there could be because the second side of datacenters, outside of the mega, all these colos, I think there's probably going to be demand at that part of it. So could be maybe a reshaping of mix inside of datacenters. And so I do think your questions important to figure out what net effect it has, but I think we're still anticipating growth out of both of those.
Bill Sperry : Yes, and maybe to your second part of is there further destocking? We would say that there probably is, especially if you look at sales, that some of our distributor partners are still struggling with getting supply. So they have a lot of the materials they need for project, they're missing something. And when that comes in, that will naturally cause inventories to come down a little bit further, we believe our products are less exposed to that because we've certainly performed relatively well through it, but we would say there's still probably some destocking in the early part of 23.
Operator: I would now like to turn the call back over to Dan Innamorato for any closing remarks.
Dan Innamorato: Great. Thanks, everybody, for joining us. I'll be around all day for questions. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-10-25 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Q3 2022 Hubbell Inc. Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers' presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Dan Innamorato. Please go ahead.
Dan Innamorato: Thanks, Lisa. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Earlier this morning, we issued a press release announcing our third quarter 2022 results. The press release and slides are posted to the Investors section of our website at hubbell.com. I'm joined today by our Chairman, President and CEO, Gerben Bakker; and our Executive Vice President and CFO, Bill Sperry. Please note our comments this morning may include statements related to the expected future results of our company and are forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Therefore, please note the discussion of forward-looking statements in our press release and considered incorporated by reference on this call. Additionally, comments may also include non-GAAP financial measures. Those measures are reconciled to the comparable GAAP measures ad are included in the press release and slides. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Gerben.
Gerben Bakker: Great. Thanks, Dan, and good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us to discuss Hubbell's third quarter results. Consistent with the first half of 2022, our third quarter result was solid. Our markets are healthy, our positions in those markets are strong, and we continue to execute effectively from an operational standpoint. Our third quarter results exceeded our initial expectations and we are raising our full year outlook to reflect a continuation of those positive trends throughout 2022. We are well positioned in attractive markets that are supported by long-term trends in grid modernization and electrification, which continue to drive strong demand for our products. Utility customers are proactively replacing aging infrastructure while investing significantly to upgrade, harden and modernize the grid, driving another quarter of strong orders growth and backlog build. The work that we have done to streamline our portfolio and the investments we are making in strategic growth verticals are positioning Hubbell for sustainable GDP plus growth as our economy becomes more electrified. From an operational standpoint, margin expansion in the quarter was driven by volume growth and favorable price cost. We have been active in pricing to address significant material and non-material inflation over the last 18 to 24 months. While general inflation persists throughout our supply chain, we have now started to benefit from easing in the portion of our cost base that is tied directly to certain raw materials. While the operating environment remains dynamic, we are proud of the way our employees have continued to effectively navigate through supply chain uncertainty to deliver on our commitments to customers. As we look to drive continued success on this front, I'm also excited to welcome Akshay Mittal to the senior leadership team as Hubbell's new operations leader. Akshay comes to Hubbell with an extensive operation and supply chain background across various industrial manufacturing industries, and we look forward to build on the strong foundation we have established while accelerating our efforts in footprint optimization, factory automation and supply chain resilience. Turning to Page 4. I would like to highlight a few of the key financial outputs of the themes we just talked about before letting Bill walk you through the results in more detail. In the third quarter, we achieved organic growth of 20%, adjusted operating profit growth of 37%, adjusted operating margin expansion of 190 basis points, adjusted earnings per share growth of 45% and free cash flow of $194 million. These results were driven by strong price realization and volumes, combined with easing material costs and effective operational execution. Overall, a very strong quarter for Hubbell and attractive results for our shareholders. I also want to turn to Page 5 and take a few minutes on two recent achievements, which really highlights the strength of our franchise in the electric T&D market and the work we are doing to support critical infrastructure needs of our customers. The first is our storm restoration efforts to Hurricane Ian and Fiona with our 24/7 Hubbell Emergency Action Team. Storms like these are unfortunate due to the impact on lives and community and they also put a lot of strain on utility customers to restore service and repair damaged lines. We are proud to support our customers in these efforts through a dedicated team that prioritizes these requirements and gets our customers the needed expedited materials to enable successful and timely restoration of service. This is a unique differentiator for Hubbell as we can fully utilize our industry-leading sales force, depth and breadth of the product offering and operational capabilities to effectively serve our customers when they need it most. Our people truly distinguish themselves during these events, which helps us forge long-lasting customer partnership based on quality, reliability and service. And on the topic of long-term customer relationship, we are also pleased to have been recently awarded the Annual Supplier of Choice Award by one of the largest investor-owned utilities in the U.S. This award was given to Hubbell for our strong service, not only over the last decade, but through the more recent challenging supply chain environment as our industry-leading scale and the investment we've been able to make in our business have enabled us to effectively deliver on our commitments. While strong electric T&D market growth continues to be a key driver of our success, we also feel confident that we will continue to outperform these markets as we reinvest to first to bolster our position. With that, let me now turn it over to Bill.
Bill Sperry: Good morning, everybody. Thanks for taking the time to be with us. I also want to welcome Akshay to the team. I'm personally excited to partner with him. I think we can add a lot of value by ramping up our operational intensity. So looking forward to that. My comments are going to start on Page 6 and really summarize the very strong financial quarter that Hubbell team turned in, in the third quarter of 2022. So on the upper left, we'll start with sales. You see an increase of 21% to just over $1.3 billion in sales. That -- 21% increase is comprised of 20% organic, 2% from M&A and one-point of drag from FX. The 20% organic is comprised of about a 13% price and approximately 7% volume. So, actually, quite impressive contributions from both volume and price, which will filter through all of our comments around our performance, and those are obviously comparisons to prior year. We find it instructive to track sales on a sequential basis as well. And for sales to be up mid-single digits from the prior quarter where there's kind of equal contributions to that mid-single-digit growth sequentially from both price and volume. I think that's a pretty good sign that we may be seeing some modest easing in the supply chain. In other words, I would say we were trying to operate at capacity in the second quarter, a function of a high backlog and the need to serve our customers who wanted our material -- and for us to be able to grow the volume part of that from second quarter to third quarter sequentially. I think there's a little bit of sign of easing across the availability of staffing, availability materials and transportation as well. So, as we think about the demand underlying that sales growth, I would characterize it as broad-based growth both Electrical and Utility experiencing impressive growth and inside of the segments, quite a broad-based contribution to growth inside of each segment. Orders continue to outpace sales, and we are building backlog through the third quarter. That skews towards the Utility segment as our Electrical segment has a much more balanced book and bill feel to it now starting to get back in line and balance there, which I think is also good news as we track. So, on the upper right, you'll see operating profit, a growth of 37% and operating profit dollars to $224 million and nearly two points of margin expansion in the quarter. That margin expansion is really driven by price/cost favorability and that favorability is needed to overcome the other inflation as well as some of the inefficiencies that the supply chain disruptions are causing inside of our factories. The results here indicate incremental drop-through in the mid-20s, and that maybe gives you a little bit of a feel for -- that's quite normal incremental. So if it was just price cost, favorability, I think we'd see better than mid-20s incremental. So you can see that we've really needed that price to help us overcome the non-material inflation as well as the other inefficiencies. And then in the bottom left, you see the EPS quadrant, a 45% increase to $3.08 a share. And that roughly $0.95 increase in earnings year-over-year is largely driven by the improvement in operating profit, but there are also some below-the-line contributions. Tax is quite comparable. We did some share repurchases with the proceeds from the sale of C&I Lighting and there was some slight non-op contribution as well. Free cash flow for the quarter, $194 million, extremely favorable comparison to last year. I think maybe more instructive to look at the year-to-date performance on cash flow, where we feel very good about where we stand relative to delivering on our full year promise, and we'll update you on our guidance slide as to how that's going. But we're making very purposeful and intentional investments in working capital, given the growth in demand. So both receivables and inventory are requiring investment for us to satisfy our customers. We also are keen to invest in CapEx and the flavor of that CapEx difference by segment. We'll talk about in each segment, but it's skewed in Electrical, the CapEx investing towards productivity. On the Utility side, the CapEx is skewed towards expansion and capacity. So a very strong performance. And I'd like to now unpack that by segment. On Page 7, let's start with the Utility Solutions segment and just a really strong quarter turned in by our Utility franchise performing extremely well in these market conditions. You can see sales increasing 29% and operating profit dollars up 53% on with nearly three points of margin expansion. So very, very strong performance from the segment. Let's look at sales a little more closely. You see a 29% increase to $775 million. That's really mostly organic, small 1% contribution from acquisitions. I ordinarily would like to tell you a lot about the acquisitions. Ripley Tools is new to the portfolio, is performing extremely well, but you can see kind of pales in comparison to what's going on organically. And that organic performance, I would say, is comprised of volumes in the low double-digit range and price in the mid-teens range to get to that 28% organic. So very, very healthy market conditions there as well as a testament to our very, very strong positioning in those -- in this attractive market. The growth is really skewed towards the T&D Components rather than towards the comms and controls. We had 38% growth from the T&D Components. Gerben highlighted the trends there, really have aging infrastructure that requires upgrades and hardening. We have -- the move towards renewables and that -- those new sources of generation need to be transmitted, need to be distributed and need to be integrated into the system and certainly modernizing with smarter and more controls, all of which being supported by some infrastructure legislation that I think is giving our customers the confidence that there's funding for their demand. The communications & controls side, you see up a more modest 3% and that's really being skewed towards the automation controls area, which is up double digits as the comms component still being constrained by the lack of chip availability. So while we see healthy demand, we're having a lot of trouble satisfying that demand. On the operations side, I see a 50% improvement in operating profit dollars, very impressive performance to $144 million and the three points of margin expansion. Price and material being a strong contributor, but let's not lose sight of the fact that we've got double-digit volume, and that provides obviously good operating leverage lift and incrementals. And at the same time, there are headwinds coming from non-material inflation and just supply chain inefficiencies, but net-net, really strong contribution from our Utility segment. On Page 8, we unpack the Electrical Solutions segment. Also strong performance, albeit not at the same high levels, but you see -- see an impressive 12% growth to $542 million in sales. That's comprised of low single digits in unit volume and high single digit in price. So, I think you'll remember that our Electrical team started pulling price a little sooner than our Utility team and so see the Utility team experiencing higher price now as it came on a little bit later. The demand here is broad-based across various product lines and across various end markets. The exception is the resi market, where we're experiencing double-digit contraction and thinking about order of magnitude, about 15% of the segment being down double digits, gives us a couple of points of drag in this segment from that resi market. But some of the verticals, namely data centers, renewables and comms, performing very well and the industrial markets also doing very well, both on the light and the heavy side, so again, broad-based support for that 12% growth ex resi. And on the right side, you see quite a nice improvement in operating profit of 15% to $80 million. You see the margin expansion of 30 bps driven by the price material favorability and the volume growth with the supply chain creating -- and headwinds along with non-material inflation. I think it's worth a little bit commenting on orders here. We've had orders in line with sales, so balanced between book and bill. We get a lot of questions from investors if we have seen slowing here in the order pattern? And we have not. We -- but we're obviously very aware of what's happening to the consumer out there. And so that's causing us to watch our order pattern very carefully. It's causing us to invest in productivity, and it's causing us to contingency plan in case we do see a slowdown. As we think about watching carefully, it's become -- it will become a little challenging as we get closer to year-end, customer behavior in a year like this can get distorted. They each have incentive plans with their employers. It's very common for those incentive plans for the executives to have growth component as well as an inventory component. And in a year when people have reached their growth targets, they can switch towards managing inventories down. So, it's not unusual in a year like this for us to see kind of distorted year-end order pattern. So as we watch orders, we have to be careful not to overreact to one week or one month and be thoughtful and understand exactly what we're seeing, but again, for now, not seeing any slowdown. We also said we're investing in productivity. And you can see that -- on the right side, in the last bullet, we've had extra investing in productivity and restructuring in this segment. That's caused about an 80-point drag in margin. So there -- had we not been doing that investing you'd have seen a better margin expansion. But I think investments in both automation and footprint consolidation that we're doing there, proving to be very important for a successful future in the segment. So on Page 9, I wanted to transition to how the two segments performance, which you just discussed as influenced our view of the outlook for the balance of '22. And based on our better-than-expected performance in Q3 which we had talked about that a couple of weeks ago or last month in Laguna. We outperformed our expectations and are thus raising our guidance. The effect of that is to take EPS from a previous range of $940 million to $980 million and we're taking that up to $10.25 to $10.45. That's really been a consistent outperformance throughout the year. Qs one, two and three, all showing both volume and maybe even especially price being able to do better than expected. If you look at the left-hand column on Page 9, we started the year with expectations of 8% to 10% sales growth which was centered at four points of volume and five points of price. And we've done considerably better than that on price and better on volume as well. And that's kind of been consistently shown throughout the quarters of the year. And as you look at -- I like this visual of our performance because you can see that the volume is dropping through and adding nicely to last year's level of EPS. But you can really see how important our pricing strategy has been in order to get price to overcome the costs in any of the inefficiencies. Good to see the M&A program when we had a couple of additions during the second quarter. In the form of PCX, which is a data center business performing really, really nicely since we've owned it. Ripley Tools on the Utility side, extending our brands there also performing really well. So good to see them, contribute to earnings this year. And since they were midyear acquisitions, they'll contribute incrementally next year as well. I think important to note, we're not harvesting all of the earnings we could. We continue to believe it's really important to invest to make sure our future success is as bright as it can be. And the three principal areas there include productivity. That's as I said, automation and plant consolidation. It's capacity additions in the Utility segment, and there's innovation spending across both segments that we're trying to accelerate our new product development growth and allow us to outperform our end markets and do better in the future. The non-op items are offsetting here where some share repurchases and other income are offset by higher taxes, slightly higher taxes. And I'd add at the bottom, our free cash flow we had been centered at a 95% conversion rate and as the growth has exceeded our expectations, we believe we need to invest more heavily in inventory and receivables to support our customers. We also feel the need to invest in CapEx. And so, we're bringing that free cash flow down around 90% conversion. But with the increase in earnings, we're going to get to the dollars we are expecting in -- we just had a lower conversion rate. And I think as we get to next year, we'd probably be able to manage the working capital accounts on the balance sheet more efficiently and continue to improve on our customer service. So, we've got some nice trends that we think we're finishing the year with, and I'll hand it to Gerben to talk about how that informs our outlook for next year.
Gerben Bakker: Yes, Great. Thanks, Bill. And before we turn it over to Q&A, we wanted to provide some initial thoughts on our setup into 2023, and Hubbell is planning to deliver continued attractive results for our shareholders. While the macro environment remains uncertain headed into next year, we are confident that our markets are well positioned to continue outperforming GDP. In Utility Solutions, we believe there is still plenty of runway and above average visibility to continued growth driven by long-term grid modernization trends. In Electrical Solutions, we expect residential markets to remain challenging but we believe that the 20% of segment revenues exposed to our strategic growth verticals in T&D, renewables, data centers and communications should prove resilient to cyclical dynamics. Operationally, while commodity prices have eased, we are planning for general inflationary and supply chain pressures to persist. We will continue to manage price and actively drive productivity to come out net neutral or better relative to our overall cost base. We also plan to continue reinvesting in our business to deliver long-term growth and productivity. In Utility Solutions, we plan to invest in capacity expansion to service a visible long-term growth profile. As we have highlighted in the past, the inflection in T&D markets from a low single-digit growth to mid-single-digit growth over the past several years has caused us to bump against capacity constraints in certain key product lines. Looking ahead, we see a unique opportunity to further strengthen our position and better support visible customer investment plans by executing on high-return expansion and innovation projects. In Electrical Solutions, we plan to maintain elevated investment levels to support footprint optimization projects as we continue our multiyear journey as a unified operating segment with structurally higher long-term margin profile. The net of these early considerations for next year and acknowledging that there remains a lot of uncertainty is that we are expecting to deliver solid performance in 2023 and across a range of macroeconomic scenarios. We plan to provide a more detailed '23 outlook on our typical cadence along the release and discussion of our fourth quarter earnings results. With that, let me now turn it over to Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Coming to the stage now we have Jeffrey Bradley of Vertical Research Partners. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Jeffrey Sprague: This is Jeffrey Sprague from Vertical. That introduction broke up a little bit. Maybe just start big picture, Gerben, actually, just on kind of the operational plan and people you've had some movement at the senior levels with Susan and Peter Lau moving and then Akshay in. Is there a fundamental change in your kind of operational priorities or some kind of change in what you're kind of expecting to deliver relative to maybe some of those longer-term plans that you've put out before?
Gerben Bakker: Yes, I'd say, Jeff, the short answer to that is absolutely not. Certainly, I'm not going to comment on specific personnel matters. But as you look at the environment, generally, it's an environment in our organization, many organizations of higher turnover. And I would say that while we've lost people, we've also attracted very talented people. I think we're actually in a very good position. If you look at the strength of our business where we play the markets that we're in and the potential of this business as we look to bring on people and Akshay is a good example of that, they're very attractive to join a company like Hubbell. So, I'd say it's part of what us and many others are just dealing with, but we are continuing to be able to attract good talent to Hubbell and continue to develop talent within Hubbell. I'd say to the second question of is this somehow an indication on our strategy. The answer is no. And in Akshay's case, it's refilling, backfilling that position. There's a lot of work you heard Bill talk about particularly in the Electrical segment, what we need to do still on our footprint. But equally, in the Utility business as we look to expand capacity, there's a lot of operational execution in those things as well. If you look specifically at the strategy on our two segments, it's something that we started to put in place, if you recall when I was COO. It was a model after the Utility business where we proved that to be very successful in bringing all those brands under a common structure. So, I would say a couple of years into that. I feel really good where we stand. There's still a lot of work to be done. And even as I've spent a little more time with those GMs here, as I kind of overlook at that business, why we look for a new leader there. I'm really impressed with the talent there. And so I'm very bullish on being able to execute that strategy in unifying that segment, and that will lead to a higher margin profile for that business going forward. And I think growth that we're also seeing that we'll be able to get out of that by operating more as a unified segment. So reinforcement to my answer of no.
Jeffrey Sprague: Okay. I appreciate that. Maybe just then on Utilities, sort of maybe a two-part question really. First, was there a measurable storm impact in the quarter on the top line? And maybe more significantly, just on comms and controls and Aclara. What is the visibility on potentially uncorking this and getting around some of these shortages and driving some growth there? Obviously, it sounds like you expect T&D Components to still be strong in the next year. But your comp is tough, right? It would be nice to see Aclara finally catch a little bit of a tailwind there and begin to kind of fill in the blanks a little bit.
Gerben Bakker: Yes. Yes. Great. Let me answer the first one and maybe hand to Bill the second question. Clearly, there was an impact of storm. I highlighted that in actually highlighting our team that really supports those efforts. If you look at the order impact, it was about $15 million, 1-5 million as a result of those two stores, that straddles a little bit. If you recall, the last one of those hit right at the end of the quarter. So that straddles a little bit -- two quarters. So certainly, there is always an impact to our business when we service that. As I've said, though, in the past, if you look at our overall business, it's less of a driver of growth than it is for us an opportunity to showcase to our customers. Why they do business with us? Why we matter to them? Because that's really where we shine is how we take an even during a time when our capacity is constrained, we really go above and beyond to service those customers with needed materials to rebuild the grid. So, a little bit of an impact to sales, but I'd say, more importantly, an opportunity for us to showcase our capabilities. And Bill, maybe, if you...
Bill Sperry: The second half of Jeff's question was around Aclara visibility. And I would say, Jeff, the first nine months were challenging for us to see the value proposition of the solution of the smart meter have great resonance with the customer base have so much demand there and yet perhaps the supply chain struggle to support that has been challenging. So your question is now around visibility going forward, and there's kind of two dimensions to it. One is chip supply loosen up here as we've seen some demand for consumer electronics start to slack in and we think that will evidence itself. And secondly, we have been spending a lot of time trying to validate alternative sources for the technology, and we're making progress on that. And so between those two avenues, we're hoping by the time we get together with you in January to talk more quantitatively about 2023. We'll be able to give you a more quantitative assessment of that visibility. But it approves -- it appears to us to be improving. And I agree with your last statement that will be quite welcome to have Aclara a growth and margin contributor.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for the next question. I have the next question coming up. The next question will come from Steve Tusa of JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Steve Tusa: Congrats on a real bang up year. Great execution in a tough environment for sure. On the -- I guess, on the '23 -- or fourth quarter than the '23. On the kind of basket of costs you guys have and that you measure inflation off of. Maybe just remind us of what's stuff that -- what percentage is a little more sticky and what percentage is like truly variable and moving around with the metals. And then on the pricing side, just remind us of any kind of -- anything that's an index on the metals or anything like that, that's just kind of mechanical that moves around with raws prices?
Bill Sperry: Yes. So let's maybe start with the pricing half of it, Steve. I think that -- there's a reasonably small percentage that is specifically indexed and it's been much more kind of working with our customers to get the price increases through. And so, I think about your question on stickiness, there's probably a couple of points of price that can wrap around next year and be part of the incremental sales. And I think that's supported by the incremental price experienced in the third quarter. That's maybe an interesting gauge of given some of that stickiness to the price. And certainly, to the extent we come up on year-end and is a typical time we talk to customers about program pricing and blankets and all that. So again, at the start of the year when we get together to give you our formal '23 guidance, I think we can -- we can be finer on what we expect from price. But from the actions and indexing amount that we have in place, I think we see towards a couple of points. And on the basket of costs, if we were to simplistically describe that half of our costs are materials and that the inside of materials, there's a proportion that's raw and we can all see those prices every day. And then there's a proportion that has some bit of value add. At the far end, it would be a purchase for resale item at the skinny year end, it would be some kind of component that's been assembled or has some kind of value add to it. And I think on the raws, to your point, super variable comes right through, we can all track that. I think on the value-add part of materials plus the non-material part of our costs sitting there at CPI of 8% inflation gives you an idea of the math that we're trying to move around and why we're putting so much emphasis on pricing, right? Because typically, if I talk to you, I would have set up a paradigm that we're trying to have price offset material and productivity offset non-material inflation. And in this environment, when that non-material inflation is in the 8% range, it's just -- I think it's asking too much to find that much productivity. So we've put that incremental burden back on the pricing side. And so as we kind of contemplate our plans for 2023, we're very focused. I think the exact way you're thinking about it of planning our cost to have inflation in a very significant portion, even though the raws are coming down. And so, we are trying really hard to retain the discipline, I think we found in towards the end of '21 and throughout '22 on pricing. And I think you're putting your finger on an incredibly important part of our operating model is to make sure we can price effectively for all these other costs that seem to be going in different directions with the raws going down and all the other stuff going up.
Steve Tusa: Right. So that bond on Slide 9. I mean, is that going to be like similar to this year? Or it sounds like it's going to be less year than it was this year?
Bill Sperry: Yes, I would expect it to be green, but obviously smaller, yes.
Gerben Bakker: Yes. And maybe a couple -- another maybe addition to what Bill said is, we're managing right now in an environment where the magnitude of these changes are just much larger than what they would have traditionally both and how the cost is moving, how the prices are moving. And certainly, as we look forward, that's a little bit challenge. I would say our portfolio is generally well positioned to hold enterprise, right? We're a low percentage of the total cost of ownership, high cost of failure and that is it good for us. But on the other hand, the magnitude by which prices have moved gives us some pause to say that we'll be able to hold on to that no matter what. So it's that dynamic that we're trying to manage. I would say though, if there is some slippage of price, it would be associated with come down in cost, and we would still be able to manage to what kind of Bill said is net neutral or better as a whole. But I would say managing those pieces is a little tougher than it would have been in a low inflation environment for us.
Steve Tusa: Sorry, one last quick one. What's the fourth quarter embedded margin? And is that normal seasonality? That's my last one for the total company. Thanks.
Bill Sperry: Yes. The top line Steve, we're envisioning in the normal seasonality range and that's a function of having fewer shipping days -- that tends to be in the mid-single digits, fewer days and therefore, the same effect on sales. And so, I think that the effect of that will be normal seasonal impact on margins. And so, it does -- it is returning for us a little more to normal seasonality.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for the next question. For our next question, it will come in to you today, Thomas Moll of Stephens. Please go ahead with your question.
Tommy Moll: Gerben, the 2023 early preview is helpful and appreciated. And now, we can ask more questions on it, of course. Specifically on the Utility Solutions side, you did a good job framing some of the secular trends, the backlog trends you're seeing. We haven't yet talked about the recession sensitivity there. Can you help frame that for us, though? And is that a business or a segment rather that you can still grow top line even if GDP is down in the U.S. just given some of the positive tailwinds that you've called out?
Gerben Bakker: Yes. I think you're looking at that in the correct way, Tom. And maybe I'll take a step back and first start to say what happened in the last time we saw slow because that's actual data that we have in the business. And what we tended to see in the Utility business compared to Electrical that it lags the Electrical by a quarter or two and then the decline was shallower and it came out quicker. So I would say that, that -- and that was driven at the time, too, by the need to invest in this area, there was infrastructure investments that were coming out as a result of that slow and that really benefited our business. So I would absolutely see that the same way. And I could argue that it's actually intensified the need to continue to invest in this grid, no matter what the macroeconomic conditions are. Of course, I don't think it's immune from it, when there is depending on how deep and how long and whether it's a consumer-led or whether that goes into commercial and industrial eventually, I would expect it to be affected but to a much lesser extent. And I do see the possibility that you kind of explored of can you continue to grow to an environment that there's a scenario that I could see that happening.
Tommy Moll: And as a follow-up, I just wanted to touch again on personnel, specifically on the Electrical segment leadership. Can you just give us an update on what kind of process you're running and potential timing for when there might be some news there?
Gerben Bakker: Yes. So as we indicated in the press release, I believe this is an area where we're looking both internal and external. These are, of course a very important position on my leadership team. And I'm very pleased, both with the internal and external talent that we're seeing. I think an element of it is what I described earlier of that we're an attractive company. And I would say maybe we haven't always done the best job in describing what we do both to our investors as well as our employees. And I think as we get sharper and really highlighting why it is that were matter and what it is that we do. We find people interested in coming to join us. So, we are very active in this process right now. And I would expect that here in the fourth quarter, we will backfill that position.
Operator: Thank you. One moment while we get ready for the next question. I have a next question that's coming from Nigel Coe of Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Nigel Coe: Gerben, I'll send my resume. I'll put my hand in the. So just wanted to -- obviously, the residential down double digits, I think 20%, if I'm not mistaken -- 15%. Can you just maybe delegate between Lighting and Components? Was that largely just lighting or do you see pressure in components as both?
Bill Sperry: Yes. It is largely lighting, but there are some other components that we sell to the DIY market through big boxes. So, there is some of the other stuff, but majority is lighting.
Nigel Coe: And then if we then looked at ex-lighting, how are the margins are booked in natural systems?
Gerben Bakker: How are the margins on resi products you're saying?
Nigel Coe: No, no, no. Well, yes, residential margins, but if we look at the segments and lighting, any sense on how that would look?
Bill Sperry: Yes, Lighting is a drag on the volume by a couple of points. And certainly, from a margin perspective, it is also a significant drag. So, it -- yes, ex-lighting margins would be larger and would be growing more because the resi margins have suffered as the volumes come down.
Nigel Coe: Okay. That's helpful. And then just one more for me. The restructuring, the upsize in the destruction, I think $0.10, if not taken. Is that -- should we think of that as a pull-forward from '23 actions?
Gerben Bakker: Yes, no, it's necessarily a pull forward. It's in our restructuring. We have -- and I think we've talked about this drug, the supply chain issues. It's put some pressure on being able to both manage our supply chain and do a lot of these projects. So, I'd say it's more a program -- a multiyear program that we have outlined that we see the ability to do more of as some of those supply chain issues are easing. I would say they're not gone because we're still trying to balance our time between solving those and continue to invest in what will set up this electrical segment well in the future. So, I don't know it's necessarily pulling from '23 that it is a program that we're seeing we're able to accelerate a little bit here as we go through the balance of this year.
Operator: Thank you. One moment while we prepare for the last question. Next question is coming from Christopher Glynn of Oppenheimer. Please go ahead with your question.
Christopher Glynn: So T&D, obviously, lots and lots of good commentary and then a little more good commentary. One thing I did want to ask about I think U.S. onshore wind investments down quite a bit this year. Is that a timing benefit to T&D investment where maybe some of the upgrades or front-running revitalization and kind of wind investment? It seems more like an afterthought question given all the positive commentary, but I wanted to ask about that factor.
Bill Sperry: Look, I do think there's some timing involved in wind deployment, decision-making. Some of the policies are getting involved there. And it kind of gives Chris, I would say, a little bit brighter near-term visibility on solar and yet I do think the wins in the medium term still is quite positive. I don't see that as having any special kind of predictive and I think renewables is an area that's been driving really good growth for us. And for us, it's just a question of -- is there a wind in there? Is there a solar in there? And we would say for the foreseeable future, there's -- we see renewable tailwinds on a combined basis with wind maybe getting -- maybe it's the wrong way to say a little more tailwind for wind in the medium term.
Christopher Glynn: Okay. And a quick follow-up on residential lighting. I think the container costs are a big part of that, and they were super high and come down quite a bit. Are you still flowing through peak container cost in residential lighting?
Bill Sperry: No. As you observed, I think the costs are changing, coming back a little bit normal. I think they're little bit higher than they had been, but that will work itself through our chain, Chris. And so -- and you're right, it's a big variable to the business.
Christopher Glynn: Okay. So you should see some improvement on that basis on the lag, the flow-through. Okay.
Bill Sperry: Well, there's benefit to that comes down then I'm not sure if you're looking for a net effect because you also have volumes coming down, which has a decremental effect. So you got -- you got a generally bad top line scenario and that kind of offset is in the COGS that you're mentioning, but the outlook is still is a little challenged.
Operator: Thank you. I would now like to turn the call back over to Gerben Bakker for closing remarks.
Gerben Bakker: Great. Thank you, everyone, for your support, your interest and your questions on our third results and the discussion we just had. And we look forward to reconnecting with everyone again in the new year. So thanks again and we will see you in January.
Operator: Thank you all for your participation in today's conference call. At this time, you may all disconnect and everyone have a great day.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-07-26 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for standing by, and welcome to the second quarter 2022 earnings conference call for Hubbell Corporation. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, today's program may be recorded. And now I'd like to introduce your host for today's program, Dan Innamorato, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Daniel Innamorato: Thanks, operator. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Earlier this morning, we issued a press release announcing our second quarter 2022 results. The press release and slides are posted to the Investors section of our website at hubbell.com. I'm joined today by our Chairman, President and CEO, Gerben Bakker; and our Executive Vice President and CFO, Bill Sperry.  Please note our comments this morning may include statements related to the expected future results of our company and are forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Therefore, please note the discussion of forward-looking statements in our press release and considered incorporated by reference into this call.  Additionally, comments may also include non-GAAP financial measures. Those measures are reconciled to the comparable GAAP measures and are included in the press release and slides.  And with that, I'll turn the call over to Gerben.
Gerben Bakker: Great. Thanks, Dan, and good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us to discuss Hubbell's second quarter results. I will open our call this morning with a broad overview of our performance, markets and the investments we continue to make that drive value for our stakeholders. Bill will then provide details on our second quarter results, and I'll come back with some comments on the outlook for the year.  Hubbell delivered another strong quarter of operating performance with year-over-year organic growth of 20% and adjusted operating profit growth of 29%. We are performing above our initial expectations through the first half of the year and have generated year-over-year adjusted EPS growth of 29% through the first 2 quarters. We are raising our annual outlook this morning to reflect that strong performance. While we anticipate the second half operating environment to remain dynamic, and we see uncertainty around macroeconomic conditions, we are confident in our ability to continue to execute effectively and deliver on the stronger outlook due to three key factors: the strength of our end markets; the strength of our position in those markets; and our continued operational execution, particularly proactively managing price/cost as well as supply chain constraints. Starting with markets. Customer demand for reliable and efficient critical infrastructure solutions in front and behind the meter continues to drive strong orders and sales growth. In particular, the Utility Solutions segment continues to build backlog even as customer shipments pick up sequentially. Grid modernization initiatives continue to drive robust investment levels from our core utility customers as they seek to upgrade and harden aging infrastructure while integrating renewables onto the grid. Our leading quality, reliability and service in these markets continue to position us well to effectively serve these critical needs for our customers.  In Electrical Solutions, demand remains strong across most of our end markets. Electrification trends together with strong industrial and nonresidential markets continue to drive sales and order growth across most of our Electrical businesses, while residential markets remain soft as anticipated.  I'd also like to highlight the ongoing strength we are seeing in communications markets, which is a key strategic vertical for Hubbell spanning across both segments. Telecommunications customers continue to invest in building out 5G networks, rural broadband access and fiber-to-the-home upgrades, driving demand for leading products and solutions across the Hubbell portfolio including enclosures, connectors, tooling and antennas.  Results in the quarter were also driven by continued execution on price/cost. Price realization was 14% in the quarter, up again sequentially as the company continued to actively manage price and productivity to offset broad-based inflationary pressures. While material inflation is showing signs of easing, nonmaterial inflation and supply chain headwinds persist. Increased cost of labor, freight and logistics as well as tight availability in key materials and components continue to drive higher input costs and manufacturing and transportation efficiencies across our businesses. Despite these challenges, we were able to drive increased unit output and achieved strong year-over-year operating margin expansion of 130 basis points in the second quarter.  Overall, a very strong quarter for Hubbell. We are confident in our ability to continue to effectively navigate a dynamic environment, and we are raising our full year expectations this morning, while at the same time, accelerating investments in the second half of the year to position us well for sustained long-term outperformance. We'll provide more color on the full year outlook at the end of this presentation. Before I turn it over to Bill to talk you through the financial results in more detail, I would like to welcome PCX and Ripley Tools to the Hubbell portfolio. These 2 high-quality businesses, which we acquired earlier this month, have strong financial profiles and attractive growth characteristics and bolster our position in key strategic growth verticals of data centers, renewables, electric T&D and communications. We also have a strong cash position and balance sheet and expect to continue investing in acquisitions as a core component of our strategy for long-term shareholder value creation.  With that, let me turn it over to Bill.
William Sperry: Thanks very much, Gerben, and appreciate you all joining us this morning. I'm going to kick off my remarks with a shout out to Stones fans and recognizing Mick Jagger's birthday today. I'm going to start on Page 4 of the materials that Dan referenced, and I hope you found those. Starting with sales, $1.26 billion, 20% organic growth over last year, with very healthy contributions from both price and volume. OP margins of 16.6%, 130 basis points of margin expansion there. Really getting the drop through from incremental volumes and the price/cost tailwind. Earnings per share of $2.81. We saw the OP contributions to those earnings below the line. We have tailwinds from non-OP. And we bought some shares that reduced the share count and helped EPS. Those were offset by a more normalized tax level in '22 versus a lower level in the prior year. And then for cash flow, $168 million in the quarter resulting -- driven by higher income but with investments in both CapEx and in working capital, which we'll talk more about.  So really a very strong quarter, high-quality beat of our own expectations. There's a lot of moving pieces as you see, but the simple part of our story is better volume and better price/cost. And that's really the driver that you'll hear a lot about in our time this morning.  Page 5, the enterprise results laid out here. Again, see the sales of 19% to $1.256 billion. That's comprised of 14% price, 6% units and a point of drag from foreign exchange. So the 19% is obviously very strong compared to last year. When we do a sequential look back to the first quarter also, a very strong compare with sales up high single digits and about half of that driven by price and half driven by incremental volume. So I think strong top line in both perspectives.  And I'd say that the fact that we're able to get more volume out in the second quarter is a good sign, implies that our factories were able to improve their capacity slightly even though the headwinds inside the supply chain still persist with labor materials and transportation, all being a little bit inconsistent and continuing to cause inefficiencies on the part of our manufacturing operations. But the order pattern remains solid. Really, really good broad-based demand, and we'll talk more about that in each segment.  On the upper right of Page 5, our operating profit up 29% to $208 million, 16.6%, about 130 basis point margin expansion. Decent incrementals in the mid-20s being driven by 6 points of volume and the drop-through there. Tailwind from price/cost, but some partial offsets from nonmaterial inflation as well as some of the plant inefficiencies and other returning costs. So we tend to focus purely on the materials, but the nonmaterial inflation is still an important factor in our financial performance here in the second quarter.  EPS, up 27% to $2.81 and growth roughly in line with the operating profit growth. And free cash flow growing to $168 million, 41%. Looks like good growth, but in order for us to continue to meet our full year target, we need to have a very strong second half of cash flow collection as is typical for us. Fourth quarter tends to be our largest quarter. So that measure is quite back-end loaded.  It is noteworthy though, I think the amount of -- that we're investing in CapEx is up about 16% in the quarter. So that's a claim on these cash flows and continue to invest in working capital. Receivables, naturally up with sales. And inventory, up as we continue to try to support our customers and have inventory on hand to support the 20% sales growth. So good cash flow growth despite some strong investments and continue to need to focus on some cash flow in the second half.  Now I wanted to talk about each segment and their performance, and I was going to start with the Electrical segment on Page 6. Sales up in the Electrical segment, 13%. Nice solid growth rate. About 10 points of price, about 4 of volume and a 1 point of drag from foreign exchange. Really saw broad strength across the Electrical segment with the very notable exception of the resi business, which I'll come to in a second. But the various components of the nonresi part of the segment. Good strength in nonres, good strength in light industrial, both of the Burndy and Wiring Device brands doing very well in those markets. The heavy industrial markets also doing very well for us. And I think Gerben noted some of the verticals and communications and data centers, providing some really nice growth for us there across the segment.  Resi, definitely the notable exception to that good news. Resi, for us, representing about 15% of the segment sales, and they were down double digits. So it had a significant effect on performance here.  On the operating profit side, you see $83 million of adjusted operating profit, generated a 14% growth to the prior year at 15.7% OP margins, slight improvement over last year. So the volume growth of 4 points dropped through at attractive incrementals. We have positive price cost. Those are offset partially by the supply chain inflationary headwinds, and we also had higher restructuring investment in the segment.  I think that it's worth noting if without the resi drag on margins, the segment would have had about 1 point of margin expansion. So slightly being 15% of the segment resi's impacting the performance there.  On Page 7, I want to switch to talking about the Utility Solutions segment. And you can see just an excellent quarter turned in by our partners in the utility segments driven mostly by the performance of Hubbell Power Systems within the segment. So overall, $729 million of sales, representing a 24% increase from prior year. That's got price in the mid-teens and volume in the high single digits.  We've experienced robust demand on the T&D Components side. That's really the legacy Hubbell Power Systems and you see 32% growth there, just a lot of demands from utilities to continue to satisfy their needs to harden their infrastructure against environmental impact, integrate renewables and upgrade their networks. So a very strong demand and a position in the industry where we enjoy a lot of strength. And we continue to get very positive customer feedback that despite the fact that our services right now below our standards and our lead times are longer than we'd like, representing some of the supply chain difficulties. We're getting feedback from our customers that we are outperforming the competition. And I think that's serving us very well.  The second part of the segment after the T&D Components is the Communications & Controls. You'll see that's up more modestly at 3% and the meters continue to be constrained by chip shortages. And though there's adequate backlog to support a lot more growth, the supply chain is just not cooperating to let us satisfy all that. So on the right side of the page in operating profit, you see this segment generated $125 million of adjusted operating profit, 40% increase from the prior year and over a 200 basis point margin expansion to 17.2%. That margin expansion is being driven by the drop-through on the incremental volume, which is substantial plus the price material cost favorability. And they're overcoming the supply chain headwinds in order to drive that margin performance. So a really nice job by our utility team and really helping drive performance of the whole enterprise.  On Page 8, I wanted to recall us for a minute to Investor Day just a couple of months ago where we introduced a very simple construct, which started with, first of all, us feeling that our high-quality products and solutions would be able to grow as the end markets they are exposed to grow. And we are anticipating that those end markets would outgrow GDP.  Part of the reason is we highlighted these 6 growth verticals where we have an outsized exposure, about 40% of the sales exposed to these markets. And we think each of these will outperform GDP.  We also introduced the second construct, which is that we had management levers to help us outgrow the end markets, which we think will outgrow GDP. Specifically, there we're going to use innovation, acquisitions and some sales and marketing initiatives. And the third bucket of levers was to manage price/cost productivity as well as restructuring, and we'll talk about those at the moment as well.  So Gerben had indicated 2 acquisitions, and it just helps illustrate the point we're making at Investor Day, which is while we're exposed to these markets, we think they're going to outgrow the GDP. We also are going to be directional and intentional with our investment and invest specifically in these verticals. And in July, closing on 2 acquisitions. So they are subsequent events to the second quarter, but we will enjoy their performance for the second half of this year and then the full year next year.  We're very excited to have both of these fine companies in the portfolio. The first one is Ripley Tools, and Ripley is a bolt-on for our utility segment. A Connecticut-based company founded in 1936. So very well-established brands, high-quality products that are primarily focused to the communications area where they're working on fiber optic and telecom applications, some specialized tools required for that as well as some tools for the power -- the T&D industry that are a full complement to some tools that Hubbell has in its portfolio. So last year's sales of about $20 million. We paid ballpark of about $50 million for the business. High-growth, high-margin, exact example of getting exposure to markets where we think we can win, and we think we can outgrow the economy.  On the right side, is PCX. And I know you've heard us talk about an interest in increasing our exposure to data centers, and PCX represents a significant step forward for us in that regard. They make prefabricated electric rooms for data centers. Basically, provide the power, power quality, uninterrupted supply. They do so by using manufactured labor in a plant rather than needing specialized labor on site. And so you're picking up a number of themes here with this investment. One is the data center growth. Two is the arbitrage and labor from on-site specialty to manufactured labor inside of a plant. And the third is the dramatic reduction in the cycle time that results from using these modular prefab units. And that's really of interest to the owner operators of the mega centers and in the colos as well. So we think we're smart investment there, sales of about $50 million and a little bit less than $130 million investment.  So when you look at the 2 together, we spent about $175 million, invested. We think they will have about a 1 point impact on growth in 2022. We think for the balance of the year, they will contribute roughly $0.10 of earnings and have a bigger impact next year in '23. And I think as we stand back and evaluate '22, at the halfway point, we've had some important portfolio reshapings where we sold our C&I Lighting business for about $350 million. We've added these 2, and we bought about $150 million worth of shares earlier at the end of the first quarter. So we have essentially deployed the cash from that sale, replaced the earnings and positioned ourselves with much higher growth, much higher margin businesses. So I think a good example in just 6 months of the power of focusing on the portfolio.  So with that, I'd like to turn it back to Gerben to talk about the outlook for the remainder of 2022.
Gerben Bakker: Great. Thanks, Bill. And I'd like to close our prepared remarks today with some comments on that '22 outlook on Page 9. As we highlighted at the beginning of the call, we are raising our full year 2022 outlook. We now anticipate mid-teens full year sales growth, up from low double digits from the prior guidance. And we are raising our adjusted earnings per share outlook to a range of $9.40 to $9.80 versus a prior range of $9 to $9.40. We continue to anticipate generating free cash flow conversion of 90% to 100% of adjusted earnings per share.  Relative to our prior guidance, this raised 2022 outlook is driven primarily by stronger first half performance, stronger volume and price material assumptions, and a modest contribution from acquisitions and partially offset by higher general inflationary pressures and targeted investments in the second half.  When we spoke to you all at Investor Day in early June, we outlined three key areas where we are looking to invest over the next 3 to 5 years. Footprint optimization and restructuring to drive a more efficient manufacturing and distribution network, primarily across our Electrical Solutions segment as we continue our HES journey as a unified operating segment. Second, targeted capacity expansion in markets with visible growth trajectories and strong Hubbell positions, primarily in certain power T&D and communication product lines where capacity is tight and customers have critical needs for our products. And finally, innovation to accelerate organic growth with an emphasis to capitalize on attractive megatrends and key strategic growth verticals through new products, solutions and go-to-market strategies.  While we recognize that the near-term macroeconomic environment is uncertain, we believe that now is an opportune time to accelerate some of these previously planned investments from a position of strength to set the company up for sustained performance over the long term. We expect these initiatives to drive future productivity and cost savings while enabling us to better serve the critical infrastructure needs of our customers with differentiated solutions in front and behind the meter.  To summarize this morning's call, Hubbell is off to a strong start through the first half of 2022. We have leading positions in attractive markets with long-term growth drivers and we are executing effectively in the areas within our control. We are confident in delivering on our raised 2022 outlook and in driving differentiated results to our shareholders over the long term.  With that, let me turn it over to Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And our first question comes from the line of Jeff Sprague from Vertical Research Partners.
Jeffrey Sprague: So a couple of things from me. Maybe just first on PCX. I'd obviously understand the organic growth in that sector, but a little surprised you're buying an integrator, right? So you're basically buying now electrical components from other providers and packaging them, right? So maybe just explain -- unless I'm wrong here, just maybe explain how you kind of advantage that and how that's kind of a sustainable strong business for you?
William Sperry: Yes, I think it starts with they do manufacture a number of the products that goes in. But you're right, there is an awful lot of sourcing. But the design elements of it, Jeff, that is done in very close concert with the owner/operator of the data center is a very sticky process and one that we think really enables the margin to be earned. And so it is a little different in that there is quite a bit of purchase for resale content in the end product. But I think the way -- the nature of the interaction with the customer is quite intimate and design intensive and that's very appealing to us.
Jeffrey Sprague: Okay. And just on price here now, on price/cost. I mean, the pricing execution in the quarter is obviously phenomenal. I mean, maybe just address a little bit how these discussions are going now with customers, what you think might happen as we move forward? Obviously, there's a been a pretty significant rollover on kind of steel, copper and -- in most industrial metals. So maybe just a little color on how you expect things to play out in the back half and in next year and if we're seeing any pushback now on pricing?
Gerben Bakker: Yes, Jeff, maybe I'll start with some comments, and I'm sure Bill will have some as well. But I would say our approach to pricing has been to, a, not tie it specifically only to commodities, but to general inflation. So while we see on commodities a pullback, right now, general inflation is still tremendously high, and we feel that in our business. So as we have these discussions with our customers, it's around the broader inflation and need to price.  If you looked at last year, we were on the negative on that, I'd say, despite very good traction. And if you think about the chart that we've shown you in the past of how over time we manage that, we still need more positive price/cost to claw back from the negative of last year, and those are discussions we have with our customers.  I would say the other part in our portfolio is we're generally a small portion of the total cost of the systems. So the discussion around availability and quality and reliability, generally are more prominent than on price.  Now all that said, with commodities, when they do come down at the magnitude at which they are coming down, and that's sustainable over time, sure, we're going to feel eventually pressure to have discussions with pricing the other way. But I'd say that's still out for us a little bit.
Jeffrey Sprague: And maybe just one last one for me. On Aclara, that business would seem like it's spring loaded for growth if supply chain ever eases up. But actually, is that a good characterization? In other words, are you seeing business move away from you because you can't deliver there? Or are backlogs impact building? And maybe just give us a little bit of color on the outlook for that business in the back half?
William Sperry: Yes. As we -- there's a couple of elements to your question. First is yes, there's a ton of backlog there. So I think we're starting to hear rumblings that the supply chain may be falling a bit and may be improving. We haven't anticipated that, that happens until the start of next year. And it's not clear to me that, that shape would enable a spring like you're describing, or will it be -- so it will be dependent on how those chips come back. If you're -- but you're right to characterize the demand is there to buy a lot of smart meters, absolutely.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Tommy Moll from Stephens.
Thomas Moll: I want to start off at a high level on your revised guidance, specifically around EPS. And just help me if I'm missing something here, but looking at the typical seasonality, first half to second half, it would appear at first glance that even the revised outlook may be conservative for second half, just given that price material appears to be a positive now underlying demand, particularly on the utility side, where you called out great organic growth and backlog build. It just -- it raised the question for me, could there still be some conservatism baked in? So any context you could give there would be helpful.
William Sperry: Yes, Tommy. If you did a typical first half, second half, what does the first half contribute to a year's worth of earnings, it would appear to be conservative. And I think we're trying to achieve conservatism. We're very aware of some of the latest trends coming out of consumer-facing companies and some of the challenges that appear to be there. And while we don't have much consumer exposure, the consumer is such a large part of the economy that we're still going to be exposed to that macro phenomenon.  So -- and I think the way, Tommy, we're looking at it, we would anticipate effects from a consumer to hit our Electrical segment first. That would be a typical impact of a consumer-led recession. And our utility franchise would typically lag the effect that our Electrical, and it would be shallower and come out faster. So I would say this guidance is got some conservatism worried about that uncertainty.  I think the one thing I would point out to you that you maybe not factored into your question is we are planning on a significant amount of investment in restructuring in the second half. We've put a specific bar there just to highlight that. But if you go back to 2020, we had about $27 million of restructuring. And in '22, we're trying to do about $30 million, so consistent number. And that would -- to get there, we would have an aggressive second half investment level of a little north of $20 million in the second half.  So we think those projects are really important to setting up '23 and getting both capacity in our power side as well as efficiency on the Electrical side. So we think those are very wise investments, but that also would create just a specific drag to that first half, second half seasonality that you're looking at. That's why we wanted to show that on the bridge on Page 9, just to be clear about that.
Thomas Moll: That's helpful. As a follow-up, I wanted to ask about the EV charging solution that you talked at Investor Day earlier this summer. So I guess a couple of parts to the question. Just in terms of the model here, is the idea that you go in as a preferred partner with your incumbent utility customers for some base rate budget? I guess that's the first question.  And then second question would be just on timing and magnitude towards a meaningful P&L impact. If all goes well, what kind of time frame are we looking at here?
William Sperry: Yes. Let me tackle the first part, which is, yes, I'd say the only partner, not the preferred partner because we think we are kind of combining unique elements of metrology, revenue-grade meter with the charging units. And yes, the idea would be you have the utility that they, in turn, think about offering that to consumer, offering a differential rate cheaper to charge a car overnight and that benefits the consumer and the payback to utility because of the marginal cost of production generation to be very, very low. So the margin on that will be very, very good and really help load manage for the utility.  So we think there's an optimum solution that works really well for, as you say, our core utility customer, their customer and that we're uniquely provided to do that. The timing is going to take a while and I really wouldn't hazard to tell you when we'd start to see any impact there.
Gerben Bakker: Yes. And maybe -- as we talked about it in Investor Day as an example of where we're investing in what we refer to as NPX, which is new products that are magnitudes larger than our traditional. This kind of solution different from the chargers that are available is very unique. So I would say, while certainly, we're very excited about it, it's very early days of development of what's a completely new solutions to the market.  And some of these are going to be successful and some of them won't be, and I think that's one of the reasons why more uncertain on the timing and the magnitude of the impact. But these are projects that are, if successful and unsuccessful, are a much larger scale than we would traditionally see with our new product development processes.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And our next question comes from the line of Nigel Coe from Wolfe Research.
William Vranka: This is Will Vranka on for Nigel. So first on the backlog. I was wondering if you could talk about the dynamic of orders that are greater than versus less than 90 days dated, how that performed in the quarter and how you see that trending through the back half of the year?
William Sperry: Yes. I -- if we think about the order pattern and the backlog, I mean maybe the first comment to make would be between the segments where the utility order pattern has been stronger than the Electrical and we've been building, therefore, more backlog on the utility side. Electrical is approaching -- still building backlog but approaching a lot more book-and-bill sort of balance. And I think that the over 90 days has been a component. And in certain places like smart meters, we're talking about that are constrained, you're seeing more of that.  But I think if your question is getting at, do we see customers reacting to supply chain improvements and will that reduce orders so they don't have to have what I might call a safety order in, yes, I mean, I think that reaction is going to be immediate in response to lead times coming back in and kind of allowing them to not need to kind of feel like they got to get in the queue.  So if we were to tell you what's the state of the supply chain, we still are a little bit uneven with labor, still a little bit uneven with material supply. And so our lead times are still elevated to what we'd want them to be and my guess is that's contributing to customers wanting to get in line to make sure they can get the material that they need.
William Vranka: Got it. And then what are your expectations? Could you provide any detail on how you're thinking about gross margins for the rest of the year?
William Sperry: Yes. I think the contribution to gross margin that would come from unit growth and effectively dropping through incrementals at above average margin. There's a component of that, that would show up as gross margin. And then price/cost would also show up as margin and so -- as gross margin. So those two drivers, I think, are tailwinds. When we ultimately see our factory efficiency return, which we don't see yet returning in the second half but that ultimately, in the more medium term, that would come back into gross margin as well.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Josh Pokrzywinski from Morgan Stanley.
Joshua Pokrzywinski: Just a question on what you guys are seeing out there in channel inventory. Apologies, I hopped on a bit late. So if you already covered it, I can always look back. But I think it's kind of a -- maybe a richer mix between what's going on in the consumer versus industrial. I know you guys don't really touch consumer as much, but any observations across the different lines of business would be helpful?
Gerben Bakker: Yes. Yes, I'd say in general, in inventory, and that's a topic that we cover with our customers quite often every opportunity we have with them to do checks on that. We also validate on sell-in and sell-out to have a look at real demand. I would say that generally still our products are selling through. Certainly, in this supply chain crunch, distributors are trying to get their hands on products.  I would say there has been a level of getting inventory in. So I would say at this point, our distributors are perhaps appropriately stocked rather than overstocked. I would say they were probably understocked for a period of time. So there has been stocking going on. But in our products, no signs of any overstock position.  Now the one thing that remains to be seen if there is a slowdown are the levels that they have too high for what they need, then you could see a correction in that with inventory level. But at this point, we don't see big risk of overstocking and the consequences of destocking in the absence of a significant slowdown.
Joshua Pokrzywinski: Got it. That's helpful. And then I think just as maybe some of the macro data has softened up in pockets here, folks are always trying to look for prior recessionary periods as kind of a starting point. But my guess is that your markets, at least on a volume basis, are up terribly much since like the, what was that, 2018 kind of soft patch. Like any way to contextualize even kind of rough numbers what some of those various markets are doing on a volume basis versus kind of pre-COVID levels?
William Sperry: Yes, it's an interesting way to look at it. I thought you were going to talk about how our exposure would perform in a consumer-led recession as opposed to financial institution-led crisis or an industrial recession. I'm not sure I have -- I think maybe Dan and I should follow with you. I'm not sure I have good analysis at my fingertips of some of those levels versus kind of '18, '19.
Joshua Pokrzywinski: Got it. I guess, since you're volunteering though, what -- how do you feel about kind of a consumer-led recession impacting the business?
William Sperry: Yes. I mean I think we're anticipating that it's going to affect our Electrical segment first, that our Electrical segment will feel it with a little more severity, that our utility segment might have a 1 or 2 quarter lag versus our Electrical and that it would probably be shallower and shorter in duration. And I think the -- some of the underlying demand provided, we're talking a little bit about the infrastructure bill, and does that provide a little ballast or not.  But the fact is we don't believe, Josh, that we're immune to this macro by any means. And that we're sitting here at halfway mark of the first year with roughly 20% sales growth and margin expansion we recognize, and price in the double digits, right? We know that, that's -- those are not kind of sustainable, like steady state kind of performance.  So we're trying to be very, very cautious and looking at these markets with a keen eye. We've chosen to invest in inventory because we see enough backlog that we feel good about being able to clear that inventory. Gerben kind of also commented on, we feel like the balance sheet is poised to invest and it's a really good time to help support the utility business with some growth capital and support the Electrical segment with some productivity capital, and that's how -- that's kind of how we're operating going forward. We think the time for us to make those investments is the second half of this year to help support '23 and '24.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Chris Snyder from UBS.
Christopher Snyder: I was just hoping for more color around the back half margin drivers. So relative to Q2, the guidance calls for a pretty material falloff in margins into the back half. It just seems more significant than what would be implied by the $20 million back half restructuring spend. So I understand there's maybe slight volume declines as well. So I would have expected a more material offset from improving price/cost with LIFO accounting and the recent decline in steel. Any color on these buckets would be helpful.
William Sperry: Yes, Chris, I would say that it's been a little bit difficult for us to forecast all those variables you just highlighted with precision. And so I think where we've had trying to make sure we're not over our skews is in areas like volume and areas like price/cost. We believe there's a relationship between pricing cost such that if costs react, prices eventually will as well.  And so I guess maybe I'd answer your question by saying they're easy to see scenarios where our second half margin assumptions are conservative. We just happen to believe that's the proper posture for us to have right now. But we certainly -- I certainly understand your question and we'll -- we're going to manage our best to outperform, but that's -- we wanted to have a proper level of caution around those couple of variables that you highlighted.
Christopher Snyder: No, I really appreciate the back color. And I think the strategy makes sense for the macro at hand. So to your kind of response, there's obviously been a lot of moving parts and just an overall difficult to manage macro for 2-plus years now. But I guess if we think about 1 day going back to a normalized environment, what do you view as kind of normalized incrementals for the 2 segments?
William Sperry: Yes. I think that I'm hoping we emerge from this period with a higher level of margin, and that would be driven by selling C&I Lighting, investing in acquisitions that have good margins, getting innovation and new product development in areas with high margins. So I'm hoping we kind of -- when we -- I like your word normalized. So when we get to normal -- the new normal, I'm hoping we're at a higher level of margin than we entered.  And you're asking then dynamically from there, I would argue we would anticipate incremental margins to be in the mid-20s. And that's always going to be a function of how much investing are we doing versus are you just purely harvesting new volumes. But that would be my expectation for our financial model over the next couple of years.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Christopher Glynn from Oppenheimer.
Christopher Glynn: So at your Investor Day, you guys spent a little time talking about channel strategies, the Electrical segment and some of the different tiers of distribution, top 10 versus the tail. Just curious, any comments on present contributions? And if you think the 50 basis points a year from that strategy might be something that you're more likely to overshoot?
William Sperry: Yes. I wouldn't say that our estimates have changed in the last couple of months. I'd say there continues to be a lot of uncertainty. But it does feel to us like our relationships with that top tier of channel partners is really strong. I think Gerben was alluding to it and talking about pricing. It's been a very hand in glove and close relationship process over the last couple of years. And they've required us to communicate early. They've required us to be coordinated in how we do things as opposed to try to disrupt how their systems load prices.  And I think the grades certainly, that Gerben and I get when we meet with senior leadership are quite favorable in terms of helping manage through this pricing environment. And I would say maybe underlying this is the obvious point that this price increases have not damage demand in any way, right? We haven't hit some elasticity point as such that demand would go down. And therefore, maybe it's been easy that we and our channel partners are on the kind of the same side of the table as it were.  But I would say that the sales and marketing teams doing some -- have some interesting initiatives about utilizing better tools for cross-selling, organizing better materials for vertical market sales and getting kind of humbled to compete collectively with solutions in some of those markets rather than one-off product sales. And I think I'd say, Chris, we feel really good about that. But I wouldn't say we've upped our forecast in the last 2 months, really.
Christopher Glynn: I appreciate that time frame. I might have asked that at Investor Day, but I didn't. And then on utility, despite the longer lead times, you're getting great grades on serving the competition well. So as that T&D business is really running like wild horses, would you expect that kind of gratuity or upside from channel shift in your favor? Would that be sticky in the run rates in the future? Do you hold that?
William Sperry: Yes. I mean I think it's -- I think what you're asking is if we're gaining share right now, would we expect to keep that? I would say, we would. I think we feel that we're supporting our customers by investing in new products, investing in capacity. We hear feedback from them that others aren't doing that. And so yes, Chris, I mean I expect that there's stickiness and reward for support during a choppy and challenging operating environment. So we think so.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steve Tusa from JPMorgan.
Charles Tusa: Anyway, and I think you guys are kind of an easy one. So it's nice not to have to jump up and down here. The price cost spread, I mean, have you guys kind of detailed how you expect that to trend over the next couple of quarters? And would some of that potentially carry into next year?
William Sperry: Yes. I think it's a dynamic that we're going to be watching really carefully. We haven't provided much detail and it's largely because it's hard for us to really anticipate steel and copper and aluminum costs. We think that price will be in sympathy with those costs up or down.  And I think, Steve, for us too, the amount of nonmaterial inflation that we've been experiencing in the form of things like salaries, wages, health care, all the kind of stuff, transports, that's not in materials has really been significantly above the amount of productivity we've been able to generate. And so that's put kind of a higher burden on our price because we can't cover -- whatever the economists, if they're telling us inflation is at 9%, we're not -- we don't have 9% productivity, right?  So I think we are assuming, therefore, price can't come down quickly as materials because there's a lot of other inflation. So we're sort of netting all that stuff in sort of our guidance and our outlook. And it will be interesting as we get to maybe our October call, and we maybe talk about our '23 setup and as we get to our January call when we give guidance. That, I think the variable that you're asking about is potentially one of the most significant variables.  So we got -- we're going to do a lot of analysis on it. We're watching it very closely. And I agree with your premise, I guess, that it sets up to have a favorable contribution toward '23.
Charles Tusa: Yes, into next year, okay. And as far as the trends in nonresi are concerned, what's -- what are you seeing most recently there?
William Sperry: Yes. I mean, to us, it still feels good. And that's why it's almost feel like watching some of these consumer-facing companies and seeing what's happening. It feels a little maybe uncorrelated right now. But for now, what we see, the nonres is healthy.
Charles Tusa: And on the resi side, I think you said that it was down 20% or something. Did I miss that?
William Sperry: No, double digits. So it represents about 15% of the segment. And it's been down double digits. So it's a pretty good drag, unfortunately.
Charles Tusa: Right. So that volume would be down then strong double digits, like 20%-ish?
William Sperry: More like teens.
Operator: This does conclude the question-and-answer session of today's program. I'd like to hand the program back to Gerben Bakker, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer for any further remarks.
Gerben Bakker: Great. Thanks, everyone, for your time today and your questions and interest in Hubbell. A strong second quarter and year so far and well positioned to continue to execute through the numerous uncertainties and opportunities ahead. Hope you all have a great rest of the summer, and we look forward to speaking with you again in the fall in our third quarter. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude the program. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-04-26 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the First Quarter 2022 Results Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. And now, it is my pleasure to hand the conference over to your first speaker today, Dan Innamorato, Vice President, Investor Relations. Thank you. Please go ahead.
Dan Innamorato: Thanks, Operator. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Earlier this morning, we issued a press release announcing our first quarter 2022 results. The press release and slides are posted to the Investors section of our website at hubbell.com. Im joined today by our Chairman, President and CEO, Gerben Bakker; and our Executive Vice President and CFO, Bill Sperry. Please note that our comments this morning may include statements related to the expected future results of our company and our forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Therefore, please note the discussion of forward-looking statements in our press release and considered incorporated by reference into this call. Additionally, comments may also include non-GAAP financial measures. Those measures are reconciled to the comparable GAAP measures and are included in the press release and slides. And with that, Ill turn the call over to Gerben.
Gerben Bakker: Great. Thanks, Dan, and good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us to discuss Hubbells first quarter results. Hubbell is off to a strong start in 2022. Our markets remain healthy, with broad-based demand driving strong sales and order growth. In particular, our utility Solutions segment continues to build backlog, even as customer shipments picked up sequentially. Grid modernization initiatives continued to drive robust investment levels from our core utility customers, as they seek to upgrade aging infrastructure and integrate renewables onto the grid. Operationally, supply chain headwinds persist. Inflation and raw materials and labor, tight availability, and higher cost of containers, as well as shortages in key materials such as chips and resins, are leading to higher input costs and manufacturing and transportation inefficiencies across our businesses. However, we are executing effectively through these challenges to serve our customers and deliver strong results for our shareholders. We continue to accelerate our price and productivity initiatives, and we have now turned the corner on price material, which was a net positive in the first quarter. The combination of strong volume growth and positive price material enabled us to return to year-over-year margin expansion a quarter earlier than we had initially anticipated. Overall, we are pleased with the performance in the quarter, and we are confident that we are well positioned to continue executing effectively over the balance of 2022. While the macroeconomic environment remains dynamic, our strong order book, significant price traction, and operational discipline, gives us visibility and confidence to raise our full year outlook today, which now reflects mid-teens adjusted earnings per share growth. We will provide more color on the full year outlook later in the presentation.  Before I turn it over to Bill to walk you through the financial results, I'd like to highlight some key accomplishments in the quarter. First, on capital deployment, we deployed $150 million of proceeds from the C&I Lighting divestiture to share repurchase, returning cash to shareholders, and generating approximately $0.10 of accretion in 2022, in line with our initial guidance. Our balance sheet and cash position is strong, supporting our bolt-on acquisition strategy, which we expect to continue executing over the short and long-term to generate attractive returns for our shareholders. Next, I'm proud to highlight that Hubbell received two of four annual awards from a major customer. Hubbell Power Systems was awarded the Above & Beyond award for successfully managing through supply chain constraints to serve its customers, while Burndy was awarded The Operational & Technical Excellence Awards for improvements in operational efficiency and proactive management and communication. This recognition is particularly well deserved for our teams, who are working so hard to effectively serve our customer needs during these challenging times. Not only is this an example of the strength of Hubbells individual brands and businesses, but it also demonstrates the quality of our portfolio across utility and Electrical end markets. We have made good progress in our efforts to go to market collectively as one Hubbell, and we see significant opportunity ahead in building on our strong channel partnerships to better serve our customers.  And finally, Hubbell is honored to have been named one of 2022s World's Most Ethical Companies by Ethisphere for the second consecutive year. I'd like to thank our over 17,000 employees who demonstrate the highest standard for integrity each and every day, and note that this achievement is a recognition of their commitment to compliance and ethics as a foundation of our strategy and culture. We also released our second annual sustainability report in the first quarter, highlighting the progress we have made on ESG over the past several years as a core element of our business strategy and product offerings. We encourage all our stakeholders to view this report on the sustainability page of our website, and to continue to actively engage with the Hubbell leadership team on ESG topics.  Let me now turn it over to Bill.
Bill Sperry: Thanks, Gerben. Good morning, everybody. Appreciate you joining. I'm aware of how busy the day is, and I'll try to keep my comments short and sweet and open with a happy birthday to our own Dan Innamorato today. And as Gerben said, really off to a strong start to the year. And there's really two notable management accomplishments that are driving the results, and you'll hear us comment several times. The first is price. I know you're all aware that we got behind last year, and as inflation persisted throughout the last of the five quarters, we relentlessly kept working with our channel partners to raise price. And I think the fact that we caught up and created a tailwind in the first quarter of 22, is really the good evidence of the high quality of our products and how well positioned they are, both in front and behind and at the meter where essentially at low-cost relative to the value that they add. The second besides price was our production levels. I think as you know, we've been operating for a while constrained, not by orders, but constrained by supply chain. And so, it was a great sign to see sequential increase from Q4 to Q1, which is typically a decline in output and for us to increase the units there, some evidence that getting better and fighting through some of the supply chain constraints. And when you have both that price and production level raise, and with the backdrop of strong orders, you're going to see very high growth in sales and earnings, which is what you'll see in our results released today.  I'm going to start on Page 4 of the materials. You can see sales increase of 21% to $1.16 billion. That 21% was driven by organic growth as well as price. As I mentioned, that's a comparison to the prior year. Sequentially as well, we saw mid-single digit growth versus the fourth quarter of last year, with both units and price being up sequentially. At the operating profit level, you see 20 basis points of margin expansion to 13.9%. Welcome to see that return to margin expansion, and we really have the price material tailwind complementing the volume growth to help drive that. Earnings per share, you see an increase of 30% year-over-year to $2.12, driven by the operating profit growth, as well as some other income tailwind. On the cashflow side, we had a use of $36 million in the quarter. The extraordinary high level of sales required a large investment in receivables, and we also invested aggressively in inventory. And we continue - Gerben pointed out the customer awards that we received. We continue to try to serve the customer, make sure we've got inventory on hand, and keep our service levels as high as possible, given some of the choppy operating environment that we're in.  On Page 5, you see the results laid out a little more graphically. That 21% sales growth unpacks into 12 points of price, and nine points of units. That skews slightly higher for the utility segment, which we'll talk about separately, both in units and price, but the Electrical segment also showed very strong growth. So, a very broad-based demand profile here. And despite the 21% increase in shipments, orders were up 25%. So, we actually built more backlog in the quarter. At the operating profit level, you see the impressive 22% growth to $160 million in the quarter. And that volume growth and price material tailwind really combining to create some nice lift. On the margin side, there's a partial offset for the non-material inflation. Think of things like compensation costs and transportation costs eating into some of those gains, as well as some inefficiencies in the factory where the supply chain and consistency, think of both labor and material not being available as consistently as is typical. And so, when you're operating with high levels of volume, there are some inefficiencies in spending that are going on inside of our plants. The EPS is up 30%, just under $0.50 of new earnings coming from all this growth to $2.12. The growth rate is higher than the OP growth rate because of some - we have interest expense lower as a result of a bond refinancing we did last year, as well as transition services income, but the taxes were comparable in the periods. So, not a tax driver there. Here, you see the cash flow use laid out compared to a small source of cash last year. Typically, the first quarter is our weakest cash flow year - or sorry, weakest cash flow quarter in the year, and we still anticipate meeting our initial targets on free cashflow. This is just early investment in the year at a time of high growth in receivables first and inventory second.  We're going to now unpack our results by segment, and we'll start on Page 6 with our Electrical segment. You can see the impressive growth of 19%, all organic. 10 points from price, nine points from volume. Quite a broad-based contribution to the demand profile. Light industrial, up in the mid-20s. Data centers and telecom, I would note as verticals inside of that space. Non-res similarly up, strong in the mid-20s. Heavy industrial up in the mid-20s. Strong commodity prices that we see in both steel, for example, and oil and gas are good indicators for our heavy industrial business customers still pushing demand up. And the exception to the really strong outlook is on the residential side. We had some tough compares to a very heavy amount of home remodeling done last year, as people were spending more time in their house than they wanted to, no travel, not commuting to work. We saw a lot of attention spent remodeling, which has been difficult to compare against.  On the OP side, double digit growth for the Electrical segment at 11% to $58 million. You see that the margins, though, did not expand in sympathy with the company, and though we got good drop-through on our incremental volumes and price material was favorable, that was more than offset by the inflation in transportation. And that was really most acutely felt by our residential business, which is essentially a purchase for resale, and the container costs, transportation costs become a very large hit to that business as those costs spiked up. And as well as extra spending on restructuring. So, if the residential business had had a comparable year to last year, you would have seen comparable margins and the extra investment in restructuring, which will create productivity and higher margin in the future, cause an additional half point drag. So, I think the underlying business is very healthy here. And Page 7, we transition to showing the utility segments, and very strong performance. We've built quite a strong franchise here on the utility side. 22% growth, which is actually 23% organic. We sold a very small product line from inside the Aclara business. And that 23% organic unpacks to 13 points of price and 10 points of volume. Again, kind of note that the volume was 7% higher sequentially versus the fourth quarter of last year. And inside the utility Solutions segment is where we have the more pronounced buildup of backlog. And so, getting the bottlenecks eased out and our production capacity up, has been a very welcome sign. And you can see that drop through on the operating profit side. But finishing on sales, really saw strength from the power system side and the transmission and distribution components, as well as gas components. We had growth in the 30% range. And on the communications and control side, the Aclara AMI and meters business continues to be constrained by the lack of availability of chips, and we expect that condition to persist throughout the year. And - but the entire segment is still powering with very strong growth. And you see the drop-through effect of having price material tailwind, which this was the quarter that the power team caught up on that. And you see the welcome lift in margin expansion of a nearly a point. And so, youve got above 20% sales growth, with 90 bps of margin expansion. You get a lot of OP lift, and really helping add to our earnings per share story.  So, that gets me to Page 8 and the impact of those trends and results on our outlook. And I would say, usually we would consider this to be too early a point in the year to consider a raise, especially with as much macro uncertainty as there is, but we started with a higher-than-normal backlog. We added to that backlog, despite shipping 21% increase in sales. And the prices really seem to be sticking, and we're going to get some incremental price. And so, that's causing us to anticipate higher sales than we had initially guided you to, and we're going to reflect that new outlook in this guidance. So, when we came out in January, we were describing an expected sales growth of 8% to 10%, which was comprised of 5% price and 3% to 5% of volume. And so, given what we've seen through the first quarter on price sticking, as well as some anticipated incremental price that we're going to ask for, we believe that price will be more in the range of 7% for the year. And that volume which we had anticipated at 3% to 5%, we feel now would be coming through at 4% to 6%. And the effect of this change at the sales side, effectively imagining the price being absorbed by incremental inflation, so it leaves us an extra point of volume. That extra point of volume we think should drop on the order of $0.20 to the year. And so, what we've done is raised the midpoint of our outlook range from $9 to $9.20. So, in other words, we've kind of maintained our margin outlook, and we've maintained the percentage drop-through of free cashflow that we're expecting between 90% and 100%. Worth noting, I think, that there are no new incremental acquisitions included in this guidance. We are pleased that that pipeline seems to be refilling, and we feel were quite intentional in finding verticals that have high growth and high margins in them. And so, just a comment there that acquisitions are not included in this outlook.  So, with that, I will turn it back to Gerben for some closing remarks.
Gerben Bakker: Great. Thanks, Bill. And before we begin Q&A, Id just like to underscore a couple of key points from this morning's presentation. Hubbell is off to a running start in 2022, after strong execution in the first quarter. And while the macroeconomic environment remains dynamic and uncertain, we have strong positions in attractive end market, with long-term growth drivers, and we are executing well in the areas that are within our control. We are confident that we are positioned to deliver on our 2022 outlook, which we raised this morning, and drive strong results for our shareholders over the long-term.  And with that, let me turn it over to Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from the line of Jeff Sprague with Vertical Research Partners. Please go ahead.
Jeff Sprague: Good morning, everyone. Maybe just start off on the volume side of the equation, and the reason I go there, we're seeing a lot of results here recently where companies are posting topline that maybe is almost all priced with little or no volume. These results, therefore kind of stand out in that regard, even though the price is impressive. If you look at in particular what's going on in the utility market, is there anything additional to add around, I don't know, infrastructure spending coming in or other actions? Or is this just really kind of sort of an uncorking of some of the supply chain headwinds, and you're kind of better able to just kind of keep up with the overall pace of demand here?
Gerben Bakker: Yes. Jeff, let me maybe break those down into two sides. One is on the demand side and one is on the supply side. Fundamentally, demand is strong in the utility market, right? We've talked about the need to harden the grid, upgrade the grid. And that's still absolutely fundamentally there. And as Bill stated, we continue to see orders exceed shipments. So, were building a backlog. Now, of course, there's an element of lead times extending, and that creates maybe a little bit of a unnatural demand, but it so far exceeds a supply right now that we believe, even if that moderates, that at the levels that we're producing, we can maintain those and continue to see growth. The second part of it is, we were able to increase our productive output. And no small feat, I would say. Its part of why I'm so proud of the team. Were being recognized for some of these service awards. Our customers are truly telling us that during this time, we are outperforming in delivering. It's a real focus for us. I would say the things that we are doing on the supply chain side, make us more resilient, right? So, we spend a lot of time approving alternate materials and design, qualifying new suppliers for redundancy, making capacity investments, particularly in the utility business. Were making some investment there because that business really seemed to grow throughout the pandemic, and automation. So, I would say the investments that we're making into the business are helping us improve in what we've seen, not at the rate we've wanted it to be, but we have seen quarter-over-quarter continued improvement, despite what are still very, very challenging times, whether you look at containers or supply chain or the Omicron that we dealt with in the first quarter. So, I think we're just building a more resilient operation, but still plenty of chance. So, hopefully, I answered both sides of the equation there for you.
Jeff Sprague: Yes. No, thanks. And then just again on utility, there's been a little bit of concern, and I don't know if it's just kind of chatter at this point, but just pressure on the consumer, Bill, from inflation possibly feeding back into some pressure on T&D spending. I mean, obviously, that didn't show up in your results in this quarter. I just wondered, to the extent you could speak to - do you see that creep into the conversation anywhere? Maybe unpack kind of CapEx versus OpEx on T&D and the sort of visibility that you have looking forward kind of 12 to 18 months in that segment?
Bill Sperry: Yes, I think - I don't know that we have any particularly acute insight into the balance there. I mean, I think it's quite an important question as to how supportive the PUCs can be, and if the consumer starts getting quite pinched here. I do think you're right that utilities have been quite effective in getting a lot of their spend into capital and away from O&M such that they can be - they ultimately would get reimbursed with a return on capital for that. But I think your question is one that we'll have to keep watching because it's not something that's evidencing itself yet in any of our demand profile. 
Jeff Sprague: Right. Thanks a lot. I'll leave it there. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Steve Tusa with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Steve Tusa: So, I guess my question is really around kind of the second quarter. How do we think about the progression over the course of the year? And is there any lumpiness with this price-cost dynamic that's going on that we have to think about when it comes to either year-over-year sequential performance as we kind of move through the year? Because clearly the year looks conservative here, but I'm just wondering how that plays out seasonally and sequentially. 
Bill Sperry: Yes, I think, Steve, as we look at the second quarter, there is some momentum in the sales side. And I think you're right to point out that the commodities, starting really at the very beginning of March, I think triggered by the invasion, started to reinflect and reinflate, and that creates only the need to keep getting price. And so, we're anticipating getting some more in the second quarter and trying to just navigate through that. But we are just anticipating, Steve, with the visibility that we have in our book and the backlog, that we'll have some similar trends to what we saw in the first quarter. I'd say of note, we usually see a decent sized seasonal pickup from first quarter to second quarter. And because the first quarter was really using some of its backlog to support its levels, I don't think we'll see that same level of sequential pickup up of seasonality. I think that'll feel a little more muted and it'll look a little more like momentum, I would say.
Gerben Bakker: Maybe the only thing to add to that is, as we are one month into the second quarter, the order patterns remain quite robust as similar to what we saw in the first quarter, so.
Steve Tusa: Right. So, a pickup, but maybe not as much as normal seasonality?
Bill Sperry: Yep. 
Gerben Bakker: Absolutely.
Steve Tusa: One more question for you. What happens when these draws roll over? Historically, you guys have had some negative pricing in some instances. What's the kind of playbook for when things soften up on the input side?
Bill Sperry: Yes. I think it's going to start with the dialogue we've been having with our customers in the channel, Steve. And we've been very clear that our price increases are not a surcharge on steel or copper or something like that. It's really part of quite a broad-based inflation profile. So, yes, commodities are a big part of that. Yes, people costs, compensation costs are a big part of that. Transportation costs are a big part of that. Medical is a part of that. So, even if let's say steel or copper were to start to soften, we've, I think, got the right dialogue with our customers that that's not an immediate cause for a price decrease. And so, at the same time, I'm sure those conversations will be had, and we'll just need to make sure we keep reinforcing the value proposition of what our products play in front of the meter, behind the meter, and the solutions they provide. But also, it just feels to us, Steve, like there's still a real shortage in supply. And so, having the supply is really worth something. And that's why Gerben, I think, keeps pointing out the awards that we're getting for serving the customer and trying to keep that as positive a relationship as we can. So, that'll be a battle, but we feel well be up to it.
Steve Tusa: All right. I hope the Rangers give Dan a win for his birthday tonight, and I'll go figure out my car issues. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question is from Tommy Moll with Stephens. Please go ahead.
Tommy Moll: Morning, and thanks for taking my questions So, backlog up quarter-over-quarter. One gating factor you highlighted is just the chip shortages that have impacted shipments for your AMI meters business. I'd be curious for any context you can provide there, but also more broadly to the overall enterprise, what additional detail can you give us on maybe the magnitude where youre revenue constrained or the areas of constraint that are most acute? Thanks.
Bill Sperry: Yes, I think the areas, Tommy, if I were to point to them, on the material side starts with chips. You pointed out the area of our business that that impacts. I would say resins would be an example of another material that's not been consistently available. And that causes some disruption in our enclosures business inside of power systems, as well as our Electrical Products business inside of the Electrical Solutions segment. But I think also other inputs outside of those materials, I do think that our absenteeism continues to be higher than if I air quoted normal going back a couple of years pre-COVID. And so, when you combine sort of a 9% volume increase going through the pipe, and you're staffing at individual sales, its kind of uncertain day to day and week to week, and you don't exactly know which materials you're going to have. We just are ending up with spending more inside of our plants and not running as efficiently as we could. And I think the third place to point out is youve got materials, youve got labor, and the third is transportation. And that's really been most affecting, I would say, our residential business where they've got a purchase for resale model, taking a container in. As those containers prices really spiked, that just really ate into the profitability of that business. So, I'd say those are the most acute contributors to preventing us from being - firing on all cylinders here.
Gerben Bakker: Yes. And I'd say on those two, you're absolutely right, Bill. Those are two that are fundamental. They, in our view, will probably take the rest of this year, with chips probably into next year to solve that. So, one of the things we're spending a lot of time on, as I said at the beginning, is to kind of redesign product, whether it's alternate materials or alternate design with chips. Now, chips are going to be hard to get, no matter what chip you do. So, it's a little more challenging. But whats really causing so many inefficiencies is that consistency of supply. And that's probably a bigger issue for us right now, is the starts and the stops. And when you're running factories, that's not good for output and even worse for cost. So, that's where were perhaps struggling the most in that it's not the most efficient cost on that volume that we're getting. And then you see the fall-through on that volume not being as good as it could be.
Tommy Moll: Appreciate the context there. Shifting gears for a follow-up, on distribution automation, you talked about some growth-related investment. I wonder if you could frame for us what that entails. What are the opportunities you're chasing down and what's a rough type of timeframe to be able to harvest some benefits from that investment?
Bill Sperry: Yes. So, you're talking specifically about DA or specifically about the investment that we put in our outlook bridge?
Tommy Moll: My assumption was the former as a subset of the latter, but ...
Bill Sperry: It is a subset. It's just not all of it. So, but I think - so let's start with the bigger piece. And I'd say some of that investment has gone into capacity, and as Gerben highlighted in our power system segment. But a decent amount is going into new product development. And Tommy, we've got an Investor Day planned in the next six weeks or so, and we're eager to see some folks there. And we're anticipating doing a little bit deeper dive into some of the new product development that we're working on. But were targeting certain applications, certain areas of high growth that we think we've got the right to compete in. And yet your question is a good one, which is, that kind of investment isn't going to pay back this year. Well start to see some benefit next year. But I really think you're right to point out that that's got a couple of years before you really start to see that. And yet we think that's a really important part of the story going forward is being able to grow faster than GDP and to really get the gross margin growth by having new products that have a value proposition that can extract a better gross margin. And on the distribution automation side, it just happens to be one of those areas where we think the control and protection of the grid in between the meter and the infrastructure is really an area that's got just a lot of opportunity for growth, given some of Jeff's questions about the need for utilities to keep their O&M down. And it's just a place where we think we've got a right to play and a right to win. And so, that just - you're right to call that a subset of the other.
Tommy Moll: Thanks, Bill. I'll turn it back 
Operator: Yes, sir. Our next question is from Nigel Edward Coe with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Nigel Edward Coe: Thanks. Good morning, guys. So, I was 10 minutes late joining the call, so I apologize if you've addressed this already. But what was the major reason for the divergence between the electrical margins and the performance down margins in Electrical, and obviously very strong in utility? It sounds like logistics and inflation, more impactful there, but any more color there would be helpful.
Bill Sperry: Yes, I think a couple of things that were specific inside of Electrical, one was the business unit facing off against residential, Nigel, is facing some difficult compares. The first quarter, really the first half of last year saw some extraordinary spending in the home remodeling area because people were essentially trapped in their homes and weren't allowed to get out and about. So, they decided to invest in their nest, as they say. And so, those volumes were down, and then that was exacerbated by the fact that our resi businesses purchased for resale largely. And so, the cost of containers then to bring that product across the ocean, really, really hampered the margin. So, if you - if we had had the same year as last year, you would have seen margins flat in Electrical. We spent an extra half point on restructuring in the segment, and we are excited about the fact that that'll create productivity and margin next year. So, we think a very good investment. But those two things, you would have seen margin expansion without those, but you're right that just the non-material inflation and some of the inefficiencies that Tommy was just talking about, that sort of eats into the tailwind provided by volume and price material tailwind.
Nigel Edward Coe: Okay. Obviously, lots of questions on price already, but I'm just curious if you - maybe just a bit more definition on how you see the price material balance sort of through the year. And what is your assumption, just to be clear, on commodities here? So, is it flat from here, down for the year? Or are you seeing some modest, I don't know, deflation? That's not the right word, but what are your assumptions on commodities?
Bill Sperry: Yes. Our assumption is that there's continued to be inflation throughout the year, and that materials are going to cost more than they did last year. And we are priced for that and have actions in the second quarter consistent with that. But it's also important to say that our pricing is informed by more than material, because we certainly, on the transportation side, on the human resource cost side, medical, salaries and wages, benefits, P&E, our sales people are back out on the road. So, there is just non-material inflation, and its more, it's overwhelming what you can do with productivity initiatives. And so, I think, Nigel, it puts a little more burden on price. And so, it's maybe to our benefit that we have been so obsessively focused on price as a company for the last five quarters, because we really, really need it.
Nigel Edward Coe: Yes. Well, 12% price is pretty wild. And then just finally, a quick one on the oil and gas - your oil and gas business. Can you just mark us to market on where that business is right now? I think it used to be mainly an offshore business, but in light of the oil price and the drill baby drill kind of stance from the administration, what are you assuming for that business this year, and where are they tracking relative to kind of 2014 levels?
Bill Sperry: Yes. So, it's down to about 5% of our sales at this point, Nigel. But it saw a good quarter that's inside - we combine it in our heavy industrial piece inside of the Electrical segment. And we saw good return of margins as the volume came back. And so, we continue - as important as energy is to the economy here, we continue to feel that us providing explosion-proof products, mostly in the upstream part of that process, it's - I think its near-term future with energy prices where they are, looks pretty good. It just is a much - it's quite a small piece of the total at this point. 
Nigel Edward Coe: Yes. Okay. Thanks, Bill.
Operator: Your next question is from Chris Snyder with UBS. Please go ahead.
Chris Snyder: Thank you. So, in the prepared remarks, the company noted that orders outpaced revenue, leading to further backlog build. Can you provide some color on what the 2022 guidance assumes as it relates to this backlog, whether it be released at some point during the year or even just further build over the next three quarters?
Bill Sperry: Yes, it's a very interesting question, Chris, because I don't know that we have a great crystal ball on - I think we would start with the premise that orders of 25% is probably not the sustainable rate of orders that we anticipate seeing over a prolonged amount of time. And so, I think your question is getting at, when will those orders start to more normalize? And I think the contributors right now continue to be, they're expecting price increases. So, you'd rather put the order in before. The on-time - the promised delivery date is on an extended time, rather than fast. And so, they're ordering more to make sure they get in line. And I think Gerben was saying, on the utility side, there's still quite a bit of fundamental drivers on the volume side. And so, we think as lead times come down - so as the supply chain smooths out, that should bring the orders more in line. I'm not really sure when that happens. And so, we don't really have something explicit, but I think we are saying that we see enough momentum in orders, combined with enough backlog, that gave us the confidence to raise our sales outlook for the year by two points of price and one point of volume. But your question is harder for us to really see, and we're sort of hoping that as that correction happens, we've got the backlog in place to be able to make that a soft landing rather than a dislocation. And that's - at this stage of the game, that's our anticipation.
Chris Snyder: No, I appreciate that. And I totally understand it's a hard question to answer with a lot of moving parts. So, guess for my follow-up, maybe a bigger picture one on utility. Obviously, this has always been a long cycle resilient business, but with the addition of Aclara, which now presumably has a pretty sizable backlog, and an increased focus on renewables, which appears structural, how's the floor on this business been raised? And when I say floor, I'm talking about it from a growth perspective, just because it feels like these secular drivers are now a bigger piece of the business and it's somewhat hard to see why those secular drivers reverse away from the company. Thank you.
Bill Sperry: Yes. I would say, Chris, and Gerben may have more to say, but we traditionally have really probably thought about that business, that segment as a GDP grower that had a really high MRO driving base to it. And so, we would have, kind of in a traditional medium range plan, had a low single digit growth rate for that. And I think we've seen that fundamentally shift towards a mid-single digit growth rate. And I think we continue to believe that's the case. So, I totally agree with you. kind of went from a GDP MRO to sort of a secular grower, and that's because we can garner some decent margins in that area. That's a welcome shift from us. And Gerben may have more to say.
Gerben Bakker: Yes. No, I would be bullish on both really sides of that portfolio, because as more renewables come up onto the grid and the grid continues to get older, it just is very, very stressed. So, I'd say on the core business its just a lot of hardening going on. That's multi-year projects. I see that business GDP plus as well. And then, certainly on the Aclara side, the automation, the grid automation, the modernization of the grid, making it more efficient, we've talked a lot about that, how that has attractive growth. So, I'm quite bullish on that whole utility business.
Chris Snyder: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Josh Pokrzywinski with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
JoshPokrzywinski: Hi. Good morning, guys. So, within the new four to six on the volume piece, how should we think about what you guys are sort of holding back as contingency, unable to deliver in backlog because of the supply chain? So, I guess, maybe said differently, like, so if you could get everything you needed to supply chain wise, like what does that four to six look like?
Gerben Bakker: Yes. I mean, I think it's a hard question because if you looked at our order rates, they're so far exceeding out, but if you could miraculously solve everything and have unlimited capacity, it could be much harder, but that's not the reality. I think as we kind of look at the year, I think Bill said it, we do see momentum carrying into the second quarter. Where it gets more uncertain is towards the back half of the year for us, and probably most pronounced in the fourth quarter where we're projecting perhaps a more seasonal - return to a more seasonal level. So, if orders hold up and we can continue to solve for supply chain issues and keep our productive capacities increasing, there could be some upside there. But its, I'd say by single digit, small increments, not huge. The order patterns should not be reflective of what the possibilities are.
JoshPokrzywinski: Got it. Okay, that's helpful. And then on the structuring front, I mean, as much as there's been kind of a multiyear assessment of the footprint, you guys sort of have different challenges today than you might have three years ago. I think for bandwidth purposes, for maybe contingency on where you need to make stuff, like how much has maybe that footprint assessment changed as a result of what we've gone through over the past, call it year? And are you spending that restructuring differently than maybe you had been historically?
Bill Sperry: Yes, I think that we had, as you pointed out, sort of started out with a multi-year vision, accompanied with a multi-year Gant chart of projects. And we feel really happy with the result of those. I'd say the biggest thing that's changed to inform that, Josh, is not COVID. It's been the creation of Electrical segment and bringing all the businesses on that half underneath a single management team. And I think as they think about competing collectively, they see opportunities to share production and become more efficient with the square footage. So, what we started, I think, has been breathed even a new - some new life into it. And again, we'd anticipate talking to you a little bit about that at our Investor Day in June, if you have the chance to join us. I think you'll hear Pete Lau, who runs the Electrical segment, talk a little more about that. And so, we think that - I'm sort of happy to try to keep the spending sort of flattish so we don't really have to talk maybe about year-over-year. I don't want to kind of distort our performance. And so, I kind of like - I like where we are in terms of the spending and the saves being kind of creating some earnings momentum, but not necessarily creating dramatic headwinds from year-over-year anywhere.
JoshPokrzywinski: Got it. That's helpful. I'll leave it there. Thats all Ive got.
Operator: Your last question is from Christopher Glynn with Oppenheimer. Please go ahead.
Christopher Glynn: Thanks. Good morning. Congrats on the recognitions and on executing all that price. Curious if there's any sense that the need for incremental pricing is starting to taper, notwithstanding that you have some incremental price coming through in the pipeline. But from a holistic sense, is there any basis now to start to develop that view of a leveling on the horizon?
Gerben Bakker: Yes. Maybe I'd say if we compare it to last year, the magnitude and the frequency is, we clearly anticipate that to be less. However, I think its important what Bill pointed out. We're still seeing inflation this year. We saw tapering a little bit towards the end of the year, going into this year, particularly steel, but after the invasion, we've seen not only steel, but aluminum, copper, and then the normal ongoing inflation. I think if you look at the numbers, they're quite robust for inflation. So, we have additional pricing actions that we'll need to take to continue to offset price cost. We've done quite good at it. So, I'd say, more actions are expected, but not at the probably frequency of magnitude that we saw last year.
Christopher Glynn: Okay. And want to go back to Chris's question. We talked about the further - the advance of the organic profile for the Utility Solutions. You're at really high levels right now, and T&D up 30%, 31%, maybe mid-high teens volume on nicely positive comparisons. Is it possible for correction at this point, or is this just the fundamental higher gear shift from connecting renewables and those fundamental secular drivers?
Bill Sperry: Yes. I think the nature of a correction that we could envision, Chris, would be kind of what Gerben was describing. We had the magic wand that could make as much power systems products as was demanded. And the lead times went down to overnight. I think demand would quite adjust to what's needed. And I would argue though that what's needed still is something in the mid-single digits order of magnitude greater than last year's. So, the correction, I don't really see being in the form of it going to contraction. I see it settling in at that mid-single digits. And the question is, do we get there nice and smooth, or do we get there rapidly? And how do we - do we have enough backlog to bridge that? And those are - that kind of question is just is a little bit difficult for us to predict. 
Christopher Glynn: Okay. great. Thanks for those thoughts, Bill.
Operator: And that ends the question-and-answer session. I will now turn the call back over to Mr. Gerben Bakker, for closing remarks.
Gerben Bakker: Great. Thanks, everyone, and I appreciate the participation and engagement with us this morning. I'd like to close with reminding you that our investor conference will take place in person again after a few years, a couple of years I think it had been, on June 7 in New York City. And we look forward to sharing further detail on our strategies and our long-term value for customers and shareholders with you there. So, thank you and have a great day.
Operator: This concludes todays conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect. Stay safe and well.

===== 2021 Q4  (2022-02-03 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day. Thank you for standing by and welcome to the Fourth Quarter Hubbell 2021 Results Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] please be advised, that todays conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand the conference over to Dan Innamorato. Thank you. Please go ahead.
Dan Innamorato: Thanks, operator. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us. Earlier this morning, we issued a press release announcing our results for the fourth quarter 2021. The press release and slides are posted at the Investors section of our website at hubbell.com. Im joined today by our Chairman, President and CEO, Gerben Bakker; and our Executive Vice President and CFO, Bill Sperry. Please note, our comments this morning may include statements related to the expected future results of our company and our forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Therefore, please note the discussion of forward-looking statements in our press release and considered incorporated by reference into this call. Additionally, comments may also include non-GAAP financial measures. Those measures are reconciled to the comparable GAAP measures and are included in the press release and slides. Before we get started, we also want to highlight that all results in our press release in the materials for this call are presented on a continuing operations basis, excluding the financial impact of our C&I Lighting business, following the recent closing of that divestiture, and the classification of C&I Lighting as discontinued operations. Weve also recast prior period financial results on a continuing operations basis to ensure were presenting the most relevant year-over-year comparisons and baseline for future results. These recast financials are summarized in this mornings press release. Now, let me turn the call over to Gerben.
Gerben Bakker: Great. Thanks, Dan and good morning, everyone. And thank you for joining us to discuss Hubbells fourth quarter and full year results. As you saw from our press release, we achieved a strong finish to 2021 with solid operating results in the quarter. The performance of our core continuing operations in the fourth quarter exceeded our expectations, which were embedded in our most recent outlook a few months ago. Most notably, our Electrical Solutions segment drove exceptional performance, with close to 50% year-over-year growth and adjusted operating profit in the fourth quarter. Demand remained strong for Utility and Electrical Solutions. We grew backlog further in the fourth quarter, as orders continue to outpace increased shipments, particularly in our Utility segment. For the full year 2021, we grew orders more than 30% year-over-year, and are exiting the year with a record backlog. While we expect supply chain dynamics to remain tight and continue to constrain output into 2022, we are confident that grid modernization and electrification are secular trends which will drive attractive GDP plus growth over the next several years. And we will talk more about our unique positioning and the investments we are making. From an operational standpoint, I am also pleased to highlight we turned the corner on price material in the fourth quarter. We achieved 11 points of price realization, which fully offset the impact of material cost inflation on a dollar-for-dollar basis, though material inflation has been an accelerating headwind throughout 2021, we have been proactive and aggressive in our pricing actions, which have stepped up significantly as we have progressed through the year, and this sets us up well to turn this equation into a net tailwind in 2022. Finally, we are providing our initial 2022 outlook this morning, which anticipates strong double-digit adjusted earnings per share growth. We will talk about the outlook in more detail at the end of this presentation, but we expect continued strength in customer demand and significant price material tailwind to enable Hubbell to continue to navigate through a challenging supply chain environment, while investing in our business to better serve our customers, all while continuing to drive strong financial results for our shareholders. We thought it would be helpful to give a brief update on our portfolio and strategy, following the divestiture of C&I Lighting. What we have achieved with this strategic action is a more focused portfolio with leading positions across the energy infrastructure in front of the meter, behind the meter and at the edge. Strategically, we are focused on providing our customers with reliable and efficient critical infrastructure solutions in markets with higher growth and margin characteristic, where we have a unique right to play and ability to win. Note, that we have broken out the Electrical Solutions segment for you, to provide more context on our product offering and market exposure, highlighting the depth and breadth of our electrical offerings across the industrial, non-residential and residential markets. However, as we announced over a year ago, we now manage this segment as a unified business to more effectively utilize the combined strength of our branch, products and organizational talent in order to better serve our customers. This integration has been highly successful, and you will see some of the early returns on this strategy when we take you through the Electrical Solutions results. In the Utility Solutions segment, we continue to believe that we have a best-in-class franchise with two highly complementary businesses. Our leading position across components, communications and controls enables us to offer uniquely differentiated solutions to our customers across electric, water and gas applications. Utility Solutions now represents over half our total enterprise sales, following the divestiture of C&I Lighting. We are very pleased with the evolution of our portfolio and we believe these actions position Hubbell well for the long-term. We continue to view portfolio management as an ongoing process, and an important lever to drive value for our customers, employees and shareholders. Hubbell has a proven track record of effective capital deployment, and we expect to continue deliver active  attractive returns to our M&A model. Now, building off the portfolio discussion, we also wanted to highlight the importance of ESG to our strategy. Hubbell has made significant progress on ESG over the past year, increasing our disclosures as well as setting multi-year targets for improvements on key metrics. We released our Inaugural Sustainability Report in late 2021 and we encourage all of our stakeholders to view this report on the Sustainability section of our website and to continue to actively engage with the Hubbell leadership team on ESG topics. ESG at Hubbell is directly aligned to our business strategy. In our Utility Solutions business, our products are critical to ensuring that electricity is transmitted and distributed safely, reliably and efficiently throughout the grid. As the leading Utility T&D Components supplier, we play a critical role in bolstering the resilience of the grid as well as in hardening the infrastructure to withstand the impact of climate events and enabling the transition to clean renewable energy. Our unique combination of utility components, communications and controls also enables us to play a leading role and making the utility infrastructure smarter across electric, water and gas applications. In our Electrical Solutions segment, we provide solutions that enable the owners and operators of critical infrastructure to reliably and efficiently utilize electricity. These solutions are serving increasingly diversified end markets as electrification drives more applications to be plugged into the grid. Electrical T&D, Utility Automation and Controls, Renewables, Data Communication and Electric Transportation are among our most attractive market verticals currently. And we see significant opportunity to drive further value for our customers and shareholders in these areas. When we talk about orienting our portfolio towards high growth, high margin verticals, these are the areas of our portfolio where we see the most opportunity and return on invested capital. And for these reasons, we are stepping up our investment levels in 2022, reinvigorating our innovation strategy is a key priority for Hubbell. But we plan to innovate, while sticking to our roots and evaluating opportunities through a lens of where we have a clear right to play and ability to win. For instance, it has become increasingly clear to us over the past several years that our Power T&D Components business has transitioned from a GDP grower to  sustainable GDP plus trajectory and we are investing an additional capacity in key product categories in that business to effectively serve strong and visible customer demand. Weve also driven substantial recent growth in our electrical connection and bonding offering, for solar, telecom and data center applications, and we are investing in additional sales and engineering resources there to more effectively pursue those opportunities. We are confident that we can accomplish this, while continue to deliver attractive and differentiated earnings growth over the near-term and long-term. And with that, let me now turn it over to Bill to walk you through our near-term financial results and outlook. Bill?
Bill Sperry: Thanks a lot, Gerben. And good morning, everybody. Appreciate you joining us. Im going to use the slides to  to guide my comments and I hope you found those. Im going to be starting on Page 6, which takes the fourth quarter results for us on a continuing operations basis. Ill make some comments when we get to the  the full year on how discontinued operations contributed so that we can see things on the same format that we started the year on. But you see, the first quarter results showed impressive sales growth of 20% to $1.1 billion. That 20% is comprised of 4% acquisition and 16% organic. The 16% organic is comprised of 11 points of price and 5 of  5% growth from unit volume. So very healthy amount of growth. I think commenting on the acquisition growth of 4 points, there were three specific acquisitions that contributed to that in the fourth quarter, one, on the Electrical Segments side, two on the Utility side. The Electrical side, we had invested in business that  that makes the amounts and enclosures and antennas for some of the new telecom technology rollout some of the 5G product exposed to education and healthcare and warehouses some  some verticals that we liked. We also bought an Enclosures business in the Utility area that that makes Enclosures at street level and pedestal level that electric and telecom utilities put a lot of their electronics in. And the third was in Distribution Automation area, where were controlling and protecting infrastructure and all three of those businesses exhibiting high margin and high growth. For some of those, we invested just about $235 million in those and so  Im spending some time illustrating those because I think its important that we compare that to thinking about our portfolio changes as we just this week closed on the sale of C&I Lighting and thinking about bringing in these higher margin, higher growth businesses forward and swapping out that  that more challenged lower growth, lower margin businesses, some that were happy to keep continuing as Gerben mentioned in our M&A strategy. Well talk more about the five volume points on the next couple pages when we talk about the two different segments. But in general, despite the impressive year-over-year growth of the 20%, its also good news, I think sequentially compared to the third quarter, we saw an increase and usually typical seasonality would suggest that fourth quarter will be slightly down. So to be up, I think is a testament to some of the backlog that Gerben had mentioned that we had built during the year, as well as some sequential price that came in. And  and Ill talk a little bit more about how our price has progressed. And really good news as Gerben described is turning the corner. Our operating profit, also impressive growth at 15% to $153 million. The margins side, however, you see was about 60 basis points lower than previous year. I think the good news to point out about that is as our quarters progressed, this is showing a tighter to prior year level than weve seen year-to-date. And I think setting us up to show you margin expansion next year. And its really been driven by the price-cost dynamic. You know, on the cost side, you know we always look at each quarter compared to the prior  the quarter of the prior year. And in that viewpoint, the material inflation really accelerated and continued to increase throughout the year, which caused us to have to be quite aggressive and responsive with our pricing. And so, two ends this quarter with 11 points of price just to contrast that in the first quarter, we had pulled 1 point of price, you can see how diligent and effective a process thats been during the year and Hubbell working very closely with its customers and thoughtfully on how to do that. I think in particular, very encouraging to us to have gotten the fourth quarter to a point that were neutral on dollars between price and cost. I think its really interesting to note the math on  on margin, you know to just have comparable OP with higher costs and higher sales. We actually had a couple of points of margin headwind, even though we were dollar neutral. And so thats kind of speaks to the fact that we still got, we believe work to do and were looking forward to getting those margins expanded in 22. Earnings Per Share up 20% in line with sales, a larger increase in operating profit as we had tailwinds in non-op areas, including in a better than prior year on the effective tax rate, as well as a lower interest expense. The free cash flow, you see 70% growth to over $200 million of cash, but Im going to save my cash flow comments till we get to the full year I think cash flow is better talked about not just the quarterly dynamics, but across really the  the entire year. So turning to Page 7, well start with the Electrical segment results. And this is really where the continuing operations effects. You see 22% sales growth to $489 million. We had 1% of that was acquired 14 points of price pulled in the segment and 8% unit growth. So, very impressive sales growth, impressive pricing performance  impressive unit expansion. Of note, to that 13 points of price is ahead of the company at 11 which is indicating that our Electrical segment is ahead of our Utility segment by about a quarter in terms of getting that price pulled in concert with our distributor customers. I need to comment on the 8% unit growth. We had impressive growth in the Light Industrial product area. Some verticals that are really providing attractive dynamics in renewables, data centers are quite attractive. The 5G rollout area which Id mentioned before, Heavy Industrial we saw double-digit growth, quite strong recovery there, non-res on a continuing ops basis, our exposure is cut in about half to non-res. But we saw some growth there expecting that to continue. The one area of softness was in residential. And that was really not a demand comment. But a  on the supply side, a lot of constraints there that prevented our resi business from growing. On the operating profit side, you see 48% growth to $67 million of  of operating profit, margin expansion of 250 basis points. And you really got a lot of levers working for us here. One is the incremental drop through on the unit growth. And second is this segment had gotten themselves to a positive tailwind position on price above material costs. So, impressive financial performance, I think not coincidental to the financial success is the success of us creating really a new Electrical segment. You recall a year and a half or so ago, we  we had been reporting this really as three different businesses, bringing it together under one segment has really allowed us to compete collectively. And I think weve got some good traction on that front. I think weve seen both effectiveness benefits as well as efficiency, I think were more focused on our customer. This pricing performance, I think is driven in large part to be able to  to do that across an entire segment rather than battle it individually and certainly efficiencies in marketing and product development and in operations as we utilize factory and distribution center, network space. So, very successful implementation of really that  that one segment, which is quite similar what we had achieved on the Power side many years ago. Worth mentioning the full year for Electrical, because this certainly was a quarter of some relatively easier comps. But for the full year for the Electrical segment on a continuing ops basis, we did see 30% growth in operating profit and 150 basis points of operating margin. So, really successful year as well for the segment. Page 8, flipping to our Utility solutions. Same story for Utilities that weve had over the past few quarters, impressive growth of 19% to over  to $612 million. We acquired through the two companies I mentioned, 6 points of that growth price accounted for 9%. And the unit growth was about 4%. So, that 9% as you see is a little bit behind where our Electrical segment is. But when you see the trajectory, the first half was about 2 points for utility. Third quarter was about 6 points, fourth quarter 9 points, so you can see how were trending and setting up well for 22 and well talk about our outlook in just a minute. The 4% unit growth really is being driven by demand in our Power Systems area where upgrades, system hardening and modernization continues to be important needs on the part of our customers we get  as Gerben was describing, the demand that we saw far exceeded our units shipped. And so we have some decent visibility into Power Systems. On the Aclara side, the chip shortages did impact our Meter business there. Our results were down a little bit in the fourth quarter. And were anticipating that showing improvement next year as well. On the operating profit side, you see roughly comparable at $86 million of operating profit but down about 3 points. So again, a slightly similar story to what we talked about in the third quarter, where the price material headwind, though weve gotten price up to 9 points, were still havent fully caught up on it on a dollar basis yet. We see that catching up in the first quarter and ultimately in the second half, beyond catching up on dollars, we think we can start to get margins to expand in the second half here. So, I think the franchise extremely solid and as  as price-cost kicks in, youre going to see a solid year we think in 22. Pull the lens back to see the full year for our continuing operations, sales up 14%, the acquisitions were about 4, price was 6, and units were 4, last if you just remember that 6 points of price for the whole year when we talk about next year, that number is important, because we ended the fourth quarter with a 11 and that leaves us with 5 points of wraparound price, which well talk about in our outlook coming up. Our operating profit, you see up 8% to $610 million. You see a 14.5% achievement for the year. Just to remind everybody, we burden our  our operating profit with our restructuring expenses, we consider those part of running the business. We  we dont have a corporate segment. So thats fully loaded also for any corporate overhead. And so, Id like to think of that 14.5% as kind of a trough number with a year with  with a dramatic price-cost dynamic. And that will be onward and upward from here with both our new electrical portfolio as well as  as price-cost turning the corner for us. Earnings per share, you see up 13% at $8.05. So this again on the continuing operations basis. If you look that as on the format that we launched 2021 on and you included the adjusted results from C&I, we would have been around the middle of our guidance range in the full year of performance. And really since October, when  when we were talking about guidance last, our C&I, the discontinued ops have underperformed and our continuing ops have done better. So we got to that relative mid part of the range kind of with  with the strength of our continuing ops. On a free cash flow basis, you see a difference between 20 and 21, 20 being a year where we had our sales down 9%. And in a year like that, youre essentially liquidating working capital making working capital source. Here you see 14% sales increase that required an increase in investment in working capital, notably in receivables and inventory. The supply chain unreliability I think caused us to be quite conscious about investing even more in inventory in the fourth quarter. And so you see that $424 million achievement was about at 96% of adjusted net income. So well have a short of our target of 100 driven by that  that working capital need. And I think that will inform us as we talk about our 22 guidance. So, on Page 10 Id like to start looking forward here and show you how  how we think 2022 is  is going to play out. And it really starts with the unit volume on the sales side which were thinking in the mid-single-digit range. We continue to think non-res can grow, Light Industrial can grow. We think our T&D Electrical Utility components can  can grow at the stronger end. And so, the combination of backlog and growth is good there. If you think about how our order book looks in January, you continue to see quite strong demand into the New Year thats supportive of that volume of outlook. Mentioned the price we achieved 11 by the fourth quarter and 6 for the year. So thats 5 points of wraparound. And so as we build our waterfall from our $8.05 starting point, you see two really good contributors, the incrementals dropping through on the volume. And then the price-cost productivity bucket being nice and tall and green. We dont think its going to be the full effect of the 5 points of price, because inflation  the second pair besides price and in addition to price, material cost is non-material inflation against productivity. And we are anticipating continued inflation from areas like salary and wages and transportation. And we expect headwinds in those areas. Our productivity is going to be hampered a little bit by returning costs in areas like T&E, we think our salespeople are going to have much more time on the road being able to be with our customers, things like medical and other items, we think our returning costs that will prevent productivity from fully offsetting inflation, but still a very healthy contribution from that second green bucket. Weve got EPS centered at $9. Nice double-digit growth to that. Not all of that volume and price is going to drop through, were anticipating making some specific investments. On the innovation side, weve got some new product development efforts underway in attractive high growth areas like renewables, utility, automation and comms. We think theres some areas there that were really well positioned to invest some of this goodness and come out in 23 beyond much stronger. Theres also some capacity expansions in the Power area, which has really continued to grow. So well be  well be adding some capacity there. In the non-operating, you see  essentially a breakeven were anticipating, initiating some share repurchases with the proceeds from the sale of C&I Lighting. Were thinking that could be in the neighborhood of $125 million or so. Weve got plenty of  authorization from our Board to execute on those levels. Theres also some positive contribution from other income relating to some credits we anticipate getting for supporting transition services around our divestiture and that all nets against anticipated of a normal tax rate which would reverse some of the tailwind we had this year. So, net of that double-digit growth to $9. On the free cash flow side, were anticipating similar range to this year. We finished at 96% this year and as we grow, we think that the investment and working capital is going to be continued to be required. And we also believe that we will be investing on the capital expense side and growing that double-digits way to support the Power expansions. And on the Electrical side, a big aggressive plan around automation and driving efficiencies there. I think of note, you see that organic investment. But you dont see the benefit from inorganic investment. And the same way we had that $235 million of investment in three deals last year, we would hope to be able to deploy some capital on the acquisition side. And we have quite an active pipeline and finding higher growth, higher margin acquisitions, we hope will enhance this outlook. So with that, Id turn it back to Gerben for  for comments on the New Year.
Gerben Bakker: Great. Thanks, Bill. And before we begin Q&A, Id just like to underscore a couple of key points from this mornings presentation. Hubbell is well positioned for the near-term and long-term. We enter 2022 with a high quality portfolio of complementary businesses, which are strategically aligned around the electrification and grid modernization, and with visible strength and demand. While the operating environment remains uncertain, we are turning the corner on price costs and continue to navigate a dynamic supply chain environment to effectively serve our customers. The outlook we have provided you this morning reflects strong fundamental operating performance and we are confident in our ability to deliver. And finally, I want to highlight that we are planning to hold an Investor Day in New York on June 7th this year. Well, we look forward to giving you further insights into our long-term strategy. And with that, lets turn it over to Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Jeff Sprague from vertical research partners. Your line is now open.
Jeff Sprague: Thank you. Good morning, everyone.
Gerben Bakker: Good morning, Jeff.
Jeff Sprague: Hey, good morning. I apologize, I missed a little bit at the beginning of the call here. But can you just elaborate a little bit more on you know, the price realization in Electrical? Is it broad-based across you know, the entire segment? And whether or not you have kind of additional price coming into the market to begin the year here?
Bill Sperry: Yeah, Jeff. It is quite broad-based in Electrical. You know, close cooperation with our customers wasnt easy certainly. And there was many price poles, but thats been a good success story for the Electrical team. And I think right now were planning it that the wraparound. So how we exited the year is going to be the wraparound, you know as theres continued inflation, wages and other areas there may be need to pull price. And as Im saying the kind of mass of dollar neutrality leaves you margin short. And thats another reason that we might need to still not be done on the price point. You know, so I think theres some  were planning it as a wraparound and  and kind of see how it develops.
Jeff Sprague: And the price material positive for Electrical thats a dollar number or a margin rate number?
Bill Sperry: Yeah, its a dollar Number. Yeah.
Jeff Sprague: And on Aclara, I get it, you know, the semi shortages and the like. Do you have any visibility on just kind of improving supply there? I would imagine youve been working on supply you know for the better part of a year here. Just wonder if theres any kind of light at the end of the tunnel or anything else going on with site access or anything that might still be holding that business back.
Gerben Bakker: Yeah. So specifically to Aclara, Jeff, the chip shortages are continuing. You know, we expect those to continue well into 2022. Theres obviously a lot of work going on to build chip capacity. But  but as you know thats multiyear you know, timing to get those up and running. So, you know certainly our  our plans and projections continue to project that that were going to be dealing with these challenges throughout 2022. You know that so, I think access has gotten better you know certainly you know weve been  weve been hearing theyre held back with  with you know Omicron coming up. We are about to wrap up a big project in a big IOU utility this quarter. So well put that behind us and  and have continued to be able to do this. So Id say its probably less access and more material shortages that are  that are holding that business back. And thats you know more broadly on our entire business the case and  and weve done a lot of work I think you know as Bill explained, sequentially weve continued to  to increase our production. And thats  thats a function of solving some of these things, not only in our own plants, but supply chain. So we do see it getting better, but  but its slow coming Id say.
Jeff Sprague: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tommy Moll from Stephens. Your line is now open.
Tommy Moll: Good morning and thanks for taking my questions.
Gerben Bakker: Good morning, Tommy.
Tommy Moll: Gerben, I wanted to start off on the investments you have budgeted for some of the innovations. What additional can you add, if anything on  on some of the specific product  product development initiatives you have underway? And then as we think about the dollars budgeted here, is there any way you can frame it just total size of that budget maybe 22 versus 21? And when you do allocate those dollars, whats the rough payback period or  or cycle time until you see first revenue? Thank you.
Gerben Bakker: Yeah, great. Let me  Ill start with that and Im going to kick it to Bill to kind of provide some color on  on the  the numbers around it. But it is first of all geared towards these higher margin, higher growth opportunity. So you know think solar, think data centers, think utility products you know we have portfolio of products that are  that are adjacent to those. So its  its in a lot of cases modifying products that  that we make for those specific applications. Id also say its, its not just about product, but its about production. And you know when we talk about the capacity that were adding to serve as the Utility and you know, one example of that is actually a little bit of restructuring and investment, were taking three sites and were consolidating those into one. And on top of that, adding additional capacity to one of our  our Enclosures business at needed capacity to serve this  this increased demand not only from Utility, but from  from the Communications market that really has been grown and we continue to see and grow as GDP plus. So its  its not one area, I would say, but its definitely more focused for us to  to do this in you know areas that matter for us, higher growth, higher margin areas. And  and that takes investment. And maybe Bill, you can give a couple of comments of on the magnitude.
Bill Sperry: Yeah, the magnitude, Tommy, good morning. You know weve got about $0.20 in that waterfall dedicated to the investments and on the payback cycle you know that  that does not pay back you know this year, well start to see good traction next year. And the way our plans have in year three really start to get your payback there. So, but I think well have lots of intermediate signposts that tell us that the investments can have a big and nice payoff. And  but we think weve picked some really kind of nice return lower risk places like Gerben was highlighting.
Gerben Bakker: Yeah, maybe Id close. Wanted to say, I mentioned in my comments, Investor Day coming up in June. And Id really encourage you to  to you know, join us for that thatd be an opportunity where we look to be more specific on some of the investments that were making and innovation. So I think well  well provide some more color there as well.
Tommy Moll: Well be there. Just  just a quick follow-up on the EPS outlook youve provided for the full year. So double-digits on  on full year 22 versus 21. Anything you would offer to help us frame the seasonality in terms of the contribution across the quarters maybe just comparing it to a typical cadence?
Bill Sperry: Yeah. Yeah, its interesting, Tommy. We  we think its returning to look a lot more normal seasonally on the top line. And you know what Id say on the earnings front, thats a little bit challenging is you know, for Jeffs question, we have really, really nice insight on price. We know whats in the market. We know what our products are selling for you know as a LIFO company, theres just a little bit of uncertainty on the material cost and you know, were starting to see steel costs potentially come down. And so, we  Im not sure weve got that pegged perfectly to know that  that up the earnings level, it will behave seasonally. But because the top line is, weve got it planned out in a much more seasonal way. I would say the way were looking at price cost. Its slightly back-half weighted benefit. But  but Im not sure that our  you know, were using jump off points right rather than have perfect knowledge of where the costs are going to be.
Tommy Moll: Yeah, fair enough. I appreciate the insight and Ill turn it back.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Tusa from JP Morgan. Your line is now open.
Steve Tusa: Hey, guys. Good morning.
Gerben Bakker: Good morning, Steve.
Steve Tusa: Can you just give some color on you know, the  the segment margins and you know, any  any drivers there may be just like price-cost spread between  for both of them for 22?
Bill Sperry: Yes. So on the Electrical side you know, Steve by  by the end of the year, they had gotten ahead. But  but for the year, they still had headwind on the price-cost side. And so, I think that theyre really benefiting from  for the year anyway, really having that volume kind of dropped through an attractive way. And so I think the Utility guys, in contrast, are about a quarter you know behind that, Steve and the Utilities themselves have just been  takes a little more time to get those price pulled through versus our distributor partners I think were  were quite nimble as  as the year progressed, and this became the order of the day. And so you know the Utility folks had  had more than those 3 points of price you know were  were coming  3 points of margin negative compare or more than that was coming from the price-cost. So I think the key to us getting Utility margins up in the second half of next year is getting that price to catch up and crossing over. So its going to be quite important to  to that for us to  to achieve that.
Steve Tusa: Great, thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brett Linzey from Mizuho. Your line is now open.
Brett Linzey: Thanks, and good morning.
Gerben Bakker: Good morning, Brett.
Brett Linzey: Yeah wanted to come back to the  the order growth, 20%. How does that split between the segments? And Im curious you know are you seeing any more advanced ordering as  as customers look to  you know secure a spot? Or any double ordering? Or is it really just commensurate with the underlying demand youre seeing in your core markets?
Bill Sperry: Yeah, I would say that the order pattern has been skewed towards the Utility. And our unit shipped you know was a little lower in Utility. So a lot of the backlog has been built on that side. And I think youre right to point out that the order pattern is above what our expectation for a sustained you know annual you know growth rates will be. And so, I think Utilities are doing a lot of things, they  they see the promise to deliver dates gap out, and so theyre getting in line, theyre seeing some of the materials you know be available erratically. And so theyre making sure theyre in the queue and they see price increases. So they want to be you know ahead of that and so for all those reasons, I think that demand and yet you know they really have the need to put that product into the Utility infrastructure and so thats  thats been pretty skewed towards the Utility side, Electrical on their side has had  they have built backlog and then they built a decent amount of backlog but  but not nearly as much as Utility I think were seeing distributors order and they can basically sell it when  when they order it on the Electrical product side.
Brett Linzey: Yeah, that  makes sense. And then on that point with the order backlog is  is some of that were you know subject to you know repricing or there escalator clauses within that. You talked about some of the inflationary pressures youre seeing sort of outside roles just  just thinking about how  how they might be able to move up over you know over the course of the year on a repricing basis?
Gerben Bakker: Yeah, thats  I would say there is a very little, we probably have the pockets here and there where  where we see this, but for the most part, we dont. And thats one of the reasons when Bill talked about that lag between you know when we see commodities come up, when we go at price and where we actually start to realize that, be in you know a little longer in Utility is exactly for that reason, right, theres more demand out there, more orders that have  have been placed with future dates. So it takes us a little longer to recover it. But  but clear and weve shown  showed this chart in the past where we kind of show price and cost over longer cycles. And you can see that over the cycles, we show being you know equal or even net ahead. But that it can take some time. And thats really the view we take with our customer, the longer-term view of you know having to recover cost increases with price. Thats one of the reasons we  we are able to effectively do it. We do a good job communicating this. Were fairly consistent in our approach of doing it. But yeah, it takes a little time to recapture, but then we hold on to it on the other side as well when  when we see commodities going down, thats  thats that dynamic that weve shown over  over time being  being net positive for our story.
Brett Linzey: Yeah, it makes sense. Thanks a lot. Ill pass it along.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Josh Pokrzywinski from Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Hi. Good morning, guys.
Gerben Bakker: Hi, Josh.
Josh Pokrzywinski: So I  I want to continue the discussion here on price-cost and maybe some specific inputs and sensitivity. So I dont buy a lot of boot place, farrell connectors, whatever those are, but you know just looking over at the catalog there, theres an awful lot of steel or stuff that looks like its made out of it. And with the LIFO maybe you know deflation a little bit more  more imminent. But could you just sort of you know help us with the sensitivity to steel in particular, since thats kind of rolling over here. I mean, you know just kind of doing some back of the envelope like you start to come up with numbers and the like, the dollars of EPS tailwind. And since were heading into that in the next couple of quarters you know how do you think about kind of snapping the line on you know some of the futures rates out there on steel if you were to hold the price like is it that big? Or is there something on you know either price leak or  or some other inflationary item that we should you know just keep an eye on so we dont run away with individual points?
Bill Sperry: Yeah, I think you know the math problem that youre solving, youre coming at it you know an interesting way and the same way that I look at it, right, where you have gross margins in this you know 30% range, so you got  you got your COGS up there in 70 kind of point land and sort of half of those COGS is labor and overhead and burden. So, the  the balance of half of those COGS is a combination of component costs, sub assemblies, purchased for resale amounts as well as some raw materials. And when you look at the raw materials, and youre right to look at a catalog and you  theres aluminum and copper for sure, but steel is, would be our largest exposure. And so you know as weve been looking at the forward numbers and watching the market you know you kind of have seen copper in the relatively flattish area, youve seen aluminum in a favorable area and certainly steel youre  you may be seeing in the  in the favorable area. So as that unfolds you know to the extent there is some sustained movement you know down from here you know that would be you know upside to how we see the plan. And you know in order to accomplish that you got to basically hold on to the price, which is why where Gerben was talking about the conversation with the customer right, we very specifically, you know, Josh, do not have those conversations as a steel surcharge, right, we have it as a set of broader inflationary pressures so that when  if a customer were able to see you know steel going down that they dont just ask for the price cut down. So, its  its hard for us to say the sensitivity because if it goes down a lot, youd give up some price. So its not just the subtraction of that. But youre  youre right to point out that steel is the biggest. Then youre right to point out that  that it can  it can be  it can be you know sensitive. So youre right to point that out.
Gerben Bakker: Yeah, yeah maybe to add a couple of concepts as we think about 22 more generally, I would say there is among the many things that we look at then and track two, I would say commodities as key, one is commodities and inflation and whats going to happen with that inflation, particularly those related to supply chain things like freight and labor. And  and you know whats the impact of those on our results? And the second one really the ongoing supply chain challenges, and whats the impact on volume, so commodities and inflation and volume are really two big leverage. Youre right to point out that this point and were tracking this closely, steel is showing some you know retrenchment, but Id also say still plenty of challenges. One, steel is the biggest copper and aluminum are also pretty significant for us, one that were actually looking at right now is aluminum. You know what made a lot of that is coming out of Russia. And you know that needs to play out still here. So  so we said early in the year, Id say while  while we do see some upside on steel particularly right now theres still a lot of uncertainties this early in the year. So you know our approach is to monitor this closely and as the quarters go well you know well certainly update you. And if that requires updates to our  to our guidance, well do so. So.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Great. Thats super helpful detail, and Ill squeeze in a shorter extra one, just because of that. In the  the T&D Components section, is there you know kind of a Pareto of growth in there, you know as it pertains to some of these mega trends like grid hardening? Or you know is it you know kind of evenly spread across that segment? Different way of saying, do you sort of own what you need to own to capture the upside? Are there areas where youd like to double down?
Bill Sperry: Yeah, I would say just on the infrastructure hardware side. You know I think we feel really great about our position and feel like we have a leading position. As you get to the edge and meters, we feel like were a very important leading player there. So one of the places thats exciting to us is that space in between the meter and the components and areas of automation and control and protection. So thats kind of place where youll see us some of the questions came up about new product development will be there as well as frankly acquisition potentials as well. But if youre talking just T&D Components, we feel incredibly well positioned with our breadth of product, our relationship with the customer. And I would say, Gerben during 21 given all the ups and downs for the Utilities and dealing with their suppliers, it feels to me like our relationships probably improved in our ability to kind of work well with them during you know a volatile year.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Perfect, appreciate it.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. Presenters you may continue.
Dan Innamorato: All right, great. Thanks, everyone for joining us and Ill be around all day for calls.
Gerben Bakker: Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen. This concludes todays conference call. Thank you for participating you may have  you may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-10-26 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Hubbell Incorporated Third Quarter2021 Results Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode, after the speakers' presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Dan Innamorato, Senior Director, Investor Relations. Thank you. Please go ahead.
Dan Innamorato: Thanks, Paul. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us. Earlier this morning we issued a press release announcing our results for the third quarter 2021. The press release and slides are posted to the Investors section of our website at hubbell.com. I'm joined today of our Chairman, President and CEO, Gerben Bakker; and our Executive Vice President and CFO, Bill Sperry. Please note that our comments this morning may include statements related to the expected future results of our company and are forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Therefore, please note the discussion of forward-looking statements in our press release and considered incorporated by reference into this call. Additionally, comments may also include non-GAAP financial measures, those measures are reconciled to the comparable GAAP measures and are included in the press release and slides. Now let me turn the call over to Gerben.
Gerben Bakker: Great. Thank you, Dan and good morning everyone and thank you for joining us to discuss Hubbell's third quarter results. You've likely seen our press release announcing the definitive agreement we reached to sell our Commercial & Industrial Lighting business and we'll give you some further commentary on that in a couple of minutes. But let me start my comments with some key takeaways for the quarter. First as you're here, throughout this morning's presentation, demand remained strong. We continue to see broad based order growth across markets and businesses within both segments. Year-to-date, our orders are up approximately 30% and our third quarter ending backlog was up over 60% versus prior year. In our Electrical segment, strong demand is being driven by recovery in industrial markets, as well as pockets of strength in verticals like telecommunications, solar and industrial manufacturing. In our Utility segment, orders continue to accelerate sequentially, driven by ongoing grid hardening and modernization investments. As we noted in this morning's release, supply chain disruption affected our production and shipment levels in the third quarter, leading to further backlog build a strong order rates continue to outpace sales. While we expect these headwinds to persist in the fourth quarter, we are confident that we are serving our customers effectively throughout this dynamic environment. We have been aggressive in qualifying alternate sources of supply for key components, paying premium rates to expedite materials and reallocating internal resources to drive higher production and shipment output. We have also continue to take aggressive actions to drive value for our shareholders. Most significantly, we are executing unprecedented levels of price realization across the enterprise which have accelerated in pace and magnitude as the year has progressed. We achieved seven points of price realization in the third quarter, up significantly from 3.5% in the second quarter and 1% in the first quarter and we expect further acceleration in the fourth quarter and continue to project that we will be priced material positive in the quarter. Finally, we are updating our guidance to reflect third quarter results and our latest outlook for the fourth quarter. We will walk you through the moving parts in more detail, but we are modestly lowering our range versus our prior expectation based primarily on incremental supply chain disruptions to unit volume and productivity levels. This morning we announced that we reached a definitive agreement to sell our Commercial & Industrial Lighting business to GE Current for a cash purchase price of $350 million. This strategic decision positions the portfolio for higher growth and margin characteristics and enable us to expand our focus and strength in core markets where we provide reliable and efficient critical infrastructure solutions. This portfolio move will create value for our shareholders and the company. As we've talked about in the past. Lighting is an important product category to our customers and within the broader low-voltage electrical market, and we are confident that GE Current is the right strategic partner for the business going forward. Looking ahead, this portfolio reshaping will allow Hubbell to more effectively focus our strategic investment decisions on core areas of our portfolio where we have the ability to strengthen our position in markets with higher growth and margin characteristics. We see significant opportunity to accomplish this across both our Electrical and Utility segments. With our portfolio strategically aligned around clean energy mega trends and grid modernization and electrification, we are well positioned to solve critical infrastructure problems for our customers, while driving differentiated financial results for our shareholders over the long-term. We expect to deploy the net proceeds from the sale to accretive bolt-on acquisition, as well as share repurchase. As we noted in our press release, this transaction is subject to customary closing conditions and regulatory approval and is expected to close in the first quarter of 2022. Let me now turn it over to Bill to give you some more context around our financial results for the quarter.
Bill Sperry: Thanks, Gerben. Good morning, everybody. Hope those of you who here in the New York area are enjoying the Nor'easter here. I'm going to start my comments on page five, and there really are three recurring themes, they're going to go through the overall results, as well as breaking it down by segment. It starts with the V-shaped recovery in demand, which we're experiencing very broadly across both segments. Second is the inflation being driven by that demand, that's resulting in our pricing strategy, quite aggressive and getting great traction and good stick rates and will talk more about that. And third is the physical disruption that's coming from the uncertain supply of labor and materials, it makes it harder to plan to shift and has both capacity constraints, as well as inefficiencies and you'll hear that throughout our comments. So on page six, will show the results for the enterprise, sales up 9% to over a $1.2 billion. I think it's important for me to unpack the drivers of that sale - of sales levels. There is more unusual drivers here than is typical. So we've got starting with acquisitions at 3% that is quite normal. We've got acquisitions across both segments. We're very pleased with the exposures, we have acquired in these situations. On the Electrical side, we've gained exposure to the communications components as part of 5G rollout. On the Utility side, we've added enclosures capacity, high growth, high profit area, as well as controls and protection inside of distribution automation area. So that - those three points, we're quite happy with where we've invested there. In addition to the acquisition there's seven points of price, I'd say that's the unusual piece. And so as you do the math, you'll see that volume is actually down a point in the quarter and that has some impacts ultimately on margins here. So, going over to operating profit, you see a 4% decline to $174 million, compared to the prior year and that's result of the volumes being lower and the price cost drag, as we continue to get price, the cost inflation continues to drive up quarter-over-quarter. As we look at the OP sequentially from second quarter to third quarter, we see that the OP dollars in percent are reasonably flat, which is suggesting that the incremental price is equal to the incremental inflation. And so we'll get ahead of that as soon as we see moderation on the inflation side and as Gerben saying, we're expecting that now and in the fourth quarter. On the earnings per share side, down a similar percentage as the operating profit down 3% to $2.24. And on the free cash flow side, generating $70 million, you see that's below last year's levels, last year's situation quite different where we were actually harvesting working capital, and in this case with the V-shape recovery we're investing very heavily in areas like receivables and inventory to make sure we support the growth of the business and our ability to service customers. You'll see as we get to the full year outlook still confident in free cash flow generation. We announced, as I think all of you saw last week an increase in the dividend, high single-digit increase in our dividend rate. I think that's a good sign for you all of our confidence in the free cash flow generation and we are anticipating quite a strong fourth quarter of cash flow performance there. So now let's disaggregate into our two segments. We've got our products and solutions positioned behind the meter and in front of the meter to the edge. We'll start with the behind the meter business, which is Electrical Solutions. And you can see the Electrical team had quite a nice quarter here, a 11% sales growth to $612 million and 9% operating profit growth to $76 million. Again, I think important to unpack that sales drivers of the 11%, we have about 1% from acquisitions and 8 points of price, which results in about 2% increase in volume. And where we're seeing the strength coming on the sales side is really led by Industrial. We're seeing strength in heavy Industrial, which has some steel applications. I think you've been noticing some of the profit reports of some of the steel manufacturers. We've also got on the lighter Industrial side applications in communications and solar, those verticals providing quite a lot of growth and the Harsh & Hazardous business in Industrial serving the oil markets also seeing strength there. So the exception on the non-res side has been on the C&I lighting area, where we've had, I think, as we've talked with you all before, an important driver of market growth has been the national account business, namely big-box retailers and quick-serve restaurants. When they roll-out projects across their real estate portfolio, big drivers of volume and those discretionary projects have been a little slow to restart. They've also had - the chip shortage has affected the Lighting business volume. But the 9% growth in operating profit, driven by the couple of points of volume, which is creating drop-through. We're seeing productivity and restructuring tailwinds and the price material, we've gotten a price here in the segment. The Electrical team is a little bit ahead of the Utility team. They've neutralized the inflationary effects of materials, but to stop at neutralizing the dollars leaves a percentage margin headwinds. So the - and the inefficiencies of the supply chain costs. But a strong quarter there for our Electrical team in getting price and satisfying customer demand to drive an increase in profit. On page eight, we have the Utility Solutions results for the quarter. You see 8% increase in sales to $600 million for the quarter and a 12% decline in operating profit to just under $100 million. Again, as we unpack that sales number, of plus 8, acquisitions drove 6 points and price drove another 6 points. So our volumes there were down 4 points. Now let's talk a little bit about two different elements of the Utility Solutions segment. First is the T&D component area, comprised of the transmission and distribution component business, Hubbell Power Systems legacy business, as well as the gas distribution, that last mile of components in the natural gas area. Both of those business lines experiencing very strong orders, sales of double-digit growth, and yet the orders were even higher than that, and we were actually building backlog there and the labor shortages, both at hourly and supervisory levels continuing to impact ultimately the capacity as well as some component shortages, material shortages. Notable area would be resins going into our enclosures products. On the Communications & Controls, again, on the - you've got the Aclara side, which is the advanced metering infrastructure and the meters themselves, as well as the distribution automation products. The Aclara order book continues to grow very handsomely. We've had $200 million of orders a quarter all year. That's been steady and improving, showing a very healthy demand. Aclara team not able to satisfy all that, as the chip shortage affects their ability to assemble the final products and get those shipped out. So the operating profit, the price that we've gotten there of 6 points still is resulting in a drag relative to the material headwinds of about 3 points, that's similar to the drag that we experienced in the second quarter. And again, the team keeps getting price, it's about equal to the incremental inflation. So it's waiting to catch up and we're anticipating a big fourth quarter of pricing in Utility. And that combines with some of the inefficiencies coming from lower volumes and supply chain to drive down the profit in that area. So we thought it would be useful to put together a picture on Page nine of our full year outlook. And you can see that on the sales side, we've raised and tightened the sales range up to 12% to 13%. We're anticipating 5 points of price for the year, which implies close to double digits in the fourth quarter. That's an important exit point, I think, and the acquisition has given us 3 to 4 points there. The earnings per share at $8.30 to $8.50 in recognition of third quarter performance and what we expect in the fourth quarter. And cash flow, we're anticipating to be around 100% of adjusted net earnings, and that's in recognition of the increased investment in receivables and inventory that we anticipate. On the right side, we wanted to share with you some of the actions we've been taking and try to illustrate why we think we're setting ourselves up for a strong '22. And it starts with the inflation we've experienced on materials and inbound freight. That's been at about a 15% clip. And you see a significant drag of 6 points to our margin from that. The response has been to pull price, and as that's progressed quarterly from about 1 point in the first quarter to 3 points in the second to 7 points in the third to 10 points in the fourth, we're seeing very good stick rates. We're very confident in those price increases. And so you see that we clawed back $200 million in price. But having - ending the year with a 10% pull and a 5% average, you can see the kind of magnitude of price, cost tailwind that we're anticipating next year. And again, that's as soon as cost would be to flatten out. You certainly can see the wraparound of price that we'll get. The next headwind comes from cost inefficiencies and productivity, where some of the shortages of labor and materials causes us to be inefficient and spend more money. And we've overcome that with our productivity and restructuring activities. This green bar up 100 basis points, has got contributions both from savings from investments we made last year and spending at a slightly lower level this year. Just to remind you, we had about $30-ish million of restructuring spend last year, we're anticipating around $50 million this year. And then volume at the end where our products are going to earn their fair share, but we also think we can supplement that with investment in acquisitions. So for each of the headwinds that's thrown at us of inflation or supply chain disruption, we feel we've got effective management levers to offset those and again, set us up into a positive 2022. So with that, I'll turn it back to Gerben.
Gerben Bakker: Great. Thanks, Bill. And while we're not providing specific guidance for 2022 at this point in the year, heading into '22, we believe we are well positioned as we expect continued strength in our markets and operational tailwinds to drive strong results. Near term, above-average levels of backlog visibility gives us confidence in continued demand momentum into the early part of '22. While we do expect orders to taper as supply chain conditions normalize, our businesses are exposed to secular trends in grid modernization and electrification, which we expect to drive sustained market strength over a multiyear period with GDP plus growth. Operationally, we expect significant carryover benefit from price realization, which should more than offset carryover material inflation into 2022. While we expect certain supply chain headwinds to persist into next year, we will continue to actively drive productivity actions to mitigate and are confident in our ability to drive overall adjusted operating margin in 2022. We're also confident in our ability to drive strong free cash flow generation next year to progress on working capital efficiency. We have a strong balance sheet and anticipate investing excess free cash flow to generate attractive returns for our shareholders to support our long-term capital deployment strategy. Finally, we believe that this morning's non-divestiture drives a reshaping of our portfolio towards higher growth and margin profile, further enabling us to deliver differentiated performance and long-term returns for our shareholders in '22 and beyond. So with that then, let's maybe turn it over to Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question is from the line of Jeff Sprague with Vertical Research. Your line is open.
Jeff Sprague: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for the additional detail here today.
Gerben Bakker: Thank you.
Jeff Sprague: Good morning, first on the lighting Gerben, congrats on that. I guess you'll be glad we stop pestering you on that now going. But can you share a little bit - well two things. That revenue number looks lower than the revenues you reported in the segment. Are you keeping a piece of the business And secondly, can you give us a little bit of color on the profitability of the piece you're selling so we can kind of understand kind of the earnings ramifications of the exit pre your redeployment of the proceeds?
Gerben Bakker: Yes Jeff, let me - maybe we'll tag team this with Bill, and I'll answer certainly the first question. You're right to point out that the revenue is reflective of the C&I portion of our lighting business. And those have been with us for a long time. This used to be a group in it by itself lighting over the last couple of years as we spent a lot of time in these businesses, restructuring them, realigning them. We really split those two things up because they're very different businesses, the C&I business from the residential business. So you're right to point out that it's only a portion of the overall lighting business that we're selling here today. And maybe I'll make one more comment on what will probably be some other questions on this is, as we look for and we have talked a lot about you about lighting. One of the key responsibilities of this leadership team is to strategically manage our portfolio. This happens through acquisition and growth, and this happens to divestitures and rationalization. And I certainly talked in the past about the efforts on the latter. We're taking very aggressive action on a SKU rationalization. We talked about how we're doing that much more scientific today. We've taken product lines that were more valuable to others out. We did that two in the last couple of years, one in high-volt business in electrical. Earlier this year, we took our consumer engagement business from Aclara. And now you see a larger one. So what I'd say this work continues on both sides. And the end result strategically for us is to drive a higher growth, higher-margin business out of this. So I think Bill, maybe you can give some color on the profitability of this.
Bill Sperry: Yes, so Jeff, the C&I side of the businesses, which we sold has been - earning in the high single digits of EBITDA. And that's what it would contribute in a year.
Jeff Sprague: Okay. And on the wraparound price right, that is pretty obvious and quite a number. Certainly, probably none of us have seen in our careers. But I wonder the confidence on the inflation side. I mean, do you actually see some visibility that there is some actual relief on the COGS side of the equation or is that just kind of a supposition at this point?
Gerben Bakker: Yes, I don't know that we see relief, I do think we've seen some moderation, and I'd maybe differentiate between materials, which had been pretty steeply inflecting starting in last year's fourth quarter through the first two quarters of this year. We started to see some signs in the third quarter of some moderation there. And then that was backfilled unfortunately, by transportation costs, container costs for our inbound freight. And so that caused the inflation really to persist through the third quarter. And so I think on the material side, our biggest is steel Jeff, and you're starting to see some evidence of that flattening, which should be really welcome. A lot of the forward analysis I've been reading is talking about costs actually coming down, but that's not something we've been banking on. And so we're - a plateauing is where are lapping would allow us to get some tailwind.
Jeff Sprague: Yes, so probably the bigger question then on the margin bridge when we - when you bridge us in 2022 is going to be these questions of just availability and factory inefficiencies and the like there. Do you see any kind of any relief there or any kind of improvements in your ability to predict and schedule production effectively or?
Gerben Bakker: Yes, I would say, first of all I agree with you. We try to take two bars, which have the huge magnitude. And if we can get the red one flattened, we know the green is going to be positive that would be great because you can see how the inefficiencies are a much smaller problem. And in terms of productivity and restructuring investing, we can overcome those. More specific to your question, I think on the labor side, we have seen some improvement. A little more reliable, reliability in terms of when people are going to show up and being able to schedule a sell and a shift properly. The materials though continue to be less reliable, I would say. And it's a little bit challenging, Jeff, because I would argue that our vendor base hasn't been the best at communicating what we should be expecting they kind of surprise you and say you're on allocation one day and then take that down the next. And so, it just takes a lot of energy to evaluate other alternative supplies and to maybe design around some of those problems and shift resources around. So I think, we are seeing that persist through the fourth quarter. But it's just something we have to navigate through.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Steve Tusa with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Steve Tusa: What are you seeing in terms of like construction projects and potential deferral due to inflation anything there?
Bill Sperry: I mean, for us, the - our non-res has got lighting in it as well as wiring and connector type products. The lighting, we're thinking, which is showing some softness, is a little more driven by the large national account stuff fees, like rolling out a quick service restaurant program amongst your franchisees. But the rough in electrical and those type products that are construction based have actually been pretty steady, actually for us. I don't know that I have a super keen insight beyond that, but those non-lighting non-res has been okay.
Gerben Bakker: Yes and maybe just certainly, so far this year, our sales have been selling through. And I would agree Bill, that we haven't seen a lot of movements to the right project. As a matter of fact, we could be selling more if we could get through all those supply chain issues right now. There is certainly a part of the order rate that isn't sustainable. Probably tied more to lead time push out to customers trying to secure supply so, we do expect at some point the order rate to come down some. But we're not seeing a lot of movement to the right at this point.
Bill Sperry: Yes maybe said, if you put a little math behind what Gerben said Steve, we got orders up 30%. Don't know that 30% of shipments could be absorbed, but certainly more than the 11%, 12% sales that we have could be absorbed. So that's kind of - I know maybe that's a pretty wide goalpost, but that's kind of what we're seeing.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Tommy Moll with Stephens. Your line is open.
Gerben Bakker: Good morning, Tommy.
Bill Sperry: Let's go to the next one, operator I think
Gerben Bakker: Tommy if you're talking Tommy, we can't hear your question.
Operator: Okay. I'll proceed with the next person in the queue. Your next question is from Josh Pokrzywinski from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Yes, that's me. Good morning, Gerben
GerbenBakker: Welcome, Josh.
Josh Pokrzywinski: So maybe first question, I know lighting is sort of kind of bottom of the list in terms of price cost over time. I guess, Bill, maybe first, what would that - those two bars look like this year kind of pro forma for the absence of lighting? Does that situation improve in its absence?
Bill Sperry: Can you say it again?
Josh Pokrzywinski: That if I look at on slide 9. The red and the green bar for...
Bill Sperry: Yeah.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Price and material inflation this year. What do those look like x lighting? Like does that relationship start to get closer? It seems like that business historically struggled a little bit more on price maybe versus the rest.
Bill Sperry: Yes. I would say they probably aren't prone to any more inflation than the average other than for the LED product, the chip availability has been a shortage problem. But I would say you're right that in terms of price, they've not been able to pull. So in a - that's been - that's caused some of the SKU on the year.
Josh Pokrzywinski: And then just on the inflation wrap, we spent a lot of time on the pricing wrap, which all very helpful. But is there anything kind of contractual or specific to a year-end cycle where the roll into 1Q or first half is higher than the 4Q exit rate just based on something that's lagging? Or do you guys kind of at the run rate on inflation in 4Q, do you think?
Bill Sperry: Yes, I would say not materially. And again, as a LIFO accounting company, we're kind of recognizing that most recent cost in our runs. So we're sort of subject to that most recent price.
Gerben Bakker: Yes, I'd say maybe a little different from traditional ways of pricing where you come to the year-end and consider your inflation and reprice from that very similar to how we would have done it in a year like this, that's gone out the window. I don't think there's any company that's waiting for year-end to do it, but pricing throughout the year as they need it. And that's what we see.
Josh Pokrzywinski: And then just maybe one last one, if I could. Distributor inventory is maybe a little harder to see in Electrical, and I think probably fragmented across some of your end markets. Would those guys take more inventory if they could get it? Or kind of some specific stuff they're looking for?
Bill Sperry: No, they would take more, and they would take more at a higher price, too.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Christopher Glynn with Oppenheimer. Your line is open.
Christopher Glynn: So just curious, the slight down on the unit volume, do you have an estimate or hard knowledge or viewpoint on what percent impact volume was held back by the supply chain issues?
Bill Sperry: Yes. I mean, we don't - I don't know that we have science around it. But as we see the backlog pick up and we see everything selling through, I think it's clear that if we were making more stuff, it would sell through. And just when you see things like the sequential volumes not picking up much in the third and trying to be a little bit flatter in the fourth, you start to get a feel for - we got to get material in the plant and people in the plant to ramp that up a little bit, Chris.
Christopher Glynn: And on the 10% price or so in the fourth quarter versus 5% for the year is our analysis is simple as taking that difference and saying you're going to get 5% price next year? Or is there something that makes that too simple?
Bill Sperry: Yes. I mean it wraps around if you did it by quarter. You could say that there's going to be more impact in the first quarter when we only got kind of a point this year, slightly lesser in the second and kind of stepping down. But then you get back to Josh's question right, which is - and Jeff's question, right, which is if inflation persists in either materials or transportation, we'll keep pulling on the price lever. So it's kind of a dynamic compare, but I think if you were smoothing it not by quarter, but just by the year, and we stopped our actions right now, yeah, you'd see about a 5% ramp
Christopher Glynn: And just curious, the backlog you look at right now or maybe using that to project year-end. How do you see - like what's the size of backlog that's kind of abnormal? I think Aclara is really your only core backlog business. Just want to get a sense of that magnitude. Is it a couple of hundred million, for instance, that you would call abnormal backlog or?
Bill Sperry: Yes, I'd say there's two businesses that have pretty long-dated books, right? One is, Aclara, as you mentioned, the other is the gas component business, which has long lead times that customers are looking to schedule their projects in. And so when you normalize for that, you get a really big increase in backlog, a few hundred million. And I think what Gerben's suggesting is the 30% order rate seems unlikely to be the sustainable order rate. And so when price increases and supply chain start to normalize my guess is that order rate starts to normalize a little bit as well. But it's essentially taken our backlog from kind of six weeks to 12, right, is effectively what's happened. So it's almost given us a full quarter of the visibility basically.
Christopher Glynn: Okay, great. And last one for me. Any demand elasticity in any material areas from the price that's coming on?
Bill Sperry: I had trouble hearing you. Sorry, Chris.
Christopher Glynn: Yes, sorry. Just wondering if you're seeing any elasticity as you're putting price in?
Bill Sperry: Yes. I'd say the price stick is pretty broad across the board. The electrical distributor channel is welcoming the price increases. They're eager to push them through and they're not seeing any elasticity. I think on the utility side, it's been lagging by about a quarter to that rate. But again, I think we've had six price increases to utilities during the year. And a typical year we would get them at the blanket season, which is about this time of year. So it's quite unusual kind of pace and sequencing. And it's almost, Chris, more operational where the channel needs enough time to process the increase and get it adequately into their system rather than you can't just call them and jam it too quickly. So I'd say there's little elasticity with well-communicated processes.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Tommy Moll with Stephens. Your line is open.
Tommy Moll: Hi. Am I live now?
Gerben Bakker: Yes, we can hear you Tommy, we just couldn't hear you before. Sorry.
Tommy Moll: No big deal. Thanks for taking my questions. I wanted to start on the Lighting divestiture, a couple of questions there. You indicated the proceeds you plan to deploy for bolt-ons or share repurchases. Fair to discern that there's no large deal in the M&A pipeline from those comments? And then second question on the divestiture. You indicated it is part of the strategy to drive higher margins, higher growth rates, et cetera, across the portfolio. This is a pretty meaningful step on that journey. Any other big opportunities in front of you, say, in the next year or so that you want to call out for us on that same journey?
Bill Sperry: Let's start with the first question which is, should we assume that there's nothing sizable that we could do. I would say that would be a bad assumption. I think the pipeline has a typical spread, Tommy, of $30 million to $50 million kind of averages, but there are larger situations that we're looking at. And we certainly have both cash from these proceeds, cash on the balance sheet, cash flow and then a little bit of powder in the balance sheet itself. So I don't think you should assume that we don't have larger things. And then as far as future actions, I think if you looked over the last couple of years, we've sold a high-vol test equipment business a couple of years ago. We sold earlier this year in Aclara consumer engagement business and now this definitive agreement on C&I Lighting. So I think we've shown - and Gerben mentioned kind of our management kind of diligently evaluating with a very crisp tool, SKU profitability and kind of managing proliferation there focused on innovation and new product development that would raise gross margins on kind of the organic side. And I think that we're going to continue to evaluate opportunities both on the investment side and the divest side. So I think we've shown that over the last couple of years, and I think that's just how we just view that as our responsibility to keep evaluating that, Tommy.
Tommy Moll: So maybe following up on that same thing, Bill, in terms of the organic opportunities to drive above benchmark growth and drive higher margins. Some of the growth opportunities you've called out in the past include renewables, for example. But if you could just refresh us there on the organic strategy that you have in front of you in terms of the end markets where you think you could take additional share or potentially enter and what all initiatives...
Bill Sperry: Yes, we've really tried to reinvigorate and redesign the whole way we're approaching innovation and new product development. And one of the big benefits of creating an Electrical segment is the - and rather than have kind of three vertical lines of business is the ability to kind of stand up and evaluate the low voltage opportunities across all the areas of electrical and utility, sometimes sharing that R&D, sometimes sharing that marketing is really, I think, been a very invigorating new approach that we've taken since we announced the new Electrical segment. And so I think areas like renewables, things in data centers, areas around electric vehicles. I think all of those represent really interesting organic opportunities for us that we're planning on pursuing.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Nigel Coe with Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Nigel Coe: So just on lighting, back to lighting, I was a little bit surprised just the C&I portion was sold. What was the logic for divesting C&I but retaining residential at least at this moment? And the spirit of the question is that some of your peers have been selling lighting assets and they've been sold lock, stock. So just wondering, especially just in full disclosure, I will view the residential business as less strategic at Hubbell in C&I so just curious why selling C&I and retaining residential?
Bill Sperry: Yes, I think it starts Nigel, with the fact that the businesses are quite different. So the C&I business is an integrated one. It has plants. It has an agent front end that goes to the channel and to the projects versus the resi is a purchase for resale business. There's no manufacturing side to it that we have. And the customers are not the ED channel they are big-box retailers, homebuilders, showrooms and a very vibrant e-commerce channel. So we have been running the businesses differently. Yes, they're both lighting, but I hope through that brief description, they're really not that related. So when we were approached by a strategic, the interest was in the C&I side. I think there's quite a compelling story that, that strategic has to make about being, I think a really well-balanced competitor going forward. And so that's why we did it that way.
Nigel Coe: Okay, that's perfectly clear. And then Bill, on the mechanics of the sale, I mean do the earnings drop just go up before the sale or does that happen on the sale? I mean, do you have just to discontinue this business? And then when we think about the redeployment, doing the math around that, are the proceeds on a net basis, lower? I mean I think you've had this business quite some time. Is there a tax check to run here?
Bill Sperry: Yes, the tax friction is quite modest. And so, there's not as much friction as you might think. And so, I think you can run models of different mixes of share repurchase versus acquisition and you'll be close.
Nigel Coe: Okay, that's great. And then just any changes on the - on your sourcing around or the supply chain friction? I know you've historically brought in a fair amount in China. I think that's mainly on lighting. So I'd be curious if that's changing with this divestment, but any big change in the supply chain?
Gerben Bakker: Yes, I would say not materially. Those places where we source offshore, there's certainly a cost benefit even with some of the supply chain headwinds they remain. We have in certain cases, moved suppliers. I talked about it earlier. Bill talked about that where we've really been hit hard at times where we had sole supply and times where we had it to create some pretty critical suppliers just stopped supplying a lot of effort has gone into a second sourcing. And I think that will serve us well going forward. We have moved around, and this truthfully even was before this current situation when we had the tariff situation. We do have manufacturing footprint across the globe and the ability to shift that. So we have re-shored some there, but I wouldn't say whole scale big changes in our strategy. They are more in areas where we need the supply that we've either resource with their redesigned materials in certain areas and moved footprint. And that gives you - should give you a sense of the intense focus that has gone through solving this, right. So even if you think about engineering resources that would normally be working all their time on developing new products, a portion of that time is going to just finding alternate sources, qualifying alternate sources, redesigning some parts to get them, and it's really dynamic. But I can tell you this organization is stepping up to solve these issues.
Nigel Coe: And then just one more if I may. Slightly unfair question, but it would be interesting to get an answer from you guys. I mean are these challenges on manufacturing, labor, supply chain, et cetera, are they leading to any share shifts around either with your competitors or even as you supply the channel, are you allocating to certain distributors, but not others? I mean any sort of significant shift we should bear in mind?
Bill Sperry: Yes, I would say in our business, Gerben I spent time with the leaders of our biggest customers. The consistent message we're getting back is that we're doing as well or better than our competition. It feels not great to us to have the backlog build so dramatically. We'd love to be satisfying that. But the feedback we're getting and they would, be I think, straightforward about that if we were somehow lagging. And so, I think that we're holding more than our own is what it feels like despite the backlog really gapping out, Nigel.
Operator: And your last question is from the line of Chris Snyder with UBS. Your line is open.
Chris Snyder: I just wanted to follow-up on commentary around portfolio reshuffling and then specifically within that, the residential lighting business. And I guess the question is should we view the residential lighting business as core? I understand commercial, industrial and residential are run separately kind of for the comments? But the company has exited about two-thirds of Hubbell lighting by my math. And then commentary around wanting to push into higher margin, higher growth verticals may suggest that resi lighting is not core. Any color there?
Gerben Bakker: Yes, I would say Chris the one thing is to think - comfort and the fact that we're looking hard at our portfolio. We do, as I stated before, we look at that from a SKU perspective, we look at that from a product line from entire businesses and it's the growth profile of it. It's the margin profile of it, and it's a strategic fit long-term for our business. And that's resulting is our stake in portfolio actions on exiting or divesting, but it's also taking actions on adding to the portfolio. So, what I'll tell you is that work is very active in our company. And certainly, when that results in big moves, we will continue to have dialogue with you about it.
Chris Snyder: Thank you for that. And then just secondly, I really appreciate the detailed 2021 margin walk in the slides. It's really helpful. And I think the company said that you expect to be price material neutral in Q4. But I guess when should we expect kind of total price cost neutrality in normalized incrementals to return along with that?
Bill Sperry: Yes, so we - in materials, we include inbound freight. And so, if you're just saying price versus material and inbound freight, that's where we expect to exit the year with being ahead. And then we kind of take productivity and we net that against non-material inflation, wages and the like. And that's kind of the paradigm that we set up. So if you're saying - if your question was around price material, that's what we think will be overcoming by the end of the year.
Operator: And that ends our Q&A session for the call. I'll hand the conference over back to Dan Innamorato for closing.
Dan Innamorato: Thanks, operator and thanks everyone for joining us. I'll be around all day for any follow-up questions.
Gerben Bakker: Thanks.
Bill Sperry: Thank you everyone.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for joining. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-07-27 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and thank you for standing by and welcome to the Hubbell Second Quarter Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speaker presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today Dan Innamorato. Please go ahead. 
Dan Innamorato: Thanks, operator. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Earlier this morning, we issued a press release announcing our results for the second quarter 2021. The press release and slides are posted to the Investors section of our website at hubbell.com. I'm joined today by our Chairman, President and CEO, Gerben Bakker; and our Executive Vice President and CFO, Bill Sperry. Please note that our comments this morning may include statements related to the expected future results of our company and are forward-looking statements, as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Therefore, please note the discussion of forward-looking statements in our press release and considered incorporated by reference into this call. Additionally, comments may also include non-GAAP financial measures. Those measures are reconciled to the comparable GAAP measures and are included in the press release and slides. Now, let me turn the call over to Gerben.
Gerben Bakker: Great. Thanks, Dan, and good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us on this busy day to discuss Hubbell's second quarter results. I'm going to start my comments on page three with some key takeaways for the quarter. As you can see from our results and our press release this morning, it was a quarter of strong growth for Hubbell, with revenues and earnings each up over 20%. We are seeing broad-based growth across both our electrical and utility segments and within each of our major end markets. As anticipated, our operating margins declined year-over-year in the second quarter, due to the lapping of prior year cost actions, as well as inflationary headwinds, which we are actively mitigating through price and productivity. Operationally our second quarter results are consistent with our prior guidance, but we are now raising our full year adjusted earnings per share expectations at the halfway point. We'll walk you through our guidance in more detail later, but at a high level, we see stronger market growth and a modestly lower full year tax rate, relative to our prior guidance. And while inflationary headwinds are greater than initially anticipated, we are proactively driving incremental price and productivity to offset. We'll give you some more context around each of these dynamics throughout this morning's presentation. Turning to page four, to provide some more details on the results. Second quarter sales were up 26% and organic growth was up 21% year-over-year, as markets and customer demand were strong across both segments. In Electrical Solutions, we saw broad-based inflection across end markets, with light industrial continuing to lead the recovery and heavy industrial and non-residential markets beginning to improve as well. We noted coming out of the first quarter that electrical orders have turned positive and this trend accelerated in the second quarter, as demand remained strong and electrical orders continued to exceed shipments. Looking ahead, we expect our electrical markets to benefit from these recoveries in industrial and non-residential markets as well as longer-term trends toward increased electrification. In Utility Solutions, we continue to see strong demand for T&D components, driven by aging infrastructure and grid modernization trends. Recall, that despite the economic impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, our Power Systems business remained very resilient and grew revenues in 2020, as our electric utility customers are actively investing to upgrade and modernize the grid. These investments are driving attractive growth over the near and long term, including in our gas distribution business, which is effectively serving the growing need from gas utilities to harden and upgrade critical infrastructure. As anticipated, communications and controls markets returned to growth in the quarter as project deployments, which faced pandemic-related delays, have steadily returned. Operationally, adjusted operating margins of 14.5% were down year-over-year. As previously communicated, we took a series of temporary cost actions and salary reductions in the second quarter of 2020, which resulted in a one-time benefit of approximately $20 million, and we lapped that benefit this quarter. We also continue to face significant inflation from materials, freight and labor as the impact of tight supply chains across the industrial economy drives higher input costs. However, we are being aggressive in our response. We continue to utilize the strength of our brands to lead most of our markets in frequency, pace and magnitude of price increases. And we achieved strong price realization in the quarter of 3.5% with increasing traction into the second half. We also continue to realize significant savings from our prior investments in restructuring actions, particularly within the Electrical Solutions segment, where you're already seeing the productivity benefits of unifying that segment under a common leadership structure come through in our results. We will give you some more granular color on our outlook section at the end of this presentation and our expectations for the second half, but we are managing through a dynamic environment aggressively and proactively and we now expect to deliver stronger full year results than from where we said a few months ago. Let me now turn it over to Bill to give you some more context around our financial results starting on page 5.
Bill Sperry: Good morning, everybody. I know how busy you all are so appreciate you taking time with us. Page 5 has got some graphical representations of what Gerben walked through. So you see the 26% sales growth to $1.192 billion. That's got four points of acquisition in it, and it's got about 3.5 points of price. It unpacks to electrical growing at about 28% and utility at about 23%. So quite a broad-based and I think fair to describe, this as a V-shaped inflection for us comparing against the second quarter last year, where we were down just a little over 20% in total, a little more skewed towards electrical as Gerben highlighted. Utility was a little more resilient last year. So I think the other thing to comment on about the sales growth and about the $1.192 billion is sequentially the pickup from the first quarter is better than typical Hubbell seasonality. So not just does the V-shape feel like it's rebounding from last year's dip, but it also feels like building some momentum and some improvement from first quarter to second quarter. The OP line $173 million is an increase of 15% year-over-year. Gerben highlighted the fact that, this V-shaped recovery is bringing with it, a significant amount of inflation. And so we're working hard to get our pricing up to that level and we're making quite good progress on that. And we'll talk about that a little bit more in our segment discussions. And as you look at earnings per share on the lower left of page 5, you see an increase of 26% to $2.36, a nice increase that's in line with the sales level. To get there, we had some help from the non-op areas, most notably from tax. Some discrete items allowed us to have an effective tax rate in the quarter in the mid-18s, which would cause our full year tax rate to come down to that 21%, 22% range from what we would  started to expect of 22% to 23%. Second contributor to  on the non-op side is interest expense, a little bit lower this quarter. We mentioned last quarter. We had refinanced $300 million of bonds at about 130 basis points lower interest rates. So we're getting the benefit of that lower interest rate here in the second quarter. And the free cash flow of $131 million, it's important to think about what the right comparison and context for that $131 million is. Last year is a strange compare. In the second quarter of 2020, we were certainly reacting to the sharp contraction in demand and were harvesting the working capital section of the balance sheet collecting receivables, not building or investing in inventories. And this quarter, this year is a 180 to that. You basically have gone from the contraction to the expansion. And so, we're investing heavily in receivables and inventories. So, I think looking back to 2019 is actually pretty instructive. We've got a full year target this year of getting to $500 million of free cash flow which is around the level we achieved in 2019 and at the halfway point of 2021. This $131 million plus the first quarter gets us to about $170 million of first half cash flow which compares favorably to where we were in 2019. So feels on track and I think you got a story of quite strong revenues and continuing to navigate the inflationary environment, as we work to get our margins up to where they were last year. I think it's instructive though to unpack the enterprise results into the two segments because they are performing a little bit differently. We'll start with the electrical segment. On page 6 you see a 28% growth rate to $603 million of sales. That includes 1% from acquisitions. You'll remember us talking about the AccelTex acquisition, a really good investment made by the segment in the 5G antenna space. There's about four points of price in that organic growth of 26%. And so, you'll note that that's a little bit ahead of the average for the company at 3.5%. We're finding that the ED channel is quite receptive to these price increases. We find that they're passing that along the channel to the end user and installers. And most of what we're selling, we're finding selling through and not any kind of prebuy situation that we're noticing in the channel. The broad-based nature of this recovery is certainly notable. The electrical segment was down about 26% a full year ago. The next quarter it was down about 14%; the next quarter about 10%; and then flat and now up. So quite a noteworthy inflection and quite broad-based. I'd say if anything leaning to the industrial side as kind of leading us in the V-shape rebound. Certainly, light industrial has been our strongest end market. We're selling connectors, grounding wiring device-type products into that end market and experiencing attractive growth. But the heavy side is showing positive signs as well. Our Harsh & Hazardous business, which has been quite oil and gas based, we've worked hard to diversify the end markets they serve with explosion-proof devices. And they've returned to growth which is quite welcome, as well as heavy industrial components which are serving factories, steel mills, rail transportation and the like also showing good signs. On the non-res side, we had started the year a little bit cautious on non-res. We're anticipating some contraction there. We've been experiencing growth and interesting I think to be led at this point by the reno and retrofit side of the business. I think new construction the early indicators the leading indicators are looking positive there as well. So certainly we have a brighter outlook for non-res than we started the year. Inside of there we've got not only wiring devices, but our commercial and industrial lighting which grew over 20% in the quarter. And the resi business was -- it continues to be strong. And it sort of was strong all through last year. So they'll have harder comps to lap in the second half, but still showing some decent resilience there. So the team did a great job of getting margins to expand to 13.4%, 41% growth in operating profit to $81 million. The higher volumes are important. The restructuring work that Gerben mentioned at the beginning quite important. We've been investing money as you followed us here. A couple of years ago, we spent about $37 million on restructuring, last year about $31 million, anticipating to spend about $20 million this year. And so that you're getting both a tapering effect of that spending, but also the benefits from the projects we did last year creating some good lift. And those were substantial enough to help us overcome the headwinds from the inflation that we're facing. And I think it may be worth just a comment and pulling the lens back on restructuring. We continue to feel quite good about the program. We've taken out by our analysis about 1.5 million square feet from our manufacturing footprint. That's over 15%. And we continue to see opportunity both on the manufacturing side ultimately on the warehouse side as well. And as Gerben described in his opening comments the ability to take the segment and compete collectively under a unified leadership rather than have three different vertical businesses we think is opening up good opportunities to share warehouses, to share factories and become more efficient. And we see continued runway there. I would comment that in the first half of the year, we didn't spend half of the $20 million we anticipated. I'd say a lot of our engineering focus was on capacity and making sure we had production to service our customers' needs. And so the back half outlook for electrical will contain an increase in R&R spending compared to the first half. But we anticipate the demand to be strong. They start the second half with a big backlog and the pricing actions continue to increase as commodities continue to increase most notably steel. We've seen copper and aluminum starting to show signs of maybe flattening out. Steel is still showing signs through the third quarter of increasing until hopefully it looks like some rollover in ultimately in the fourth quarter. So we continue to price for that. I think we've also had to expand our definition. I think those of you who followed us know we try to maintain a parity between price and commodity costs and then use productivity to offset inflation in non-commodity areas. We're finding that the inflation in areas like transportation and some labor costs are such that natural productivity levels are insufficient. So we're starting to sweep those other items into the bucket that need to be covered by price. And again, we've been encouraged by the channel's reaction. We'll continue to offset those and to get to -- get back our margins. The utility side on page 7. You see 23% growth to $589 million. There are six points of acquisition inside that utility growth number and three points of price compares to the four points of price in electrical. So, utility customers moving a little bit more deliberately than the ED channel serving the electrical side. Those acquisitions to remind you included in the enclosure area for electric utilities, water utilities and telecoms. That business is high growth high margin. We also bought the company's called Armorcast. We -- Beckwith is wrapping around here, which is controlling the infrastructure, and maybe also of note we sold a very small line of business from within Aclara, the customer engagement business that didn't fit well with our set of solutions and was worth more to someone else than it was to us. So it has no material impact on our sales or OP going forward, but we feel we can use the proceeds from that to invest in areas with a better fit. We've unpacked the sales here in Utility Solutions between the components and the communications. The components is both electrical T&D, the old legacy Hubbell Power Systems continuing though resilient last year continuing to grow very, very nicely this year. The grid modernization trend and renewables trends continue to push spending there. We've noted a little better strength in distribution and transmission this quarter. That can go back and forth. And the gas distribution components that go into the last mile of natural gas distribution had been you'll recall slightly held back by some site access issues. And happy to see those conditions improving seeing nice growth and nice margins out of the gas distribution business. On the comms business and Aclara, we had also had site access issues there, and as those have improved we see that returning to growth. So, again, a broad-based situation of healthy demand inside of Utility Solutions. $93 million of operating profit is comparable to last year and at lower margin than last year. The price cost area continues to be a source of drag here in the second quarter. Our three points of price is up from about one point in the first quarter. We've had our fourth increase already announced, which will influence the second half. So I think an unprecedented number of increases. And we feel we're certainly leading the market as we announce those price increases, but we continue to be very confident that we'll catch up as this inflation from the commodity starts to level out that we'll catch up and restore our margins. There's two other factors worth mentioning here in the margin profile. First is the Armorcast acquisition that I mentioned. It's located in Southern California and in our -- we closed on the very early January, so we've had it for about six months. And I'd say they've endured significant labor turnover and having a hard time staffing the facilities in that geography. So it's not been contributing much though it's on the bottom line. And so we're working hard and we're very excited about the acquisition. And we're confident we'll have a better second half and set up well for a better 2022. I think the third driver I'd mention to you is inside of Aclara, recall, there's three lines of business there the communications, the meters and the install. The install business is, at the lower end of profitability of the three lines of business. That's where the access had been constrained. As that was loosened, we saw the install area be the largest level of growth and therefore, being mix unfriendly. And so those pieces conspired to result in flat OP for utility. And I think that describes the two segments and where they are. As we think, about the outlook for utility, we feel great about the backlog that's starting in the second half. The demand feels broad-based and solid. Perhaps of note the chip shortage that we're all reading so much about, the place that would affect Hubbell is more in the Aclara on the communications side. And we're sort of watching those supply chain situations closely. But our guidance is contemplating some of those risks. So I'd turn it back Gerben, to you to talk through the outlook in general. 
Gerben Bakker : Great. Thanks, Bill. Let's turn to our 2021 outlook then on Page 8 and starting with our end market pie chart on the left. With the first half behind us and increasing visibility into the unfolding economic recovery, our markets overall are trending above expectations that we had at the beginning of the year. Most notably as Bill, indicated industrial markets have strengthened throughout the year and we now expect this market to be up high single digits on average with light industrial verticals leading the way, and heavier industries expected to continue recovering in the second half. We're also more optimistic on nonresidential markets, where we were expecting a modest decline a quarter ago and now see modest growth. While new construction activity remains mostly soft for now, we expect to see recovery here heading into 2022 as major leading indicators have rebounded strongly in recent months. Near-term, our incremental optimism in non-residential is driven by reno and retrofit markets, which have been solid as the economy has reopened. On the utility half of our business we are sticking with our prior end-market guidance for approximately, mid-single-digit growth for the full year, with communications and controls outgrowing components primarily, due to prior year comparison dynamics. This all adds up to mid-single-digit market growth for the full year and we are now anticipating high single-digit organic growth as we drive approximately four points of price realization. Then when we layer on the contributions from acquisition we now anticipate total sales growth of 11% to 13% for the full year. We've also tightened and raised our adjusted earnings per share guidance by $0.25 at the midpoint versus our prior range, and continue to expect approximately $500 million of free cash flow for the full year. I'll give some more context on the drivers of this guidance raise at the next page but with half the year behind us we are confident in our ability to deliver on these raised expectations. Now turning to Page 9 for our year-over-year EPS bridge. We've shown this earnings bridge throughout the year and we think it's a helpful way to summarize the various moving parts of our guidance. At a high level, what has changed relative to our prior guidance, is that we now expect stronger volume growth, stronger incremental price realization and some non-operating tailwinds from a lower tax rate all of, which is more than offsetting inflationary headwinds, which have also turned out to be more significant than contemplated in our initial guidance. The net impact of these dynamics allows us to raise the full-year guidance to now reflect mid-teens adjusted earnings per share growth. A couple of other points of note, on this page before we turn it over to Q&A. Restructuring continues to be a key driver of our financial model with ongoing investments generating strong savings throughout this year. We continue to include restructuring investment in our adjusted earnings framework and are still targeting investments consistent with our prior guidance of approximately $0.30 though, we now expect this investment to be more weighted to the second half, as Bill, highlighted as our operational efforts over the first half has focused more on increasing our production capacity to meet the strong demand from our customers. We still have a multi-year pipeline of footprint optimization products, to drive incremental savings well into the future. On price/material, as we've reiterated consistently throughout the first half we are highly confident in our ability to manage this equation to net favorability, over the course of a cycle. Although inflation in material, as well as freight and labor have persisted throughout the second quarter, we have taken aggressive pricing and productivity actions that will accelerate in the second half and generate wraparound tailwinds going into 2022. As is typical, our financial model tends to operate with a one-to-two quarter lag between commodity cost and price capture. So while we anticipate, catching up the net positive on price/material across the enterprise by the fourth quarter, this will continue to be a headwind on a full year basis. To conclude, we are raising our full year adjusted earnings per share guidance to a range of $8.50 to $8.80. We remain confident in our ability to deliver on these commitments. And we are focused on serving the critical infrastructure needs of our customers, while continuing to actively manage our costs and deliver value for our shareholders. With that, let me now turn it over to the Q&A section.
Question-and:
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question is from Jeff Sprague from Vertical Research. Your line is open.
Jeff Sprague: Thank you. Good morning, everyone.
Gerben Bakker: Good morning, Jeff.
Bill Sperry: Good morning, Jeff.
Jeff Sprague: Hey. Good morning. A couple for me, first just on, maybe where you closed Gerben with kind of getting net neutrals on price cost. I assume that comment was just on the raw materials, or are you talking relative to the broader scope that Bill was talking about, trying to get the labor and the logistics inside that construct also?
Bill Sperry: Yeah. I mean, we're talking about getting the material piece covered. And we're -- we think we've got the actions lined up and already asked. But as we've been through our reviews with everybody, we keep showing them those other chunks Jeff. And so, I think we've got to keep pushing on this, and making sure -- that there's other forms of inflation outside of commodities that we've got to sweep up into our pricing.
Gerben Bakker: Yes. And then, Jeff, maybe I'll add a comment on that. It's -- in much lower inflationary periods, we've generally adopted the strategy of price for commodities. And then, we're driving productivity in our business to offset more general inflation in this environment, where we're seeing this steep inflationary pressure. We're definitely thinking around our pricing strategy more than just commodity, but think inflation more broadly. So, a lot of our actions are with broader cost inflation in mind.
Jeff Sprague: Understood. And then, the comment on restoring the power margins, could you just clarify kind of, when and to kind of what level you're talking about restoring?
Bill Sperry: Yeah. I think Jeff if you look at the utility segment's March, from 2018-2019 into 2020, you saw a nice healthy couple of hundred basis points of margin expansion there. And so we're definitely catching the utility segment here, off of a nice high watermark. And even specifically, it's interesting, thinking about the third quarter last year, when they actually rebounded nicely from the second quarter. They actually had some factory closures with COVID in the second. And they still had some favorable price cost going such that, they had real nice margins then. So, we've got some tough comps, not only in the second half of 2021, but looking back. And yet, as we continue to grow and manage price cost, we think we can -- we're hoping that, 2022 kind of recovers a lot of that margin that we faced the headwinds on this year.
Gerben Bakker: And what you should expect to see is sequentially improvement on that margin as we go through the balance of this year.
Jeff Sprague: Okay, great. And then just one last one for me, just on Aclara, obviously the comp was super easy. The growth in the quarter doesn't really stand out relative to that comp. But I assume there was still access and other issues. But could you just give a little more specific color on how you see things playing out there over the balance of the year? 
Bill Sperry: Yes. I think that the access will be -- even despite some of these variants still feels like access is better. I think in terms of demand the backlog, plus the blanket orders continues Jeff to be healthy and is higher than last year. And so, the lumpiness of the business makes it a little tricky to be -- too predictive to you narrowly. But certainly, what we're looking for is the comms and meters business to be the drivers of the growth not the install side right? So we sort of need that to stabilize. But again, I would say the pipeline the backlog all looks where we want it. And so if you take out little quarter-to-quarter distortions, I think we still see this medium-term outlook for us is mid-single-digit growth there with margin expansion. 
Jeff Sprague: Great. Thanks a lot guys.
Operator: Your next question is from Steve Tusa from JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Bill Sperry: Hi Steve. Steve, if you're talking we can't hear you. I don't know if you're on mute or maybe got dropped. 
Gerben Bakker: Operator can we move to the next question, there is a problem with Steves line.
Operator: Your next question is from Tommy Moll from Stephens. Your line is open.
Tommy Moll: Good morning and thanks for taking my question.
Gerben Bakker: Good morning.
Tommy Moll: So in terms of your end market strength, you've talked about a V-shaped inflection versus last year also pointed out some momentum in the quarter-over-quarter comparisons. And then obviously raised your full year outlook. As you look across the business and as we start to think about next year, I know we're not going to get guidance today. But do you have any sense of the duration of this momentum? I mean any pockets of your business where you can start to see a more normalized rate of change, or is it just... 
Bill Sperry: Yes. I think it's -- I think Tommy the first piece that's hard and you're right to point out is comparing a second quarter, when last year we were down 21% to this quarter. That's hard to describe that as normal. And so, we took a decent amount of enthusiasm from the sequential from 1Q to 2Q to see that behave in a better-than-normal seasonal fashion, not by a lot. But when we look at orders the orders did improve by a lot. And so that suggests to us the demand profile is improving. I think the cloud in our crystal ball comes when -- if you told us that customers were anticipating price increases and a choppy supply chain that would be a little bit irregular in delivering customer service. That could lead to earlier buying than needed. So, we keep watching, what's selling through in the channel versus what's out our doors. And so far through the first half our sense is that everything is kind of moving. Whether the end user is doing a little of stockpiling is hard for me to see or to know. But I think we're going to get past the down V and the up V here in the second and start to have a slightly more normal-looking second half, when we start to do a VPY basis on the top line. So, I think the units versus price will be interesting to keep looking at. There's going to be quite a bit of price in the second half, if you think about us anticipating a full year at 4 points of price Tommy. And we had a first quarter of 1 point and a second quarter of about 3.5. You can see that we're anticipating a second half over 5. So that will be on top of units. And so, we'll have to keep our eye on sort of those organic pieces and make sure we track the units as well. 
Gerben Bakker: And maybe just a couple of comments to add to that. I would say what gives us confidence with our guidance going into the second half is what Bill just indicated. We built backlog in the first half, so we have that going into the second half. We also have not seen meaningful restocking in the first half. So that certainly helps -- gives us confidence that we can deliver in the second half. Pulling that lens out a little further going into 2020 and even beyond, I would say -- and this is an area that we've talked about around some of the secular growth trends in our industries, right? So whether you look at renewables or grid reliability, those are areas that we feel are setting us up well longer term to continue to enjoy growth. Of course, the comps get tougher if you spike up like this, but we're still very optimistic about our growth going forward.
Bill Sperry: And as we think about Tommy, stimulus and any kind of infrastructure package that government policy maybe behind, it's certainly too early for us to see any impact of that obviously. And it's not even clear where 2022 might be impacted there. So, we think the demand we're seeing is solid and we're pretty confident in that.
Tommy Moll: Thank you, both. That's very helpful. I wanted to follow-up on capital allocation. You've taken care of your near-term maturity. Your leverage appears to be well under control. So, what would you offer to help frame up priorities in terms of M&A shareholder returns any areas of increased investment internally that you've got in mind?
Bill Sperry: I would say Tommy, if you think about us generating order of magnitude $600 million or so of operating cash flow, and I'd anticipate there being a couple of hundred million of dividends, $100 million of CapEx. That dividend is meant to be at a relatively -- around that 45% of net income payout ratio. So, as our net income kind of structurally gets better, anticipate increasing dividend payout in relation to that. The $100 million of CapEx is order of magnitude, a couple of points of our sales. And we're finding that that's adequate to handle capacity plus productivity needs. Our share repurchases tend to be in that $40-ish million range, $50-ish million a year, which we really, at a starting point Tommy, would think about offsetting dilution rather than per se trying to shrink the shares outstanding. And that leaves about $250 million of acquisitions, and we continue to think that's a -- it would be a nice amount for a given year to be able to spend that invest that in new acquisitions. Armorcast started the year its first day. It was new. And so, we're eager to get back and close some acquisitions. We've got a nice pipeline of opportunities there. I'd say the market is a little bit hot if you're on the buyer side. I'd say valuations are tending up, processes move fast. And so we got to be mindful as we are on the buy side here to make sure we can find good things at good values. And we're confident that we'll continue to do that.
Tommy Moll: Thanks Bill. Thats helpful, and Ill turn it back.
Operator: Your next question is from Christopher Glynn from Oppenheimer. Your line is open.
Christopher Glynn: Thank you. Good morning.
Bill Sperry: Good morning.
Gerben Bakker: Good morning Chris.
Christopher Glynn: Good morning. So more good numbers top line from utility and you broke out the 19% for T&D, 9% for Aclara organic. Curious how you'd peg the market growth there because I think you have a legacy of doing a little bit better?
Bill Sperry: Yeah. Inside of T&D, I think our perception is that we maybe have been share -- gaining a little bit of share. But it's -- may be hard for me to prove that to you, but it feels to us like we are Chris.
Christopher Glynn: Okay. And is there any way you benchmark the Aclara side of the house?
Bill Sperry: Yeah. I mean certainly there are a couple of public comps who report sales growth from the meters and comms side. And as we looked at them quarter in quarter out over our ownership period, I would say it feels like we've outpaced them a little bit probably on the meter side. But again we continue to see that as a good mid-single-digit long-term grower. And couple of decent public comps that we can track ourselves to, to make sure we're growing with the market.
Gerben Bakker: Yeah, it's truthfully easier on that side on the communication side where you have some public companies to compare than on the legacy power side where there's less -- or they're within larger companies. So it's very hard to get to that in exact numbers.
Christopher Glynn: Okay. And then on electrical curious too, do any deeper dive on the book-to-bill, and then within non-res the particulars of what's improving there. If it's, kind of, bifurcated in your product categories or not?
Bill Sperry: Yeah. I mean the book-to-bill was over 1.15 in that neighborhood so decent bookings. And in non-result, we had higher performance on the reno retrofit side than we did on the new construction side. So something that -- like C&I lighting Chris that's become more dependent on the reno, and retrofit I think benefit and it was interesting to see them grow at over 20% in the quarter. But the leading indicators on new construction in non-res are actually leaning favorable too. So despite the fact that we started the year a little cautious on non-res it's proved to be stronger than we were predicting back in January.
Christopher Glynn: All right. And then just clarifying, I think you said lower tax rate. I'm not sure if you gave us a level to model, if you could comment there? And also would -- I'm not sure what's driving that. But would we expect just normalized tax rate back in 2022?
Bill Sperry: Yeah. So I would say our normal tax run rate has been in that 22% to 23% range. In the second quarter it was down around 18.5-ish percent. And so that will cause a one point reduction in the full year to 21%, 22% rather than 22%, 23%. So the discrete items in the quarter don't repeat and don't reverse. They just help -- they create a little bit of tailwind in the second quarter and that gets smoothed out over the full year.
Christopher Glynn: Understood. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Josh Pokrzywinski from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Hi, good morning guys.
Bill Sperry: Hey Josh.
Gerben Bakker: Good morning Josh.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Bill just to follow-up on some of the price cost commentary and, kind of, that broader definition that you're using. What would be expectation as maybe some of the material side of the equation starts to level off but maybe things like freight or labor or other logistics costs remain high. Like is that something that you feel like you can go to the market with price with, or do customers really want to be able to circle a chart with steel prices and tie back to that a little bit better? 
Bill Sperry: Yes. I mean I think we're trying to position that conversation in the broader sense and you've captured the two biggest drivers that we're going to throw in the bucket, which is transportation costs and labor costs. So we certainly owe our customers every effort at us having productivity. And I would say to expect that productivity to give us a couple of points off the cost base is realistic, right? In an inflationary environment like this that you're just going to  it's just those two items you mentioned transport and labor are going to outstrip what productivity you can do. So, we feel the more surchargey the discussion is Josh, right, where you're just pulling out a graph of here's steel, here's copper, here's aluminum, I think that's too  that feels like you're just surcharging for the metal and it is  misses the part of the quote conversation that we think is important, which is overcoming inflation. So that's sort of a new initiative and drive of ours and Gerben and I spent last week in operations reviews and really met with all of our key BU and P&L managers. And they're all pushing for that definition of what price needs to cover. So we're going to keep driving here in the second half.
Gerben Bakker: Yes. I would maybe just add to that. It's  we're  have definitely evolved in pricing in the businesses both how we organize around it, as well as our approaches. We're doing it more aggressively. And I'd say we're doing it with more analytics around it and organization around it. So I fully agree with Bill's comments. It's less about indexing and surcharging than it is looking at pricing across your entire portfolio. And where can you get price and where do you need price. And I think we're managing both those probably better than we've ever managed it. And I think you see that by price realization here. Commodities have continued to go up throughout this year, right? And it's now  I mean steel as an example, it's one of our highest uses. And a year ago that was sitting at about $600, $700 a ton. We're at $2,000 a ton and so  and it's sitting at a high right now. So will that eventually level off? Will that come down? Who knows? The thing that we can control is the actions we take, which is pricing and we're going after that really aggressively.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Got it. That's helpful. And then just on the utility side for you Gerben. Obviously, a lot, especially on the legacy Power Systems business going on in the marketplace, whether it's some of the like energy transition stuff or on renewables or grid modernization. But I also know that there's some heightened kind of near-term activity with places like Texas and California. What's your sense of kind of what is going on there that you would say is a bit more kind of secular and forward thinking on the part of your customers versus stuff that's more reactionary in the here and now? And my guess would be it's all of the above but can you take that a little further?
Gerben Bakker: Yes, it's  kind of laughing, as you asked that question because it is and it's  I would say it's still  I see it very much consistent with how we've communicated that this. And there is absolutely some secular drivers in this market that will continue to set us up. It's a very aged infrastructure that with the push for renewables, which is real I mean this is happening is putting a ton more stress on the system. So I think there is a desire to retire less efficient assets and to put on more efficient, which is the renewables. And we benefit from that very secular. And I think in that there is a heightened realization of how fragile this grid is and that's where you see the upgrading of the grid. That you get reminders of that when there are storms and there's fires. But I'd say those two kind of go hand in hand, and we are very bullish on this over the next two years. But as you point out, it's not necessarily one thing, but it's positive for us. And I also say that, there is generally good support from regulators on these types of investment. The Public Utility Commissions are recognizing need for this as well. So I think there's a lot of momentum here. 
Josh Pokrzywinski: Great. Appreciate the color. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Your next question is from Chris Snyder from UBS. Your line is open.
Chris Snyder: Thank you. I wanted to follow-up on some of the  
Gerben Bakker: Good morning, Chris.
Chris Snyder: Hi. Good morning  on some of the commentary around raw material inflation. Could you remind us how significant raw material consumption is as a percentage of cost of goods sold in a normal year? Just so we can put some math around the Q4 price cost neutral comments, which it sounds like is reflecting price up in the 5% kind of plus range?
Bill Sperry: Yeah, Chris. Your math, I like the way you're doing the math. I would put our raws in the order of magnitude of the low 40% of sales and a little bit more than half of COGS. And so there is a mathematical equation between what you need on the top line and price versus the inflation you're getting in the raws. So I think about it exactly the way you are.
Chris Snyder: Okay. I appreciate that. And then for the second one, I wanted to follow-up and  particularly on the non-res business. And then within that specifically the new construction side, which feels like it's beginning to turn. Could you just remind us where you sell into the new construction life cycle? And I know lighting is quite late stage, but maybe more on the electrical side just so we can kind of feel for how you realize that recovery?
Bill Sperry: Yeah. I would say the rough-in electrical is fairly mid-cycle to the construction. So think of boxes that would be inside of the wall. But then some of the receptacles and lighting and poke throughs in the floors those would all be quite late cycle. So we're kind of mid to late and skewed towards the late in the timing of that.
Chris Snyder: Appreciate that. Thank you.
Bill Sperry: Okay.
Operator: Your last question is from Justin Bergner from G.research. Your line is open.
Justin Bergner: Good morning, Gerben. Good morning, Bill.
Gerben Bakker: Good morning.
Bill Sperry: Good morning.
Justin Bergner: Two quick questions. On the grid side, the T&D side, what is the potential upside from bearing electrical or bearing power lines for example in California? And then on the utility infrastructure bill, if the bipartisan bill passes looking out to the medium term do you see that as sort of extending this 5% to 6% organic growth rate environment for your T&D business or actually increasing that growth rate?
Gerben Bakker: So, Justin, let me take the first part, and I'll give Bill the second part. So the first one on the grid, T&D the particular question was around underground. I think you probably saw recently a large IOU utility talking about perhaps doing this. I'd say, our portfolio leans more to the overhead side, but if you think about transmission infrastructure and the distribution grid, most of the US actually is overhead except when you go into neighborhoods. We do have a presence in the underground. I would also say that, when  and as you look at the investments required to bury this, it's humongous. So it's generally at least 10x or more the cost. So I think many utilities don't find the economics to be able to do this. So I don't see it as a threat to our franchise truthfully. But it's something that in certain situation can happen and we can serve materials for it as well.
Bill Sperry: Yeah. I think the second half on the infrastructure. I think areas like renewables can really be quite favorable to where Hubbell is exposed solar and wind components both -- on both sides of our segments. We would have utility benefits, as well as some of the grounding and component elements inside of electrical. Anything on grid reliability certainly would be favorable. There's talk on telecom reliability, just making buildings more energy efficient for our behind-the-meter piece of our business. So, there's a lot inside of that that ultimately, I think could contribute to maybe what I'd call a stimulated period of demand that would be a little bit more than sort of our normal level, if that comes to pass and gets spent over who knows a period of five years or so. So, it would be certainly on the topline, it would be -- have bullish implications I would say.
Justin Bergner: Thank you. I'll take my other questions offline. I appreciate the color.
Bill Sperry: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: There are no questions over the phone. I'm going to turn the call back to Dan Innamorato.
Dan Innamorato: All right. Thanks, operator. Thanks everyone for joining us. I'll be around all day for questions. Thanks.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-04-27 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the First Quarter 2021 Results Conference Call. At this time, all participants lines are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, speaker, Dan Innamorato. Thank you. Please go ahead, sir.
Dan Innamorato: Thanks, operator. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Earlier this morning, we issued a press release announcing our results for the first quarter 2021. The press release and slides are posted to the Investors section of our website at hubbell.com. I'm joined today by our President and CEO, Gerben Bakker; and our Executive Vice President and CFO, Bill Sperry. Please note that our comments this morning may include statements related to the expected future results of our company and are forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Therefore, please note the discussion of forward-looking statements in our press release and considered incorporated by reference into this call. Additionally, comments may also include non-GAAP financial measures. Those measures are reconciled to the comparable GAAP measures and are included in the press release and slides. Now let me turn the call over to Gerben.
Gerben Bakker: Great. Thanks, Dan, and good morning, everyone. And thank you for joining us to discuss Hubbells first quarter results. I will start my comments on Page 3 with some key takeaways for the quarter. At a high level, we are seeing strong improvement in demand across each of our end markets. And we'll give you some data points around that in the next page and throughout this presentation. Our operating profits and margins expanded in the quarter as we continue to actively manage our cost structure and realize savings from the investments in restructuring initiatives. Our results in the quarter are consistent with the guidance we laid out at the beginning of the year and put us well on a path to achieving our full year EPS guidance, which we are raising today. We'll walk you through our guidance in more detail later, but overall, we remain confident in our ability to deliver on our commitments. Let's turn to Page 4 with more details. You see here that our sales were down 1% year-over-year and down 4% on an organic basis. In our Utility Solutions segment, secular growth trends around grid modernization and renewable energy continue to drive strong demand for Hubbell products. And that is reflected in broad-based double-digit order growth in the first quarter across each of our major business segments, power systems, gas connectors, as well as Aclara. While revenues in the first quarter continued to be impacted by installation delays for certain projects, we anticipate this dynamic will normalize beginning in the second quarter and drive growth as we ramp up our capacities to meet the growing customer demand. Backlog in our shorter cycle T&D Components business was up almost 40% year-over-year exiting the quarter, while the Aclara backlog is back up to approximately $1 billion, following a strong first quarter with over $200 million of orders. In our Electrical Solutions segment, markets continue to improve as orders turn positive year-over-year, and we realized solid sequential growth in revenues in the first quarter. Light industrial markets are strengthening as the broader industrial economy recovers, a positive sign for a Hubbell that demand for electrical products and solutions will drive growth over the balance of this year. Our backlog across the electrical solutions was up more than 30% year-over-year exiting the first quarter. And our focus over the near-term is to continue managing through a tight supply chain environment to serve the critical infrastructure needs of our customers. In terms of our operations, we achieved 30 basis points expansion in our operating margins in the first quarter, as we overcame lower volumes and the impact of price costs turning to a headwind as we absorb significant commodity inflation on our cost base. We recognized and anticipated this towards the end of last year and took early actions to address it through price and productivity. However, inflationary pressures have continued to accelerate through the first quarter, which necessitated and drove additional pricing actions and will continue to take further actions while this inflation persists. Over the last six months, we've implemented price increases, which have let most of our markets in frequency, phase and magnitude. And we'll continue to utilize the strength of our product portfolio to drive profitable growth. While commodity inflation remains a moving target, we've contemplated a range of scenarios within our guidance and have levers at our disposal to effectively manage our operations and deliver on a near-term and long-term commitments. You also see here that we delivered $1.72 of adjusted earnings per share in the quarter and $39 million of free cash flow. And I will turn it over to Bill in a minute to give you some more context around those results. But before I do that, I wanted to highlight a few key accomplishments for us in the quarter. First of all, Hubbell is very honored to have been named one of 2021s World's Most Ethical Companies by Ethisphere. And I'd like to thank our over 19,000 employees who have demonstrated the highest standard for integrity each and every day. And note that this achievement is a recognition of their commitment to compliance and ethics as a foundation of our strategy and culture. I'd also like to highlight that Hubbell recently received two major awards from one of our top distributor partners, out of only three given annually. Our gas connectors business received a top award for sales and marketing while power systems received the award for above and beyond service excellence. Both of these awards are recognitions of the strength of our brand and the quality and reliability of our products in the marketplace. They demonstrate our commitment to service, which is a key differentiator for Hubbell, particularly in recent years, as our utility franchise had been so effective in serving our customer's needs during increased storm activity. And finally, we closed the acquisition of Beckwith in the fourth quarter, and I wanted to congratulate the leader of that business for being recently elected to the National Academy of Engineering for his contributions to digital protection and control devices for the grid. This is a recognition of the strength of Beckwith's technology solutions and a testament to the talented people that joined Hubbell as part of acquisitions, which we are confident will drive further innovation and differentiation. With that, let me turn it over to Bill to walk you through the financial results in a little more detail.
Bill Sperry: Thanks, Gerben. Good morning, everybody. I realize how busy the release schedule is today and appreciate you being with us. I'm going to start my comments on Page 5. You see the sales down 1% to $1.78 billion. That figure includes the three acquisitions that we closed in the fourth quarter. And it's good news for us to see all three of those investments off to a very strong start. Just to remind everybody on the electrical side, we made an investment in the 5G space antenna and housings for that space. On the Utility side, Gerben just mentioned Beckwith which is a controls business and Armorcast, which makes enclosures for utilities, all three high growth, high margin areas and happy to see them being well-accepted by customers and off to good starts and contributing to our performance in the first quarter. Also as Gerben noted a clear inflection point and orders for us, where we had orders up double-digits and strong  feeling like strong demand ahead of us leading to expectation for stronger sales. On the OP side, you'll see 30 basis points of margin expansion. And there was some headwinds that we overcame there, starting with the headwinds from the sales decline. On the organic side, the price cost lag that we experienced. And the new acquisitions early in there, integration phased tend to perform at less than their fully integrated margins. And so you tend to get a little drag from that. So the 30 basis points of expansion overcame those, really using productivity gains as well as importantly, restructuring benefits. Those benefits from restructuring came really from both sides of the restructuring program, namely savings from dollars we invested last year, as well as the tapering spending level that we had communicated to everybody. So those contributions helped us pick up those 30 basis points. You see EPS expanding 5% to $1.72, besides the increase in operating profit, there were also some tailwinds from the non-op side, including from pension expense, as well as from effective tax rate down to about 22.6%. On the free cash flow side, you see $39 million generated in the quarter compares unfavorably to last year, but we have a significantly different mindset. At the end of March last year, we were stomping with both feet on the brakes on the inventory side, this year we're feeling that order expansion we're looking to invest in the working capital to help grow the company. So that $39 million is in line with our full year target of getting to $500 million and has the same seasonal shape that we had in 2019. Just in thinking about, talking about the balance sheet, also wanted to mention a bond refinancing that we executed in the quarter, we had $300 million of bonds maturing in 2022. They were paying an interest rate of 3.625%, and it became clear to us that fixed income investors were starting to demand higher interest rates as they saw inflation coming in the effects of stimulus. And to get ahead of that we were able to execute on some new bonds at 2.3% so saving of over 130 basis points. There's a slight anomaly in crossing the quarter end because the new bonds priced at the end of March and the old bonds were not called until first week in April. So those of you who look at the Q, you'll see both bonds still outstanding and the cash kind of on hand. And then as a subsequent event and in the second quarter, you'll see that we bought out the old bonds and we'll pay the make-whole there. So a good opportunity for us to get our interest rate fixed for the next 10 years at 2.3%, which we were quite pleased with that execution. So I think the big takeaway from Page 5 is twofold. One is clear evidence that the recovery is underway, attractive orders expansion. And secondly, that the self-help window continues to contribute to Hubbell's performance in the form of programmatic acquisitions as well as a restructuring program that continues to help drive performance as we go forward. Next to pages like to unpack between our two segments, Electrical and Utility. We talked to you before about reorganizing the segments and in specifically having the Electrical Solutions segment really run as one business. And our attempt is to replicate when Gerben was running power and how he turned all those different brands into a really a single operating segment. And Pete Lau is going to help us do the same on the electrical side now. The other implication is we have built up over acquisition over the last couple of years, a gas distribution components business that had been in electrical and starting now in the new year because its customers on the utility side and in front of the meter, we've got that business now located inside a utility. And so the first quarter has been adjusted for that change to make these two periods comparable on both sides. So starting with electrical here on Page 6, you'll see sales down 3% to $546 million, two important signs of recovery for the Electrical Solutions segments. First is the sequential growth from the fourth quarter to the first, that normal seasonal pattern is for a contraction of about a point or two, and in this period it grew 5% from the fourth quarter, so clear sign that there is some recovery underway there. Second was that the order rate was up year-over-year. And so, that I think pretends good news going forward for the Electrical segment. As we reorganized inside of industrial, we have the light vertical, and we're really seeing that responding of the quickest and soonest, not unusual for a recovery period. The heavy industrial responds a little bit later and we're starting to see some of the early indicators showing heavy having signs of improvements ahead of it. The non-res side remained soft, inside of non-res we still have our commercial and industrial lighting business, they had 7% decline, which is contributing to that softness in non-res. And on the resi side, we saw markets being quite strong in particular on the single-family side. So there continues to be demand as people are looking to get out of multifamily into single family solutions. On the operating profit side, you'll see 30 basis points of margin expansion, the same story for the enterprise namely the headwinds from the lower volumes and the price cost drag was overcome by the productivity in expense management, as well as the benefits from the restructuring program. Page 7, we've got the Utility Solutions segment. And you see a  and again reminding everyone this now includes gas components and you see a 1% increase in sales to $532 million. We've really got to unpack that to tell the story, so you see that legacy Hubbell Power System business that we see as components on here up 6%, so we continue to see grid hardening driving the distribution spending and the renewables most notably solar and wind causing transmission spending to grow, and right now that renewable trend is causing transmission to outgrow distribution right now. And we'll talk about that a little bit more later. On the Aclara side, you see down 8%, they continue to have access issues with COVID. We're anticipating that, that frees up now in the second quarter and they start to grow, Gerben made comments about their order pattern and orders across the utility space were really impressive in the first quarter. We had double-digits on the Power Systems businesses, double-digits in gas and components and double-digits in Aclara from terms of order generation. So I think signs of good future growth and visibility for our Utility Solutions segment. And as well you see margin expansion there again, similar story of lower organic volume headwinds and price cost headwinds being overcome by the productivity and expense management. I wanted to highlight in Page 8 the renewables vertical and the wind and solar business that we feel has a real secular mega trend type growth rates anticipated, the energy industry clearly pivoting from fossil fuels to renewables, and we think Hubbell will benefit as the economy continues to adapt to that, positioned really well in two different ways, we've got about $350 million or so of transmission sales and right now the renewables are requiring, are harvesting wind and sun in places that are farther from the population centers, and that energy needs to be transported across the transmission lines to get to where it will be consumed by users. And that'll be quite a favorable trend for the components we sell the transmission grid. As well on the Electrical Solutions side, we see a variety of products, brands notably have Burndy and Wiley that are selling lugs and connectors, bonding and grounding products, wire management, and we've had a couple of wins recently on very large solar and wind farms that make us believe our brands and our products are in high demand. And we're anticipating strong growth rates going forward off of that $50 million base that we have. So I think a very positive story for a megatrend and one where Hubbell I think is very, very well positioned to serve our customers with high quality solutions. We've also talked about the drag from price cost and I wanted to just illustrate the price cost relationship as our business model dictates it, and we've shared some data over the last 13 years or so here. And we don't use derivatives as a hedge against inflation. We use price, we think that's a better  it's a better mechanism, because it lets you actually get ahead, the downside of it is, it can create a lag of a quarter or two between when we experienced the inflation and when we realize on the price and that lag can sometimes create some margin distortions inside of the quarter. But it's important to show you all that through the cycle we net out net positive, in this period there is been four interesting phases of spikes, which you see in the yellow line, and in each case we've been able to capture the price and as soon as those costs flatten, and in fact, they seem to always turn down after they've spiked that's when the lag reverses itself and we start to harvest some margin. So just wanted to make sure we were clear with showing you that we've experienced really from later in 2020 through the first quarter, a spike of quite significant magnitude that really is a composite for us, we're buying a lot of steel, but also that's the largest component, but it's also copper aluminum resins. And this has been a very significant spike compared to the last decade or so, but as Gerben had mentioned, we've been actively pricing for it, have a very dynamic dialogue with our customers in pulling price in some areas multiple times through 2021. And we'll create that blue curve that gets ahead of this price cost. And we anticipate we can start to catch up in the second half of this year, but the second quarter, I think will still be a headwind for us. So with that discussion, I wanted to hand it back to Gerben to give you more feedback on our outlook.
Gerben Bakker: Great. Let's turn to Page 10 and starting with the end market pie chart on the left. With the first quarter behind us and increasing visibility on an economic recovery, our markets overall are trending ahead of expectations that we had at the beginning of the year. Particularly, we see industrial markets performing better, driven by strengthening light industrial verticals. We see strong order growth in the Power Systems and Gas Connectors businesses in the first quarter. And we also see our utility T&D components market performing ahead of our initial expectations. And while our expectations for non-residential markets remain more subdued than our other end markets we hear see steadily improving markets and believe we could start to see some recovery towards the latter half of the year. We now expect full year sales growth of 8% to 10% with acquisitions still expected to contribute 3% and organic growth now contributing 5% to 7%. This increase of 2 percentage points versus our prior expectations is driven by stronger volumes, as well as incremental price to address higher inflationary headwinds which Bill just gave some color on. On net, we are raising our full year adjusted earnings per share outlook to a range of 820 to 860, which represents double-digit EPS growth at the midpoint of our guidance range, along with 110% free cash flow conversion on our adjusted net income. Turning to Page 11, I'll give you some more context for our guidance. You see a solid contribution from increased volumes, as our expectations for market growth are higher than our initial outlook. We're also getting strong contributions from two key drivers of our financial models in acquisitions and restructuring, both of which are under our control and tend to be more programmatic and consistent in nature. On acquisitions, we continue to expect about $0.25 of contributions from the three deals that we closed at the end of 2020, each of which is performing well early on. On restructuring, we continue to make good progress in driving cost savings with an incremental $15 million to $20 million of savings flowing through this year and continued savings moving forward even as we begin to taper investment from the elevated levels of the last two years. We'd highlight here that while we've invested in R&R consistent with the expectations we laid out over a year ago at our Investor Day, we've overdriven on savings, which has been a key contributor to operating margin resilience. As our markets recover and our volumes ramp back up, we'll be able to drive sustainably higher margins performance across the company with a more efficient operating footprint. Then as Bill walked you through earlier, we remain confident in our ability to manage price material. And we'll continue to drive this to a net favorable outcome over the cycle. We're taking aggressive pricing actions with further actions to come, though price capture tends to lag commodity inflation by quarter or two, and we continue to expect price material to be a net headwind for 2021, consistent with our prior guidance. And finally, we'll also see an impact from the return for some temporary cost benefits, particularly in the second quarter, as we lap the impact of compensation reduction actions we took last year in preparation for the pandemic. Recall that in 2020, we managed the decremental margins of approximately 15% as we aggressively controlled our cost structure and drove productivity. As our markets now begin to recover however, we plan on investing back into our business over the balance of 2021 to accelerate future growth, particularly in attractive areas such as the renewable markets which Bill just spoke about, along with the significant opportunity we see for Hubbell and distribution automation, which we highlighted on our call last February. All of this adds up to our full year earnings per share guidance of 820 to 860. We remain confident in our ability to deliver on these commitments and are focused on returning to growth as we serve the critical infrastructure need of our customers, while continuing to actively manage our costs and deliver value for our shareholders. With that, let me now turn over to Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Jeff Sprague with Vertical Research. Your line is open.
Jeff Sprague: Thank you. Good morning, everybody.
Gerben Bakker: Hey, good morning, Jeff.
Bill Sperry: Good morning, Jeff.
Jeff Sprague: Good morning. Hey, just maybe first on price cost, thanks for all that additional detail on the chart. Just to have a little bit better understanding of what you're expecting, obviously price cost was negative and Q1, its going to be negative in Q2. Do you actually see it turning positive in the second half of the year? I understand you're saying negative for the whole year, but do you see the second half of the year flipping back into positive territory?
Bill Sperry: Yes, I think we do Jeff. A lot of that depends on that yellow curve flattening at some point during this year, but that would be our expectation, and if that happen, then we could catch up and start to eat into the lag, yes.
Jeff Sprague: And you pointed out that you've been kind of leading price up. Are you seeing kind of the competitive response be rational as it relates to that or any kind of pushback from the end customer standpoint in terms of being able to absorb pricing?
Bill Sperry: Yes, I'd say broadly speaking it's been an understanding channel and I think in all walks of everyone's life, they're seeing prices increase and we'll get to bigger numbers in the second quarter. And so it keeps  we keep pushing into that Jeff. But, so far the channel understands and the end user understands, but it feels like that yellow spike is pretty steep right now relative to the last decade of activity or so. And so that's  I was watching everybody react to that, it will continue to be something we study very closely.
Gerben Bakker: Yes. And maybe Ill add a couple of comments to that, Jeff is one as Bill talked about the curve of that incline is so steep, so while in many instances we're leading to price, we see a quick follow on. The other sign that is encouraging is that our stick rate of price increases is actually running ahead of what it would historically do for our business. And I can speak even going back a few years when I ran the power of business and I think it was in the 2018 timeframe when we saw commodities go up and we saw tariffs go up and our approach was perhaps a little more cautious and hesitant with those customers. We are currently, it's April and we're going on our third price increase in the utility business. So it's just a sign of how we've learned and how we're going much more aggressively after when we see commodities go up, that we go up with price.
Jeff Sprague: And maybe just one other one for me, just thinking about  so you manage the positive margins despite price costs, it gets a little tougher in Q2, I guess. But I would imagine you get some help on the M&A, how are you thinking about margins in Q2, so kind of a fight to hold them flat or is flat actually ambitious, do you think?
Bill Sperry: Yes, I think flat would be ambitious. So I think the simple way, we're looking at Jeff is volume and restructuring are going to give us a decent tailwind. But price cost is kind of continue at the same drag rate percentage wise in second quarter, and then we get as well, really the absence of the furlough. So all the cost management initiatives that were sort of a temporary roll back, and I think that gives us a temporary margin headwind and in 2Q Jeff.
Jeff Sprague: Yes, understood. Makes sense. All right. Thanks a lot, guys. Appreciate it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Tusa with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Steve Tusa: Hello.
Gerben Bakker: Hey, Steve, we can hear you.
Steve Tusa: Yes, hey, good morning. Sorry, I thought I did something wrong there for a second, getting the silent treatment. The kind of the non-res outlook that you're seeing out there, the activity, I mean, some companies that have reported so far have actually had some pretty good results when it comes to their non-res business. Obviously, the data remains reasonably weak. I mean, what are you guys seeing out there when it comes to U.S. non-res, when you think about it from the difference between kind of like the core commercial side and then maybe institutional?
Gerben Bakker: Yes. We changed our outlook up a little, Steve, we still have it down. I think maybe one of the elements that continues to color us is half of our non-res is commercial industrial lighting. And they had a first quarter it kind of down 7%, so that kind of weighs a little bit. But outlook, which is I think your  the emphasis of your question does feel better than when we started the year. And the other kind of commercial products are showing some order patterns that would suggest some good firming. So for us, it's a little bit mixed, I think because of that.
Steve Tusa: Got it. Okay. And then just the outlook for the T&D side.
Bill Sperry: Yes. So I think we continue to see strong growth despite having a first quarter compare and power that was actually impressive last year. And we see the demand really pulling through, I think the drivers are pretty solid namely, you've got grid hardening against environmental problems, you've got this renewable trend and you've got just an aging infrastructure that needs to be updated. And so, we continue to see pretty healthy demand there and have a pretty positive outlook for that.
Steve Tusa: Got it. Okay. Thanks a lot. I appreciate it.
Gerben Bakker: Thank you, Steve.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line Tommy Moll with Stephens. Your line is open.
Tommy Moll: Good morning and thanks for taking my questions.
Gerben Bakker: Good morning, Tom.
Tommy Moll: Gerben, I wanted to start on Aclara, maybe make sure I heard a couple of these data points correctly. I think you said you booked about $200 million of orders in the first quarter, and the revenues should be up starting in second quarter. But then more broadly I'm just curious what anecdote you could share, does it feel like planning is back to business as usual for customers there or is there still some hesitancy, I mean the $200 million number was an impressive one, I'm just trying to think about if there's any continuing headwind to customer planning? And if you run all that through as mid-singles on the revenue side, still the right way to frame up the full year, I know that was a multi-part, but thank you.
Bill Sperry: Yes, no. Tommy, let me respond to some of the financial questions and let Gerben talk on the operating side a little bit. So $200 million of bookings we thought was good as well against essentially a $600 million revenue base, that looks like a pretty strong situation there. Backlog, which we report on to you all periodically is up at $1 billion again relative to $600 million revenue base you've got year and a half's worth of visibility there, so that all feels good. And maybe let Gerben comment a little more on the access issue and how we see that evolving.
Gerben Bakker: Yes, if we just look from an order and then an activity  market activity perspective, the underlying fundamentals are still very much there for growth, right, the project planning is there, so it comes down to what you alluded to is during the pandemic, how are we managing through quoting these big project work and which utilities to spec them and those take time. So I think what you see here in the first quarter is a little bit the effect of projects that we're working through even pre-pandemic with our utility customer that we've continued to work through that are now coming through in orders. We talked earlier about the dip we saw when the pandemic happened in our proposal and quote activity, so I think those will start see coming back later. So there is definitely demand out there, were now seeing more activity back in taken up these project, but there is a lag of time, and weve also talked about these tends to be lumpy, so I certainly wouldn't take the $200 million for a quarter and multiply that by every future quarter. But I will say we're continuing to be positive on this space. And again, your bottom line, I think of mid-single growth is very much what we see in this business.
Tommy Moll: Great. Thank you. That's all helpful. As a follow-up I wanted to talk about the disruptive storms in Texas earlier this year. And maybe you could just share any anecdotes observations you have anecdotes you can share from customers on the utility side of the business. The world's attention was focused there, are certainly within the U.S. attention was focused there and specifically your customers. Is there any takeaway there in terms of the fundamentals? Any potential tailwinds you might see in Texas or elsewhere just seeing what took place there?
Gerben Bakker: Yes, I think Tommy you're right, that if you look at the utility side these environmental challenges continue to place a valuable premium in the eyes of utilities on grid hardening and making sure they can operate whether it's through wind or ice or in this case unexpected real freezing in Texas. So I do think ultimately it reinforces the value proposition of grid hardening. And I think that's to Hubbells benefit, I think if you go on the industrial side, the resin supply side, it seems to us went through a challenge with the freezing there, and that's kind of disrupted their supply chain a little bit. And so I think between the utility, maybe a favorable impact on the industrial side. With that, that resumed production being disrupted, I think that's to the negative.
Tommy Moll: Great. Thank you, Bill. I'll turn it back.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Josh Pokrzywinski with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Hey, good morning, Gerben. Good morning, Bill.
Gerben Bakker: Good morning, Josh.
Bill Sperry: Good morning, Josh.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Just to maybe ask the margin question with a little bit finer point on it, since there's a lot of moving pieces. When do you expect to get to kind of normal incremental margins again, it sounds like 2Q, definitely not, margins might be flat to down year-over-year, but is it more third quarter? We are really talking about next year because you have the temporary costs, you have some of the price cost actions and investment. Just trying to put all those pieces together when folks should start to expect kind of normal operating leverage start to filter into the businesses?
Bill Sperry: Yes, Josh, I think our view is, it would be fourth quarter and then into next year, once you get  Gerben kind of described the aggressive poll of price that we've made. So you sort of really need that flatten out. And if it even were to come down and some of that spiky activity suggested it could, then you start to actually get some super normal activity because you're actually getting kind of tailwind, but I think its  you are talking ultimately about fourth quarter and into next year.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Got it. That's helpful. And then I understand we still have some bottlenecks on the Aclara side, or I guess communications controls now. How fast can that business really grow when you folks are able to go out in the field and do installations again? I would imagine there's a labor component like can this business grow double-digits when we're out in the wild again, or are there kind of bottlenecks that say that $1 billion of backlog could take awhile to get out of the way?
Gerben Bakker: I think if you just put it in perspective, what we talked about before that we think it's mid single-digit growth, but even if you look at the first quarter that it's still down, if you just do that math, you're in that range, what you just talked about, were at the double-digit growth. It is a lot of labor. And I talked about that in the last call that that's not an unlimited resource and it's quite challenging as a matter of fact right now. So I would say, that's probably the biggest constraint, but yes, we definitely expect a ramp up even in the second quarter from that business.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Got it. Thats helpful. I'm just going to try and squeeze one more in, I really appreciate Slide 9 there, Bill with that price material spread, hard not to notice that that gap was super wide over the past couple of years. Is there some sort of philosophical change in pricing behavior or strategy that you guys have had that could instill kind of a wider range once we normalize here on the material side?
Bill Sperry: Yes, I think Gerben made some reference to that period when tariffs were pushing the spike up and there may have been a little bit of caution on the part of our sales and customer service teams. And there's a lot to this, this pricing actions right, it starts with the brand quality and standing for quality. It continues to service levels. It extends further to customer relationships and communication with customers because ultimately we're implementing a price increase that goes through a distributor to the user. So we need kind of this two-step coordination. And I do think perhaps that 2018 period that Gerben had referenced, maybe made that dynamic function a little bit more smoothly. That's allowing us to be a little more aggressive during this spike, I would say.
Gerben Bakker: Yes, maybe just to add to that, I would also say that one of the things that we continue to invest and work on is the discipline around the analytics of pricing and the organization around our pricing discipline with people that solely focus on pricing. So I think it's a combination of just learning from the past, being a little more aggressive and having better tools to manage this.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Great. That's helpful. That's all guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Snyder with UBS. Your line is open.
Chris Snyder: Thank you. So I guess, starting with the updated guidance, if I take the midpoint on the raise and embeds just around high single-digit margins on the incremental 200 bps of top line, if my math is right. So is this all just more challenging price costs relative to the Q4 guidance? Or are there other headwinds here, potentially Aclara installation ramp or just did Q1 come in softer than maybe you guys thought laying down the full year?
Bill Sperry: No, Chris, I think you're putting your finger on the math the right way, which is if you got a point of  extra point of price and all that does is offset cost, it puts a  it alters the incremental math, which is what you're pointing out.
Chris Snyder: Okay. I appreciate that. Then I guess, just following up on that point so of the 200 bps organic growth guidance, would you have a separate volume and price as it does seem like the pricing increases have been more meaningful than maybe you expected on the Q4 call?
Bill Sperry: Yes. That's about half and half and say, can attribute one point of the rise to price and the other to volume.
Chris Snyder: Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Justin Bergner with G.Research. Your line is open.
Justin Bergner: Hi, good morning.
Gerben Bakker: Good morning.
Bill Sperry: Good morning.
Justin Bergner: Thanks for taking my question. Questions are Gerben and Bill. I guess, first off the infrastructure bill that was just proposed, how do you see the framework and the numbers potentially increasing or extending the T&D cycle?
Bill Sperry: Im just going to say, I think that it can affect both halves of our business in front of the meter and behind the meter. I think it suggests there would be investment in buildings to make them more efficient. But certainly on front of the meter seems to be a lot of intention to promote renewable energy. And as we said, I think that really benefits us on the transmission side. And it's not exactly clear to us when some of the spending really starts, if it's the middle of next year that almost feels optimistic. So the flavor of the stimulus seems  we seem to be well poised to benefit from, but I'm not sure I have great visibility as to when that would start to benefit us.
Gerben Bakker: Yes. And then maybe just to add, because the clear one that everybody sees is the renewables and that clearly is positive for utility vision, but as Bill alluded to right, there's proposals to invest in the telecom infrastructure, there's proposals to invest in transportation and roads and we'd play in those verticals as well, whether it's with our enclosures business for fiber installations or with our grounding and connectors and products that we use for rail and roads. So it's a net positive for us. It's more of what as Bill alluded to is what's the timing around spend.
Justin Bergner: Okay. That's helpful. And then one other just bigger picture question. I mean, you did a few acquisitions at the end of last year and they seem to be tracking well. How do you view the M&A landscape as you look throughout the rest of 2021? Obviously, we may see some tax code changes, valuations are expensive. What are sort of the puts and takes and how does eager, does that make you to do more deals this year?
Bill Sperry: I think our enthusiasm is driven by a couple of things. I think one is where we might have a white spot in our offering where we can extend our brands that the growth rate in the vertical, the margin potential. And I do agree with you that prices and multiples can start to look like an inhibitor if  especially if you get into areas, maybe like software and it seems to  larger transactions seem to have a larger multiple associated with them. But an average, Hubbell deal, which is about $50 million in size, our business development teams continue to be quite hopeful and are in active dialogue with a pretty robust pipeline of appropriately multiple and valued situations that can extend our franchise. So I would hope that we can continue to do a programmatic level of acquisition investing year in and year out at reasonable valuations that ultimately will contribute quite a bit of value to our shareholders. Even though, I do agree there is some priciness in certain places. I think we still have our eyes on some appropriate targets.
Justin Bergner: Great. Thank you.
Operator: All right. There are no further questions at this time. I'd like to turn the call back over to the presenters for their final remarks.
Dan Innamorato: All right. Thanks, operator. Thank you everyone for joining us. I'll be around for questions the rest of the day. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q4  (2021-02-02 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the Hubbell Incorporated Fourth Quarter 2020 Results Call. At this time, all participant lines are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand the conference over to Dan Innamorato. Thank you. Please, go ahead.
Dan Innamorato: Thanks, operator. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Earlier this morning we issued a press release announcing our results for the fourth quarter and full year 2020. The press release and slides are posted to the Investors section of our website at www.hubbell.com. I'm joined today by our President and CEO, Gerben Bakker; and our Executive Vice President and CFO, Bill Sperry. Please note that our comments this morning may include statements related to the expected future results of our company and are forward-looking statements, as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Therefore, please note, the discussion of forward-looking statements in our press release and considered incorporated by reference into this call. Additionally, comments may also include non-GAAP financial measures. Those measures are reconciled to the comparable GAAP measures and are included in the press release and slides. Now, let me turn the call over to Gerben.
Gerben Bakker: Good. Thanks, Dan, and good morning, everyone. And thank you for joining us to discuss Hubbell's fourth quarter results on this snowy Tuesday morning. And I suppose if there is such a thing as a positive from COVID, it's that most of us are still at home and don't have to brave snow and difficult commutes at this time. But before we get to the results for the quarter, I want to take a few minutes to reflect on our strong performance for the year and recognize all our employees who made that possible through their tireless efforts and dedication. The COVID-19 pandemic presented us with considerable end market, operational, as well as personal challenges, but our employees consistently rose to the occasion, delivering exceptional performance for our customers and shareholders. Our first priority through this pandemic has always been the health and safety of our employees and we implemented a series of safety protocols to protect employees in our plants, warehouses and in the field. We also recognized our frontline workers with bonus appreciation pay for their efforts and provided generous paid leave policies for all employees. Our next priority was to continue serving our customers with the essential products necessary for the safety and reliability of critical infrastructure. Our employees again proved to be flexible and adaptable in maintaining high levels of productivity while continuing to deliver best-in-class quality and service that the Hubbell brands are known for. Our next priority was to operate with discipline and maintain strong liquidity for our shareholders and despite considerable end market and operational headwinds as a result of this pandemic, the company achieved full year adjusted operating margins, which were essentially flat to prior year, as well as free cash flow generation of $560 million, reflecting 12% growth over 2019 levels. We accomplished this by focusing on what we could control, including a rigorous drive on productivity, along with disciplined operating expense and working capital management. Hubbell's ongoing operational transformation and footprint optimization investments are producing sustainable savings and we expect to continue providing significant future benefits. While this pandemic is not yet behind us, I am confident in our organizational ability to continue to deliver on our promises and commitments to our customers and shareholders. Now moving on to the result for the quarter and starting on page three. We see solid performance in our Utility Solutions segment, with continued strength in demand for grid modernization and renewables investments, driving mid-single-digit growth in Power Systems business in the quarter. As expected, our Electrical end market volumes remained soft, but we saw a steady pickup in momentum exiting the fourth quarter and continuing into January, which gives us confidence these markets are beginning to improve. Our operational transformation continues to provide structural savings and drive our margin performance, while also contributing to strong free cash flow. This allows us to invest organically, enter acquisition and we'll walk you through some of the ways we are deploying our capital to increase shareholder value later. And finally, we're providing guidance for 2021 today and we'll take you through that in more detail during this call, but the overall takeaway is that we are anticipating a return to growth, while remaining focused on our operating discipline actively managing our cost structure and investing in future growth. Turning now to page four with financial highlights for the quarter. You can see organic sales declined 7%. Demand for utility T&D components in our Power Systems business remained strong, as our utility customers continue to invest to upgrade, modernize and harden critical grid infrastructure, while Aclara still experienced COVID-19-related project delays. The electrical markets improved, particularly exiting the fourth quarter. Adjusted operating margins, of 13.4% declined 60 basis points year-over-year, as a result of lower volumes and the non-repeat of a benefit from tariff mitigation in the fourth quarter of 2019, which we previously disclosed. Excluding the impact of this prior year benefit, we would have expanded adjusted operating margins once again in the fourth quarter, as our restructuring program and cost controls continue to offset lower volumes. Finally, we achieved another quarter of strong free cash flow generation to cap off a year of double-digit growth, through disciplined working capital management. With this, let me turn it over to Bill to walk you through our financial results, in more detail. Bill?
Bill Sperry: Thanks Gerb. Good morning, everybody. Thanks for joining us. We're aware there's, a number of calls this morning. I'm going to start my comments on page 5, which will underscore a couple of points that Gerben made, but you see the 6% decline in sales where Electrical was relatively weaker and Power much more resilient. And as Gerben noted, it was very significant to us to see the inflection in orders. So really starting in December, we started to see orders pickup and turn positive, allowed us to finish year-end with an increased backlog. And encouraged to see the order strength through the month of January, where we had orders up double-digits. So really welcome the growth that that predicts for this coming year. And see our sales expand. Gerben commented on the margins and the impact of the tariff refund from last year. Also you see, earnings per share down at 8%, less than down, the operating profit amount, driven by some favorability on the non-op side, including some favorable tax, interest expense and pension tailwinds that helped us a little bit. I think on the cash flow side, the story is in the year rather than the quarter. And we had a 12% increase in the full year $560 million. Our typical seasonality over the last five years is to have about 30% of the cash flow collected in the first half and 70% in the second half. This year was much more balanced, at 50-50. So you see a negative compare in the fourth quarter, but very good increase for the year. So I'd like to unpack the results and discuss the two segments. And we'll start with the Electrical Solutions on page 6. You see sales down 10%, quite broad-based across the segment. Some of the harder hit areas of Electrical, include the harsh and hazardous area, as the oil economy continues to struggle, C&I lighting as well as heavy industrial, whereas we had relative stronger performance out of resi lighting, our wiring device and our connectors business. The order inflection that I described for the whole company was also experienced in -- within Electrical, so their December showing an inflection to the positive and then strength, into January. So, good to see, a change in the winds for Electrical demand. The margins declined to about 10% there at $55 million of OP, two-thirds of that decline explained by the tariff refund the stores that Gerben had mentioned, so about 20% decrementals without this impact. I did want to draw your attention to the 1% of sales growth that came from acquisitions. Just because I think it's illustrative of our capital deployment program. This is a company called Connectors Products Inc. CPI an area that we like a lot strong markets and high margins. We acquired it last year, at a trailing EBITDA valuation of 12 times. And we own it this year on 2020 numbers at five times. So quite a good illustration of us, adding a nice bolt-on business, use our sales force to push the growth, and be able to take and make cost much more efficient underneath our ownership, so just an illustration there of that one point of acquisition. Page 7, we'll look at the Utility Solutions segment, then you see a 1% decline in overall sales to $479 million. If you unpack that, our legacy Power Systems business increased mid-single digits. That was driven largely by transmission projects which continued to have some support from the renewables area. And the distribution side was strong as well as grid hardening and upgrades to the aging infrastructure continued to be secular trends that are defining the cycle. Aclara was down double-digits, continued to have installation delays as their access issues continuing on their projects. The Aclara business we're coming up on our three-year point of ownership. They have been a mid-single-digit grower for us during that three-year time, and we see it maintaining that mid-single-digit growth through 2021. Excellent performance on the operating profit line. You see a 12% increase, all driven by margin expansion of about two points to the $17.5% level. Very strong price cost management and the growth dynamics are friendly  margin-friendly to us as Power Systems contribute to high margins and the parts of Aclara, the installation side or the lower side. So we've got a mix-friendly growth dynamic there. So again continuing to see really, really strong performance from the utility part of our business. And we'll talk later about how it continues to be an area of focus for our investment dollars. Also wanted to share the full year of 2020 for you on Page 8. And you can see sales down 9%, same theme with Electrical softer; Utility more resilient. There's been steady improvement from the quarters starting with the real shock from the second quarter. Third quarter was better than that, fourth quarter better than third. And now as we said, we're seeing this order inflection that we think turns us to relative growth next year  now this year. The operating profit margins roughly comparable at 14.5%. We think managing to the 15% decrementals that you see indicated is  shows successful cost management. We also had benefits from our restructuring efforts which continue to reward us with savings each year and we also had incrementals from the Power Systems growth, which helped us achieve that 15% decremental results. The free cash flow I had mentioned before, a 12% increase on $560 million. Important thing about that, it enables us to support our CapEx program. We spent about $88 million on capital this year, really important to our productivity efforts and as we'll talk about in our plan, cash flow allowing us to increase the amount of capital we invest in the business next year. Also supports the restructuring program. You'll notice, we invested about $0.03 extra in the program than we had initially thought. There was some opportunities for us to push and pull some things forward and get ahead and get some cost savings going into next year. So we bumped up that restructuring effort here in 2020 with we think were some very good projects. It also supported the acquisition program and in the fourth quarter, we closed on three acquisitions, totaling $236 million of investment. On our October call, we had mentioned the first of those three, which was AccelTex. And you'll recall that was exposed, it's a company with  that makes enclosures and antenna mounts exposed to the 5G trend and buildings staying connected very happy with that acquisition and how it's doing. But I want to turn to Page 9 and talk about two additional acquisitions that we closed in the Utility segment. I'll start on the far right column with Armorcast, an enclosures business that sells into the electric, telecom and water utility area. It's a high-growth business higher than average and has potential of higher margins. So an area that we've been successful on our platform and we have the opportunity to extend the reach of that platform enclosed on Armorcast. I think the second area of note is the vertical area of distribution automation, another area that we think can outgrow the Utility segment in general. It stands in between really the backbone and where our legacy Hubbell Power System business sits and the edge where Aclara sits and deals with the grid automation and controls in between those two areas. We've started a business unit dedicated in this area. We're investing in new product development and we were very pleased that we had the opportunity to invest inorganically in the acquisition of Beckwith also done in December. Beckwith had been a previous partner of ours, where we'd been coordinating between Hubbell hardware, Aclara communications technology and Beckwith with their controls to create new products and we're really pleased now to have Beckwith in the Hubbell Utility family. And again, we think a high growth, high margin area. So we're quite pleased that the free cash flow we generated was able to be invested $236 million in the fourth quarter. And when we get to share our guidance, we'll show you how that's creating some important lifts to our financials for 2021. So I want to turn back to Gerben and to talk about our ESG program.
Gerben Bakker: Great. Thanks Bill. Indeed a couple of great acquisitions to bolt-on to the Utility franchise here in the fourth quarter. Before I take you through our 2021 outlook, I want to take a minute to highlight our ESG strategy at Hubbell and some of the progress that we have made recently using page 10. From a portfolio perspective, our businesses are strategically aligned around electrification and grid modernization, both of which we view as important clean energy mega trends where we are well positioned by a leading role. As the economy continues its transition away from fossil fuels and more things that plug into the electrical grid, it creates the need for new solutions behind the meter in front of the meter and at the edge of the grid. And with our leading position across each of these spaces, Hubbell is uniquely positioned to solve these critical infrastructure problems. A good recent example that I want to highlight is the products that we are supplying to construct one of the US's largest wind farms in Oklahoma starting construction later this year. Not only are we supplying transmission materials from our Utility segment, but also grounding connectors and enclosures products across our Electrical segment. In terms of what we are doing internally to demonstrate our commitment to ESG, I would like to highlight a couple of areas today. First, we have established multi-year goals to reduce our water consumption and greenhouse gas emissions by 10%. We also place a high value on ensuring the safety of our employees and we have been effective in making multi-year improvements, including a reduction of about 40% in both the number and severity of safety incidents in the past five years with further improvements to come. We have also recently launched a new sustainability website with details on the initiatives we are undertaking and expanded disclosures around their operations. We encourage you to visit this website, and I look forward to continue to update you on our ESG journey going forward. Now to our 2021 outlook on page 11 and starting with our end market pie chart on the left. We expect continued growth in our utility markets. We see our T&D components market providing solid 2% to 4% growth and note this growth is coming on top of a relatively difficult comparison, as these markets grew consistently throughout the pandemic in 2020 evidence that the drivers here are more secular in nature due to grid modernization and renewable energy integration. You'll also note, from our press release this morning that beginning in the first quarter of 2021, we will be reporting results of our gas distribution business within the Utility Solutions segment. This is reflected within our T&D component markets on this page. This realigned operating structure reflects our comprehensive offerings of utility components and communication solutions across common electric, water and gas utility customers. We expect the utility communications and control markets to rebound in 2021 and strengthened as the year progresses and regional economies open up more fully with existing projects restarting and new ones launching. We note that even with the declines experienced in 2020, our Aclara business has grown revenues at mid single-digits since we acquired it and we expect to maintain that trajectory at 4% to 6%. On the electrical side of the pie starting at 6 o'clock, we expect industrial markets to return to growth and contribute 3% to 5%. As Bill noted, we are already seeing evidence of this in light industrial, which is shorter cycle and typically the first vertical to pick up, and then we expect heavy to improve as 2021 progresses. We expect residential markets to remain strong and contribute 3% to 5% as housing markets, retail and e-commerce trends remain supportive of continued growth. On the non-residential markets, they tend to be later cycle and we anticipate continued softness into 2021, as new construction spending faces further decline, while renovation and retrofit activity should provide some support to offset. Remember that our non-residential exposure is balanced about 50-50 between new construction and renovation. Overall, with the new segment reporting structure that we announced earlier last year, we see a nice 50-50 balance of electrical and utility markets, representing our strong positions across the energy infrastructure both behind and in front of the meter. In terms of financials, on the right-hand side of this page, we expect total sales growth of 6% to 8% with acquisitions contributing 3% and organic growth from volumes and price contributing another 3% to 5%. We expect adjusted earnings per share of $8.10 to $8.50 and we'll walk you through the drivers of that on the next page. And then importantly, we are driving the free cash flow conversion at 110% of adjusted net income which at the midpoint of our earnings per share guidance gets us back to about $500 million for a few year -- for the full year. This while we invest in working capital to meet improved demand and continue our journey of improving working capital efficiency. So, let me now turn it back to Bill to give you some more context on the moving parts that make up this guidance. 
Bill Sperry: Yes. So, I just wanted to walk everybody through two bridges on page 12. It's a bridge that shows the guidance that Gerben just gave and disaggregates some of the pieces, and then I wanted to show you a two-year walk on the next page. So, for here you see us starting at $7.58 growing roughly 10% to get to that range of $8.10 to $8.50. The first driver is the very welcome return of volume. And so we've got -- as Gerben was highlighting at 6% to 8% sales growth where acquisitions are providing about 3% of that. So, 3% to 5% organic, but with 1% of price which is over to the right. So, this is that balance of 2% to 4% of volume dropping through at 30% to 40%. And again very welcome to see that, very happy to see the order book supporting that growth as we start the year. The acquisitions we've got about $0.25 here in the acquisition bucket. You all had $0.05 already as we had talked about AccelTex back in October, the two new deals that we closed in December, providing an additional incremental $0.20. And then on restructuring we're anticipating lower investment by about $10 million and incremental savings from what we invested last year create a really important lift to our earnings profile and we get to price cost productivity. We're anticipating a year of strong price realization. We've already been to the market. There's not obviously one simple unilateral lever on price. It's brand by brand business-by-business. We've started already pulling those levers in January and throughout the first quarter. Inflation had continued to persist and so it's a very organic process but we need to keep revisiting and make sure we pull price to the extent that we need to as we realize the commodity inflation that you see listed next. Also in this productivity area and cost area is the return of the temporary benefits that we enjoyed in 2020, namely items like furlough savings, T&E and medical savings, and some of the tariff refunds and exclusions that roll off as well as other investments that we want to make in the business. And on the non-operating side we see the tailwind of pension and interest expense partially being offset by a small increase in taxes to get to a range of $8.10 to $8.50 for the year. I also wanted to flip to 13 and show you how 2019 walks to 2021. For us, it was interesting to note that our volumes in 2021 will still be lagging the levels they were at in 2019. And so you see the income lost with that volume in that first bar. But what was really important to us in how we manage the financial performance of the company is we see the incremental acquisitions continuing to be an adder. We see the restructuring program taking out fixed costs, simplifying our footprint, being in our control, and something that's really providing a positive lift to the story a very careful management of price cost productivity. So, certainly, there are times when the inflation can be persistently steep where we can get behind by three months and six months. But through a two-year cycle, we will certainly catch up and be ahead. And so we thought this picture was helpful to show how even with less volume we think we've got both the investing capability and the execution capability to drive earnings above the 2019 level. So, that concludes our prepared remarks and we're happy to take questions operator.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Jeff Sprague from Vertical Research. Your line is now open.
Jeff Sprague: Thank you. Good morning everyone. Just wanted to understand a little bit in the bridge. I think Bill you said the underlying incrementals you're expecting as part of the bridge is 30% to 40%. Is it looks like that would be exclusive of the restructuring and other benefits, but wanted to confirm that. That's a very strong number, particularly relative to kind of the decrementals we experienced in 2020. 
Bill Sperry: Yes. I think what we're talking about is the strict drop-through on the volume will be in that range. The decrementals were driven by offsets from things like the restructuring savings as well as the fact that Power Systems was actually growing and providing incremental. So -- but that drop-through we think just purely on the volume can be in that 30%-range-plus. 
Jeff Sprague: And on price cost just isolating on that I think you said price up 1%. Does that fully cover the commodity inflation that you anticipate, or are you a little bit upside down on price cost?
Bill Sperry: Yes. We're going to have to see ultimately what happens in commodities. So it's a little hard to see how persistent they will be. For example, I think there's one view that says that steel capacity can come back online in the second half, which would moderate some of the increases, but it's possible copper keeps going just to pick two big ones for us Jeff. So I think we're going to have to be very nimble and continue to revisit price with our customers continually and watch those commodity costs really carefully.
Gerben Bakker: Yes. And Jeff, maybe just to add a comment to that. I think the timing of the commodities going up late last year was actually good for us because that's the time at which we're naturally going out with price increases. So we did that. Unfortunately, commodities have continued to spike throughout December into January. And as Bill stated, we absolutely need to be nimble. We're already going out with more price increases here in the first quarter, I think the positive is that the price increases that we enacted last year starting in January 1 have generally stuck well. So that gives us confidence that these next tranches of price increases should do okay as well. But definitely, an area of focus for us this year. 
Jeff Sprague: And I'm sorry just one other one for me. I'm surprised the Aclara guide is not a little stronger. But I guess you're basically assuming the business stays negative even probably certainly in the first quarter and maybe even lagging into the second quarter. Is that correct? 
Bill Sperry: Well I'd say for the first quarter yes, Jeff, but I think we could see it rebounding by Q2. 
Jeff Sprague: Okay. Great. Thank you guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Tusa from JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Steve Tusa: Hey, guys, good morning.
Bill Sperry: Good morning, Steve.
Gerben Bakker: Good morning, Steve.
Steve Tusa: Good execution on the margin fronts. I agree with Jeff on the incrementals. These deals that you're doing, I don't know it looks to me like they're around like 10x EBITDA. What are some of the multiples you're seeing here for the $230 million you spent in the fourth quarter?
Bill Sperry: Yes, we spent 10.5x trailing Steve. So that's in a pandemic year. So I'm hoping by the time we own them for a year and operate them, we'll own them at south of that for our first year of ownership. But on a trailing basis it's 10.5x. 
Steve Tusa: Right. So I guess, when you look out the pro forma a couple of years down the road, I mean is that -- are these things growing like mid to high single-digits, or what kind of growth do you expect a couple of years out?
Bill Sperry: Yes, mid to highs for the areas that we've been investing in.
Steve Tusa: Right. So that's a double-digit return that you're getting on that capital that you're deploying?
Bill Sperry: Exactly.
Gerben Bakker: Yes. This Steve is a typical Utility business tuck-in where the other nice thing from it is we get those synergies pretty quickly. Within the first couple of years, we'll see those. So margins kind of within the first few years in line with the rest of the Utility business. So really right down the center for us.
Steve Tusa: Yes. That's quite a differentiator versus these guys that are chasing the dragon a bit with the 20x plus multiples. Hopefully, you guys don't have plans to try and pivot that way. But -- and then on the -- on kind of a little more color on the first quarter. Anything unusual to kind of call out there? I know you have a tough -- it's obviously the toughest comp, but -- and anything that we kind of have to be aware of when you look at consensus? 
William Sperry: No, I think that the most important thing is as you point out, it's the last tough compare of the year, and Q2 becomes the easiest. I think that as we look at -- historically, Steve, if all we did is kind of seasonally behaved normally based on where we exited Q4 there'd be about three points of growth embedded just in things playing out. So that's not even with much recovery. And I think the other guide I'd point out is if you look at our first quarter we tend to get about a 20% contribution to the year something like that. So if you expect the year to improve a little bit, maybe it will be even a little less than that this year. But those are just the considerations I think for Q1.
Steve Tusa: Okay, great. Thanks for the color.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tommy Moll from Stephens. Your line is now open.
Thomas Moll: Good morning, and thanks for taking my questions.
Gerben Bakker: Good morning, Tommy.
Bill Sperry: Hi, Tommy.
Thomas Moll: I wanted to double back to the bridge you gave us there on slides 12 and 13 specifically on price cost, which has generated more than a little attention I think in recent weeks and maybe months. Bill, this may be asking too much, but could you frame maybe in pennies, or nickels, or dimes per share the price and cost impact there as distinct from the cost benefits that you call out, or if you can't give us a number maybe just orders of magnitude here to help us track that as we go forward.
Bill Hubbell: Yeah. I think what we're trying to pull and the actions that we've entertained is to get a point of price as we sit here starting the year. And as Jeff was asking, we're just going to have to monitor commodities closely to see how adequate that has arisen to see ultimately if we're going to need to do more. But there are a lot of pieces that we're not going to get super granular on in that bucket Tommy including some investments that we want to make and including the return of some costs that left last year as a result of working from home and all of that.
Thomas Moll: Okay. So I think the anchor you want us to be aware of then is embedded in that EPS headwind. It's a point of price on a full year basis. That's the working assumption. Am I hearing that correctly?
Bill Hubbell: That's right Tommy.
Thomas Moll: Okay. And then moving to non-res and appreciate the end market outlook you gave us with some specific data points to anchor to but on the no-nres side, so 50/50 new construction versus R&R. What additional anecdotes or insight can you give us on how that market has progressed maybe on a month-by-month or quarter-by-quarter? It's something that folks are trying to track in real time. You've done a great job giving us an outlook for the year. What does the potential progression look like there?
Bill Hubbell: Yeah. I think if you stick with the new construction side, it would be worse than our guide would be our expectation. And yet we think the MRO piece can be a little bit better. And maybe the only anecdote that I'd add for you Tommy is just thinking about there's a significant amount of national account business that's in the MRO piece as whether it's a quick-serve restaurant or convenience stores or others or large box retailers manage their own real estate and upgrade it. And those projects are frankly nice to have not must-have. And so that can contribute and help the MRO. In other words you don't need a lot of decision makers to say, hey, let's get back to making our space look better to get that MRO piece re-growing again. So maybe that's the anecdote that I'd add for you.
Gerben Bakker: Yeah. Maybe one comment to add there as we think to 2021, and we look at the two pieces the 50% that's new construction, the 50% that's rental. We're thinking along the lines that the new construction is down in that high single digits and we're correlating that with what others are saying, what we're seeing in some of the data. And then the rental will be in up GDP-ish mid-single digits and that's how we get to our end market projection.
Thomas Moll: Very helpful. Thanks, Gerben. Thanks, Bill. Ill turn it back.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Nigel Coe from Wolfe Research. Your line is now open.
Nigel Coe: Thanks. Good morning, everyone.
Bill Hubbell: Hi, Nigel.
Nigel Coe: Just wanted to keep it up on a thread of non-res. We saw the put in place data falling off a cliff in 4Q. I'm just wondering if you saw that deterioration as well. I noticed that Eaton's electrical and airplane business also sort a bit of step back in 4Q. So just curious, how non-res tracked relative to 2% to 4% down in 4Q?
Bill Hubbell: Yeah. I think Nigel that we did experience that on the new construction side. So that's definitely the softer piece of our exposure there for sure.
Nigel Coe: Okay. And then the 30 to 40% core volume leverage I think to Jeff's comments that's pretty impressive. Anything to think back from a mix perspective impacting us in 2021? It doesn't sound like there is, but I'm just wondering how we should think about Aclara mix as that starts to accelerate from 2Q onwards and maybe some of the lighting mix impact as well through the year? 
Bill Sperry: Yeah. I don't know that, there's anything terribly noteworthy in mix. I do think you're right that, if power outgrows that's mix friendly and as C&I Lighting, which would be in this non-res area that you're talking about is a lower margin part of our portfolio so that lagging is not the biggest contributor through growth. So I'm not sure  those pieces are there, but I'm not sure it's super notable to how we're thinking of the year. 
Nigel Coe: A quick clarification. The tariff credit you booked in 4Q of 2019 obviously created a very tough comp for you in 4Q 2020. Was that a one-timer, or were there more receipts in 2020? Just wondering if 220 is the  sorry, 2020 is a clean comp as we go into 2021?
Bill Sperry: Yeah. 2020 is not a clean comp. So there was refund that was chunky in the fourth quarter of 2019, but then there were also exclusions throughout the year that rolled off. And so our net tariff rate in 2021 will be higher than 2020. So that's just something else that we have to manage with price and productivity as part of the part of the package, but that's contemplated in that PCP bar that you see in the guidance.
Nigel Coe: Great.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Christopher Glynn from Oppenheimer. Your line is now open.
Christopher Glynn: Hey, thanks. Good morning, guys.
Gerben Bakker: Hi, Chris.
Bill Sperry: Hey, Chris.
Christopher Glynn: I wanted to talk about Beckwith for a minute. It's interesting to see the Power Systems controls getting developed there. I'm just wondering, where exactly in the grid architecture does that sit in? How are you looking at moving more upstream with control systems versus at the kind of assembly or subassembly level? And do you touch on distributed energy resources at all as those get incorporated into the grid 2.0 so to speak? 
Gerben Bakker: Yeah, I think you're right on your assessment of that. This is right down what we call distribution automation. And this is a business that even before we acquired Aclara and when I ran that Utility business, we talked about investing it. We actually broke out a group to focus on that. We developed products our recloser products for example what was that. So we'd actually been looking at Beckwith for a number of years already. But this is controls for distribution automation. What the nice thing about it is and on that slide that Bill talked about on the organic development, you see actually a controller there that controls a 3-phase re-closer, which we recently launched with the Beckwith controls. So it's distribution automation that Beckwith supplies, and it fits really well with the components  the other distribution components that we have on the grid.
Christopher Glynn: Okay. And then, I wanted to take a longer-term view of lighting a little bit ongoing challenges with competition and stuff. But are you seeing any prospects for wholesale form factor shifts like to slim for instance, or do you think blocking and tackling will be an effective way to run this business long term? 
Bill Sperry: Yeah. I think that  I wouldn't say that we've seen evidence of near-term form factor changes like ultimately lighting someday maybe a piece of film on the ceiling or something and that doesn't feel to be around the corner per se. And so our approach is to continue to make sure we invest in our product line, make sure we have the proper breadth of quality product. We keep investing in the front end to make sure we have the right agents helping us get to market and we keep taking cost out of the back end. So of that restructuring for example, one of the projects is consolidating a lighting facility into a lower cost facility that we've got. So we think, we can keep doing better with what's there. We were quite encouraged that the lighting industry is asking for price increases in early January. It's too early Chris for me to say, how much that sticks. But our major competitors amongst the conglomerates were all recognizing the need to ask for price. And so that's kind of a good sign, I think and so that's how we're looking at it. We're keen to focus on margin there. We don't want to chase volumes that might have unattractive margins attached to it. So we're not focused per se just on growth for growth's sake. And that's how we'll keep running the business.
Gerben Bakker: Yes. Maybe to add to -- I hear very recently as we engaged with one of our large customers as a result of the Electrical segment consolidation and that coming together, I was part of very robust discussions about how we could increase our lighting exposure with this company. So I think it's -- we're seeing some of the benefits of that Electrical segment coming together. And I think we'll see some of the benefits there in lighting. As Bill stated, we want profitable growth in this business for sure. 
Christopher Glynn: Thanks. Appreciate the story. I just had a clarification Gerben. At the beginning you said something about double-digit orders. Maybe that was a December comment, but I didn't quite catch it.
Bill Sperry: Yes. It was around -- we saw the orders inflect Chris in December. And as January has unfolded we've got a month in the books with a double-digit order book. And there's questions as to is that sustainable for the year. We're not predicting so. There can be reasons why maybe customers are restocking a little bit and maybe they didn't chase volume. They might have been managing their inventories in December. So there can be a reason for it to be a little bit above sustainable level, but we're encouraged to see that after the first 30 calendar days of the year. 
Christopher Glynn: Yeah. For sure. Thanks for the clarification.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Josh Pokrzywinski from Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Hey. Good morning, guys.
Bill Sperry: Good morning, Josh.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Hey, Bill just a follow-up on that last question maybe ask a bit of a broader one. Thinking about price versus some of the nuance in the environment right now relative to kind of past periods of inflation. You got this kind of secular shift in T&D investment going on. Lighting is certainly kind of a different business profile and it's already seen a good amount of compression so maybe not as much of a structural headwind as much there. You mentioned that folks want to reload on inventories or restarting to. So in theory that should help the discussion. But do you see yourself with, kind of, a better kind of board in front of you in terms of some of those exogenous factors that may help price yield relative to maybe when we were a few years ago going through this the last time? 
Bill Sperry: Yes. I think the last shock that we really had to manage that created a sharp inflection point was the introduction of tariffs and we felt really good about during the course of a couple of years how that was managed through price. And so this is the next one. And would I say that we feel better set up to get price now than we did then?  t might be a little more equal footing in the sense that somebody might have had a different supply chain and tariffs could have affected different supply chains differently versus this is really being driven by commodities that we all put into our products. And -- as a LIFO company we recognize the higher cost soon. Is there a FIFO company that can delay I mean that all gets squeezed out over the course of an inventory turn, right? So I think, maybe marginally the fact that we're all facing the pressures makes -- and certainly the early behavior in January of competitors on price suggests that it's broader-based than just Hubbell trying to force it through. So I think the setup feels okay, but we've got to keep watching where commodities go and you always end up worrying about price elasticity ultimately and do you affect demand by adding small increments to the price. But I think it feels like a decent setup to us. 
Gerben Bakker: Yes. Maybe one comment to add to that particularly on the Utility business, and again from experience having run that, generally we look at a little bit longer cycles in that business both with getting and giving price long-term relationships with our customers. So we just land up in January. We're not going to be able to wait until the natural renewal of contracts here later this year. But that one probably will tend to lag a little bit more than on the electrical side but we're clearly on top of it and going after it. 
Josh Pokrzywinski: Got it. That's helpful. And then just on the timing of what, I guess is pent-up demand in Aclara with not being able to get out there in the field. How long does it take to kind of unwind that? Is that something that just takes a couple of quarters? Is it a full year given that they'll be kind of pent-up for what will be a full year by the end of the day? Gerben, how do you see that kind of unfolding? 
Gerben Bakker: Yes. If I understand the question correct is the pent-up demand going to create some increased future demand? And I think there is pent-up demand. I'm not sure though, that it will lead necessarily to a big spike because, one of the things with these projects to put them in is a labor requirement and labor from the utility, labor from the suppliers, and that's hard to just make up in a short time. But I do believe that, there's positive growth beyond what would be normally expected in growth given this slowdown, so that will be all for multi.
Bill Sperry: Yes. I think, it would spread out Josh, between three to four quarters to get it all out there. So, maybe between what you're asking.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Perfect. All right. Thanks for the color guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Justin Bergner from Gabelli Research. Your line is now open.
Justin Bergner: Good morning, Gerben. Good morning, Bill.
Bill Sperry: Good morning, Justin.
Justin Bergner: My first question relates to the sort of medium-term outlook for Utility T&D components. I guess, you mentioned you were lapping a reasonably strong 2020. But it looks like, the organic growth if I average the quarters was slightly over 3% and you're sort of forecasting something along the lines of the same versus the strong numbers that were delivered in 2018, 2019. Do you see sort of this 3% level, as sort of the medium-term outlook, even with the secular tailwinds for Utility T&D, or do you think, we could see a reacceleration, looking beyond the next couple of quarters, maybe with infrastructure spending or what have you?
Gerben Bakker: Yes, it's good. I mean, I think, you're generally along the right path of that 3% to 4% and only a few years back, we would have been ecstatic with that kind of growth in the Utility business. You could see, it maybe a little bit lumpy and that's mostly related to our transmission portfolio that we have. But you're thinking along the right lines of that 3%, 4% growth on a secular basis.
Justin Bergner: Okay. Great. And then just two quick ones. The restructuring benefit, is that the $15 million to $20 million of savings plus another $10 million for lower spend? And then, are all the -- is all the M&A revenue anticipated in 2021 already acquired, or are you anticipating more to come?
Bill Sperry: Yes. The -- that revenue is already acquired for the M&A piece. And yes, on the R&R, you've got both levers working. We anticipate spending a little less and then, we're going to get savings off the $0.43 that we spent this year. So those two are combining for that green bar there.
Justin Bergner: Great. Thanks for taking my questions.
Bill Sperry: Thank you.
Operator: Your last question comes from the line of Chris Snyder from UBS. Your line is now open.
Chris Snyder: Thank you for squeezing me in. You talked about all the big lighting players, introducing price increases early 2021. Obviously, there's a looming inflation kind of headwind. So, have you observed any improved price discipline from the many smaller low-cost players who compete on the lighting side? And then, I guess, just kind of following up on that, what gives you kind of confidence that the price increases can stick? Historically, this has obviously been a very price competitive market and now we're in the maybe middle-ish innings of a downturn.
Bill Sperry: Yes. So, if you lengthen the lens, there had been a period of price competitiveness that for the last couple of years actually, there had been some decent pushback on that and the curtailment of that and we've seen a couple of years of actually getting price in lighting. So, the last quarter or two has been kind of a slip back. And so, it's a good question as to why we would be confident that that would be arrested after half a year. And the reason is really because of the behavior that we saw amongst the players. So -- but you're right to raise the question that we'll need time needs to prove how much of that will stick. And you're asking about kind of the international entrants and I don't think, we'd expect them to be as disciplined as the group that I was referencing and who've asked for price.
Chris Snyder: I appreciate all that. And then just last one, following up on the Aclara discussion. It seems like this has historically been like you guys say mid-single-digit growth business. And we're coming out of a year where Aclara is down 15%. So, I think you guys said maybe that pent-up demand gets unwound over four quarters. But if the business is kind of running maybe 20% below where it would be, if there was never a pandemic, could that 20% be unwound over four quarters, or is -- was there a piece of this that's maybe just even further pushed to the right and it will take longer to come back?
Bill Sperry: Yes. I think, the way we're planning this is more akin to the last thing that you said. And yet if you're asking, is it possible that, it is a lumpier business than we're used to with Power Systems and so, it is possible that things get pulled forward. But I think Gerben was highlighting one of the important parts of this, which is that it's not really exclusively a demand question. There's also the installation process and having the people to do that and the crews and the time. And so, we're just anticipating that that comes off. It's not just someone pushing a button and ordering something. It's got to be installed. And so, that's why we're thinking, it's going to be maybe a little smoother than what you're saying which is couldn't it jump up to double digits per year and then taper back to 5%, which is how I'm interpreting your question. I just think it will be a little smoother than that.
Chris Snyder: Appreciate all the color. Thanks for the time guys.
Bill Sperry: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Speakers, I'm seeing no further questions in the queue. Please continue.
Dan Innamorato: All right. Thanks, operator. Thank you for everybody for joining us. And I'll be around all day for questions. Thanks.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-10-27 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Third Quarter 2020 Results Call. At this time, all participants lines are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question and answer session, instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Bill Sperry, Executive Vice President and CFO. You may begin.
Bill Sperry: Good morning, everybody. Thank you very much for joining us. Usually we have got Dan Innamorato kicking off our call. And Dan and his lovely bride decided to go to labor and delivery this morning to hopefully welcome their first child. And so we are going to be joined instead this morning by Jay pan. Jason is second year with Hubbell. And he has been leading SPNA for us here and you may know his name or his voice from his some prior lives he has had in IR so Jay will get us started.
Jason Pan: Thank you, Bill. Good morning, everyone. And thank you for joining us. Earlier this morning, we issued a press release announcing our results for the third quarter 2020.The press release slides are posted in investor section of our website at hubbell.com. Im joined today by our chairman Dave Nord, our CEO; Gerben Bakker and as you just heard our Executive Vice President and CFO; Bill Sperry. Please note that our comments this morning may include statements related to the expected future results of our Company and our Forward-Looking Statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Therefore, please note the discussion of forward-looking statements in our press release and consider it incorporated by reference into this call. In addition comments may also include non-GAAP financial measures. Those measures are reconciled to the comparable GAAP measures and are included in the press release and slide. Now let me turn the call over Dave.
David Nord: Alright. Great. Thanks Jay and good morning everybody. Before I turn this call over to Gerben who is going to lead the earnings call, I want to just say a few words to close out my tenure as CEO and officially pass the Baton on. You saw our announcement in the third quarter of our long planned thorough succession process resulted in our Board of Directors naming Gerben as the next CEO of Hubbell, along with the rest of the Board, Im highly confident that Gerben will continue to build on a long proven track record of success at Hubbell and lead this company successfully into the future. Gerben has added a tremendous amount of value for Hubbell over the past 15-months in his role as Chief Operating Officer. He has been instrumental in continuing to shape our long-term strategy while also leading our operational transformation. And you are seeing the results of those efforts come through in our recent performance. Gerben has also built a strong track record in his prior role, leading our power systems business, where he delivered strong financial results for our shareholders, strong operational and service results for our customers and really strong performance oriented culture among the employee base. He also played a critical role in building our utility solutions platform through the acquisition of a Aclara. But Gerben knows his success and Hubbells success is really dependent on the strength of the overall team and certainly we have got a great team. And I have to highlight that there is some really key people, one that you all are familiar with is Bill Sperry, who is very strong financial and strategic partner and will continue to help guide Gerben to future success. And I know, I could speak highly from my own experience and knowing how valuable that role is and how valuable Bill has been to that. But we have also been active in developing new talent, both internally and externally in our organization at all levels particularly senior leadership, you will recall our recent appointment of Pete Lau to lead our Unified Electrical Solution Segment, as well as Alexies Bernard as Chief Technology Officer; and Katrina Redmond as Chief Information Officer. And we also recently promoted from within Hubbell a long time at very talented Sales Executive Terry Watson, as the VP of Customer Experience. And of course, most of you have met Susan Huppertz over the last couple of years and know how much value she has added in our operational transformation. So while Im certainly going to miss being CEO of Hubbell and meeting with all of you every 90-days, I thought 61 times over the last 15-years is probably enough, but Im proud of the leadership team we have built and Im confident in Gerben and the rest of the teams ability to lead Hubbell into the future. So with that, let me turn it over to Gerben to talk about our strong results for the third quarter, thanks. Gerben.
Gerben Bakker: Great. Thank you, Dave for the kind words, and I just want to add how honored I am to take this new position at Hubbell. Good morning, everybody. I have seen firsthand that what makes this company special our talented people, our reliable products and our long-term relationships with our customers. I look forward to building on the success that we have achieved under your leadership days and Im confident that we have a bright future ahead. Moving to the third quarter, Im going to start my comments on Slide 3 with a brief summary of another strong quarter of operating performance and free cash flow generation for Hubbell. We achieved high single-digit growth in our power systems business in the quarter. A secular grid modernization trends continue to drive the need for utilities to invest in critical grid infrastructure. We continue to differentiate ourselves in the space with our unique utility solutions platform, as well as our reliability and service. And we anticipate end markets to remain supportive of growth. As expected, electrical markets remain soft in the quarter. We saw steady sequential improvement relative to the second quarter, but most end markets continue to see year-over-year declines with a notable exception in our residential lighting business, which grew double-digits in the quarter, which strengthened e-commerce and retail channels. Our operational transformation continues to pay dividends with structural savings on the investments we are making in footprint optimization and we continue to execute on price cost while benefiting from proactive cost control as well as more temporary lower operating expenses. We continues to generate strong levels of free cash flow with almost 30% growth year-to-date. And this cash flow allows us to pursue a balanced capital allocation strategy and generate attractive returns for shareholders. In fact, we closed on a couple of bolts on deals in October following the quarter close, high margin businesses and attractive markets. And we will talk a little bit more about them later in the release here. Looking ahead, we are raising our guidance for the full-year based on strong performance in the third quarter, and our higher levels of visibility through year end, particularly in our utility markets and our execution of costs. Lets turn to Page 4, to highlight our results for the quarter. You can see organic sales declined 8% with demand for utility TND components in our power systems business remaining strong as our utility customers continue to invest to upgrade, modernize and harden the grid. Outside of the power systems, we continue to experience project delays at Aclara and generally soft economic activity across most electrical end markets driven by the COVID-19 pandemic. So demand did improved sequentially in the quarter. Despite the volume declines, and similar to the strong operating execution we have demonstrated throughout 2020, we achieved another quarter of operating margin expansion. Our investment in footprint optimizations continue to pay off with attractive structural savings. We realized positive price cost across the portfolio and we continue to manage our cost across Hubbell as well as benefit from the more temporary lower operating expenses. From an operational perspective, we are managing through the challenges of the pandemic effectively. As an essential manufacturer, our factories are open and operational. And while we experienced some supply chain disruption in the second quarter, these have been resolved and we operated much more effectively in the third quarter. Our focus remains on protecting the health and safety of our employees. While continuing to serve the customers with the products they need to operate critical infrastructure. Finally, you see another quarter of strong free cash flow generation. This cash flow not only supports our strong liquidity position, but also gives us opportunity to reinvest in the business and deploy capital to our shareholders. And Bill will give some more color on that later. With that, let me turn it over to Bill to walk you through our results for the quarter in more detail, and I will come back later to provide some insights on our outlook.
Bill Sperry: Thanks, Gerben. Welcome here to your next 61 quarters and good morning, everybody. Im starting on Page 5 of the slides, you hopefully sound. And you see the sales contraction of 8% and Gerben had highlighted. But the good news for us is that represents a sequential growth from the second quarter of about 17%, which was really good to see both a pickup in demand, and also the smoothing out of supply chain disruptions that we experienced in Q2. Operating profit down 5% but up 60 basis points. I think managing to that 10%, detrimental ballpark, very successful execution by the operating team. You see the earnings per share only $0.4, less than last year at $2.30, despite 8% lower profit growth, but below the OP line, we had a little bit of favorability and non-OP as we had lower interest expense and paid off some debt. We also had some favorable tax, as our effective tax rate was about 22.3% in the quarter, comparing favorable to 23% last year, largely on some provisions to return favorability as some of the Tax Regs got finalized and clarified. Also, I think, importantly, on the cash flow, you see the quarterly amount 10% below last year at 135 million. But the yellow box to the right indicating a 29% improvement year-to-date. We typically over the last five-years, we have shown on average that the second half of the year generate about 70% of the free cash flow. So very back end loaded versus this year, a much more balanced and even much closer to 50/50. And so the year-to-date numbers as well ahead of last year, largely as we are offsetting the lower profit with better working capital management. And we will talk a little bit more about that a couple pages from now. We will unpack now the performance into our two segments and we will start on Page 6 with electrical. You can see the challenging demand environments that we are operating in 3Q as electrical sales are down 14% to 591 million. That sales decline was quite broad based. The heavy industrial markets were the hardest hit. But most of the balance of our electrical markets were off there and in the mid-teens range. The one exception was residential, largely the lighting product but where they saw double-digit growth driven by strengthen people doing more renovation spending while they are at home. I also wanted to point out you see the point on our net M&A neutral, some small amount of portfolio management happening during the year. And you will recall in the third quarter of last year, we sold the Swiss based high voltage test equipment business called a Haefely and we bought CPI a connector business fitting in with the BURNDY brands. Those two sales that we sold versus we acquired offset each other, but we acquired at much higher margins. And so that is a net gain through buying and selling within the portfolio. You see on the operating profit side, a 20% decline to $76 million or 12.9% OP margins, about a one point decline, which was really driven by the decrementals of the lower volumes and partially offset by effective price cost management as well as footprint rationalization. Page 7, we will switch to see a really strong performance turned in by the Utility Solutions segment. Really revealing the strength of our franchise, strong brands, strong relationships with customers, large installed base, high-quality components and being essential to helping our customers powering peoples lives. It is important to disaggregate the segment between our legacy Power Systems and Aclara. Now you see that Aclara was down 16%, behaving more like some of our electrical businesses, really a function of lumpiness as most of their demand is on large contracts and installations and the rolling on and rolling off can get a little lumpy. They also had significant access problems as when you get closer to post peoples homes, and we were prevented from putting in some of the product there. So when you put your lens back on Aclara, though, for the couple of years, we have owned it, it has been in a nice mid single-digit growth. So and we are anticipating that into the future. But the star of the quarter for us was the Power Systems business, up 9%, really three drivers to that. One was secular market growth, the other was storms, and the third was entering the quarter with an elevated backlog. I think the secular market growth Gerben referred to really seeing on the distribution side that last mile, grid hardening spending on components and by renewable spending that are required to transmit the longer distances to get the electricity to the customers. The storms in the quarter added between three, four points. That really does help sales in OP in the quarter, but I would argue more importantly really reinforces the value proposition that we have got in our Utility franchise, namely, offering those quality solutions at really, really critical time to our customers to allow them to get there. The lights turn back on and get their revenues reengaged. So really successful quarter for Power Systems. And as a result, the Utility Solutions operating profit grew 11% to 105 million and breached 20% OP margins in the quarter, expanding by a couple of points. And that is really a function of very strong execution on price cost, good productivity, but also you see the effect of mix. So power outgrowing Aclara is mix friendly. And inside of Aclara, the lower margin end of the portfolio, which is the insulation side is where there has some access restrictions. And so the combination is to help be a positive contributor to margin expansion. I wanted to show you a margin bridge year-over-year for the third quarter because I think it is instructive, not just on this quarter, but how we are thinking about managing the income statement as we go forward. So you will see that the picture starts at 15.8% in the third quarter last year. Then you see the negative impact of the volume declines, the decremental effect there. That has to be overcome in order to expand margins 60 basis points. Im going to read the green bars kind of right to left and start with cost benefits. So that is naturally variable expenses that are proven to be tailwinds in the COVID environment, things like T&E, medical and supplies. And that there has a natural partial offset there between the volume and those variable expenses. Next, you see price cost, which is something that we focus very closely on managing year in and year out. You see favorability in this quarter. That was helped by the fact that with volumes down, you had commodity prices down. But sequentially, we see volumes pick up, we naturally will expect inflation in those commodity areas, which means as we get into next year, we are going to have to be focused on getting price to manage that price cost equation. And the restructuring and related footprint optimization work, you can see how important that is to our equity story going forward, and we anticipate continuing to have this kind of contribution from restructuring and why we have had a multiyear program that we will keep investing in and keep getting favorable paybacks on. So that is a helpful picture of how we got the margins to expand and how that can relate to the future as we go forward. Switch to free cash flow on Page 9. We will see that 29% improvement year-over-year to 404 million, really improving the balance sheet getting our net debt-to-cap ratio down to about 34% range. So very healthy to support investing. This cash flow performance is essentially replacing reduced income with lower working capital needs. The largest contributor to the working capital management is inventory, but receivables has also been sourced. So we worked very hard, as we saw the conditions of the pandemic rolling through, starting in March and April to constrain inventories. We have continued to service our customers, but manage that line item closely, and it is really helped support the free cash flow, which, in turn, helps support our capital deployment strategy. And I mentioned during earnings, we paid back a little bit of debt, and we had lower interest expense. So that was the term loan that we used to acquire Aclara. So that is entirely paid off now. We also have as Gerben described, closed on two acquisitions in October post close of the quarter. One was a small product line inside of Power Systems, a very high-margin product line that we are happy to add. And the second, which you see detailed here is called Excel Tex, which makes antennas and enclosures that work inside of the wireless world and are creating better connectivity and better performance of wireless networks. So common application is to improve cellular reception inside of a building through distributed antenna systems that you maybe have all heard about. So there has a chance for us to acquire exposure to high growth, very high-margin business that fits inside of the Electrical business. Sites acquisitions and debt payback, we also, I hope, saw last week, an increase in our annual dividend by about 8%, and we also reauthorized share repurchase program at 300 million. Certainly, Im happy to have that authority to do that, probably not for you to model in 300 over the course of the next year or so. But I think we will still be tilting our capital deployment toward acquisitions, but good to have that authority, of course, to make those investments in our own stock. Page 10, we have got a look at our end markets and how they have performed during the course of the year and maybe how they are leaning as we go forward. Im going to start at 5 oclock on the pie at gas distribution. And similar to some of the Aclara business, we have seen demand there, but a lot of our activity is near the house and even in the basement. And so having restricted access that is prevented that business from growing. The explosion proof devices, we sell into upstream oil continuing to be weak off of a low base. On the industrial side, we distinguish a little bit between the heavier side where applications would be inside of steel mills or componentry to assist and locomotive production as examples. We have seen that be so quite soft, a little more resilience on the lighter side of the industrial space. Resi is clear area of strength for the year. I think as people have spent much more time in their homes than they are used to seeing them doing quite a bit of rental spending and making that home space more enjoyable to live in. So our Resi lighting, for example, has seen much stronger orders, both in big box retail as well as through e-commerce channels. And non-res, we continue to see contraction and put in place spending and have a cautious near-term outlook as we end the year. But going around past noon to the Utility space, you see demand really remaining solid on the transmission and distribution components. And I really think there are four drivers that are really helping us. We have got an aged infrastructure that really requires modernization and upgrade. That is proving to be secular here that need. The leaning towards renewables is causing demand for transmission on where that wind or solar is being harvested needs to trend knitted to miles to get to where the users are. I think as well, the environmental impacts have been quite profound on the grid, whether that is hurricane or an ice storm or a fire, depending on where you are located, it seems we are all exposed in some way to these environmental impacts, and that is placing an increased demand on utilities, hardening their infrastructure to be able to interact in the environment more successfully. And the fourth driver is in automation, which is really important major savings to utilities as they maintain and repair their grids. It allows for collection of data and communication of data that can become very important in efficiently running networks. And that is everything from meter reading to reclosers that are clearing faults to maintenance and fault detection products. And so I think we have seen those prove to be secular growth drivers that are powering through the pandemic environment. So with that discussion of our end markets, I was going to hand it back to Gerben.
Gerben Bakker: Great. Thanks, Bill. And I would like to make perhaps a couple more comments on what Bill just stated, and this is really something that Im very excited and optimistic about. And that is the continued strength in our Utility facing markets, driven by the secular grid modernization growth. As the economy continues its transition away from fossil fuels and more things get plugged into the electrical grid, this creates the need for new solutions behind-the-meter, at the meter or at the grid edge and in front of the meter, and we have talked about this in our Investor Day. As a leader across the energy infrastructure, published uniquely positioned to solve these problems for our customers. Things like protecting the electrical critical infrastructure, enabling the transition to renewable energy, building a more efficient and connected grid and increasing the energy efficiency of buildings and homes. And we can do this through our products and solutions, but we are also committed to doing this as part of a manufacturer to our sustainability initiatives. We have set multiyear targets to reduce our water consumption and greenhouse gas emission, and we also refresh our sustainability website with new details on the initiatives we are undertaking and the expanded disclosures around their operation. I encourage you to visit our website and look forward to providing you some additional updates on our efforts as we go forward. Now let me turn to Page 11 for an update on our outlook. While the macroeconomic situation remains uncertain, we are confident in the level of execution we have demonstrated over the past several quarters. With increased visibility through the year-end, continued strength in our Power Systems business, improving market as well as the execution of cost, we are raising our 2020 adjusted earnings per share guidance from a range of 7.0 to 7.25 up to 7.45 to 7.60. From a volume standpoint, we expect the fourth quarter to continue to show improvements. We expect a similar theme, as we saw in the third quarter, with Electrical year-over-year volume declines moderating and our Utility markets holding up more resilient. Within Utility, we expect Power Systems to achieve another quarter of year-over-year growth, while declines at Aclara are expected to continue, but at moderating levels as projects get restarted. On margins, we continue to be bolstered by restructuring savings of about $25 million. Price cost has been a positive throughout 2020, but these benefits should start to pay going forward. We also expect the return of some operating expenses, which have run below normal levels throughout the pandemic, but we will continue to actively manage this trade-off relative to improving volumes. And finally, as previously disclosed, we had a discrete benefit in the fourth quarter of 2019 related to tariff exclusions, and this will create some distortion in this years fourth quarter margin compare. On cash, we expect to deliver approximately 550 million for the full year, representing double-digit growth of 2019, despite the declines in revenue and earnings. Let me also provide some comments as we look ahead into 2020. We will provide guidance when we release our fourth quarter results. But we are in the middle of our planning process right now, and we are anticipating a year of modest market growth in 2021. We expect our Utility facing end markets to remain solid, while our Electrical market should continue to show steady improvements into 2021. On margins, there will be a lot of puts and takes. But on net, we are planning for a year of modest margin expansion with our operational transformation actions continue to provide tailwinds. To summarize, we are very pleased with Hubbells performance and execution in the third quarter, delivering margin expansion, strong cash generation and essentially flat year-over-year earnings per share in what remains a challenging environment. We are raising our guidance for the balance of the year, and we remain confident in our ability to deliver differentiated performance for our shareholders over the near and long-term. This concludes our prepared remarks for the quarter, and maybe we can ask the operator to operate the line now for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Jeff Sprague from Vertical Research. Your line is now open.
Jeffrey Sprague: Thank you good day everyone. Dave, enjoy the retirement. Hopefully, we will see you around in Connecticut here and there.
David Nord: Alright. Thanks, Jeff.
Jeffrey Sprague: Yes. All the best. I wonder if we could talk about Aclara a little bit more, Gerben. So your view that some of the project delays are starting to wane. How do we get confidence in that actually if kind of COVID is still raging? And would seem we still have kind of these access issues? So are your customers taking other precautionary actions or something that would allow them to move forward? Just a little additional color on how you expect this to play out into Q4 and then maybe what the setup is for Aclara into 2021, given the comps that you are going to have here?
Gerben Bakker: Right. Good morning, Jeff, and yes, it is - I think you used to work caution. And that is still very much what we are seeing with our customers. If you think there has really two phases of activity again. One is resuming projects that were put on hold. And there is enormous pressure on Utility companies to resume. There has a lot of fixed cost that they have when they deploy these projects. And when you come to a stop like this, you dont eliminate all those costs. So certainly, Utility customers that are in the middle of deployment, feel the pressure to restart those. So we are doing that right now. I would say we are doing it pretty successfully. But with a lot of precautions to make sure that, that certainly we dont infect our own people and the people that will go into the homes. The second area is, if your Utility and you havent started the project yet, there is a tendency to not start for that same reason, right. Once you get started, there has a lot of costs that you are deploying and you want to make sure that you dont get interrupted a month later. So that is where we are seeing a little bit of projects continuing to move to the right. The positive is that we are continuing to see the projects. We are continuing to quote on projects. Our backlog continues to be strong. So we believe that this is a move to the right as opposed to demand slowing. So as a result, we do see the fourth quarter improving, and we see 21% improving further.
Jeffrey Sprague: And separate unrelated, could you just speak to channel inventories? We heard from Schneider that there has a rebuild going on across their channels. Obviously, they are much broader and globally diverse, et cetera. But what is going on with the channel? And maybe as part of that, you noted kind of the price cost will start to narrow. But are you out with or plan to be out with kind of pricing as you look into the new calendar year? Thanks.
Bill Sperry: Yes, Jeff, I think we did see during the second quarter, some destocking happening in the channel. And Im not sure we have lots of evidence that everything has been restocked. So as Gerben and I have been meeting with our customers, I think there has a general cautiousness, and I think they are happy to have some of their inventories lower, and they are happy to put demands on us to make sure we can deliver things on time, especially in vendor-managed inventory situation. So I dont think we have seen a big restock yet that has offset the destocking that happened. I think everyone is kind of playing to see how volumes unfold. And yes, on the pricing side, sequentially, certainly, I think copper kind of bounced first, Jeff, right, but steel aluminum coming. And so I think we felt very successful through, for example, the tariff period, working with our customers on price. And I think this will be a new phase where we have to get it. And you are right that, that doesnt happen in a week. That takes usually several weeks of conversation and planning and working with customers to get that figured out. So there has a process on that underway across various parts of the company.
Jeffrey Sprague: Thank you. I will pass it on.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Tusa from JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Charles Tusa: Good morning. Congrats to Gerben, and congrats to Dave as well.
David Nord: Thanks, Steve.
Gerben Bakker: Thank you.
Charles Tusa: So just on the cash flow for next year, is this year a good base for growth? Or are there certain things that are kind of unsustainable in a down revenue environment, a volatile revenue environment here?
Gerben Bakker: Yes. I think, Steve, there is two things. I think it is a difficult level to grow from. And so I think 2019s level is much more the way to think of the right pace. So one of the factors that contribute to that is the fact that we have had some tailwind from the CARES Act and how payroll taxes were able to be deferred. So that switches next year from a tailwind to a headwind. And the balance is the relationship between as we ramp volume back up, the requirement to invest in working capital, most notably in inventory. And so the incumbent upon us to kind of manage those days -. But I dont think of this years level as a good point to grow on. I think we will be growing off relative 2019 level.
Charles Tusa: Okay. That makes sense. And then just lastly on some of these deals and kind of carryover. Any other kind of carryover puts and takes in the next year? I know you guys have talked about price cost a bit, but any other moving parts next year just that may be more mechanical for the view?
Bill Sperry: Yes. I think Gerben mentioned the distortion in the fourth quarter from some of the tariff exemptions that kind of were lumpy as they came through there. The storms that happened in Q3, it is always storm season. This happened to be an active year. Hard to know how much of that repeats. But kind of typical puts and takes, I would say, Steve.
Gerben Bakker: Maybe after that on the opposite side of that is our continued work on the footprint realignment and that should data provide tailwind for us into 2021.
Charles Tusa: Right. Okay. Thanks guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Nigel Coe from Wolfe Research. Your line is now open.
Nigel Coe: Thanks good morning. Also again congratulations, David, congratulations and enjoy retirement. I think we are all quite jealous about that.
David Nord: Thanks, Nigel.
Nigel Coe: You have definitely done your tour of duty then. So I want to call it back to price cost because Im not sure if the margin bridge is the scale, but it looks like it is certainly well north of the point of price cost benefit this quarter. So maybe just comment on that. And then as we go into 2021, it feels like steel and aluminum inflation is kind of hitting the right time in at the end of the year, beginning of the new year when you normally put through some price increases. So do you think you can be more proactive on the pricing discussions than you have been rather than you were in, say, 2018? And then on freight, it is part the same discussion, do you normally surcharge rates to your distributors just because obviously, freight rates are running quite hot right now?
Gerben Bakker: Yes. So lets talk about - you had a couple of pieces to that, Nigel. So price cost in the quarter was favorable. The order of magnitude is reasonable. You had kind of the two effects of we were getting price plus commodities were a tailwind, that is kind of a what happens, but it is an unusual arrangement. So that will be moderating, obviously, as we move forward. I think your point on steel and aluminum is exactly right. And I totally agree with your timing point that it is good to be able to have that come up at the end of the year, because a lot of - and particularly, a lot of the Power Systems is done on blankets, and that happens around this time of year. So you are reliant on doing that. I think, certainly, as tariffs rolled us in 2018, we learned a lot about how to have the pricing conversations with our customers. We learned how to share that information, make sure they understood where we were coming from. And importantly, we learned to ask and that you have to ask and I think we had a very be experience managing through that tariff. So I think we will apply all that learning. And note to your freight points, we typically do not get reimbursed for freight. Unless there are occasions inside of some storm business, for example, that would be rush than maybe a customer would pay. But typically, we do. And so it is interesting coming out of some of the disruptions, Nigel, of the second quarter, I think we found ourselves in the third quarter doing more expedited freight, having kind of inefficient mode usage. So maybe a little more in LTL rather than truckload, a little too much parcel, a little too much express because we are kind of coming out of the disruptive quarter and looking to keep customers service at adequate levels. So I think that as within freight, I think we are looking to kind of re-get that mode shift back to favorable mixes that will come out of a more normal supply chain smoothly running supply chain.
Nigel Coe: Okay. Bill, that is great color. And then my follow-on would be that, obviously, the outlook for Power Systems in 2021 beyond looks pretty good. Are you getting in from D.C. on what a stimulus bill might look like and how that might benefit your smart grade investments and specifically how it benefits Hubbell? Any color there?
Bill Sperry: Yes. I dont know that we do have any unique insights to how Stimulus Bill might specifically effect. I think it will be interesting to see how the next week goes. And what we have policy wise rolling down at all of us.
Gerben Bakker: Yes. Maybe just would add to that, Nigel, that independent perhaps a policy. There is definitely investment in these areas. And I would say almost neutral of what party is in charge. But we believe this business is really well positioned with secular growth trends in renewals with the upgrade and modernization of the grid so we are very optimistic about this area over the next few years, independent of policy.
Nigel Coe: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Deepa Raghavan from Wells Fargo Security.
Deepa Raghavan: Hi good morning. First off, Dave, good luck, and thanks for your leadership. Official congratulations to Gerben looking forward. Two questions. One for Gerben, one for Bill. Gerben, can you talk to trends in the quarter, July, August, September? And generally, talk through how October has shaped up so far, but also touch upon if any verticals disappointed you based on what you were expecting 90-days ago? And then I have a follow-up for Bill.
Gerben Bakker: Yes. We have certainly seen through that period, strengthening. And I think that was one of the reasons why we narrowed our guidance range with more visibility, and we increased our guidance. So I would say some markets have been stronger than others in that. I think the industrial market, specifically the light industrial markets. We have seen some pretty nice rebounds over that period. The one that we continue to be most concerned about, even though we have seen sequential improvement as well is on the non-res side. So I dont know that I would say that any have surprised or disappointed us in the quarter, but perhaps to a smaller magnitude, the granularity of how we look. But overall, we have definitely seen improvement. And the reason why not only the comments for the fourth quarter and the full-year, but early view for 2021. And I will just stay with that. There has still a lot of uncertainty in the next three months for us. We are really engaged with our teams, with our customers to fully understand what 2021 could bring. But at this point, we see slight growth for 2021.
Deepa Raghavan: Got it thanks. Bill, given all the cost actions taken this year, should we expect some of your typical annual restructuring of $0.20 worth, should that be lower next year? Or do you think you would continue it, so you can offset some of the temporary costs that potentially could come back next year?
Bill Sperry: Yes. I think, Deepa, it is a good question. And since everyones congratulated everybody, but me, I feel like the here the way that is. But I think the cost actions, if you go back to our Investor Day, which feels Deepa, like a lifetime ago when we were together in New York in the first week of March, our expectation was that there could be some tapering in our restructuring spending starting next year. So maybe going from $0.40 down to $0.30 maybe. And I think what we have seen is the spending this year, we are trying to keep on track to spend the $0.40. Some of the actual footprint work was hard to do with people on furloughs. You dont have the resources in to get the work done. And in some of the dollars were shifted towards good fashion headcount realignment, which has really quick payoff. So rather than having that tapering that I think we talked about in March, I would anticipate, and we dont have our operating plan to present to you all yet. We will do that in January. But I anticipate our restructuring spending to be more flat next year. Because I think there has some projects for this year that we wont get a chance to finish, and we are going to want to do them anyway because they have really nice returns. And so I think our spending, we will kind of probably maintain that, I would think, next year.
Deepa Raghavan: Maintain as in $0.40 Similar to this year or $0.20, which is your normalized level, or $0.30, which you said in May. Im sorry, which one is it?
Bill Sperry: Yes, Im saying 30 million or $0.40, which is what we are trying to do this year, yes, and maintain that next year. rather than taper back 2020, yes.
Deepa Raghavan: Okay. Got it. Thank you so much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Josh Pokrzywinski from Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Joshua Pokrzywinski: Ho good morning all. Let me just first echo some of the congratulations out there for Dave and Gerben. And then Bill, I dont want you to feel left out. So really appreciate it. A couple of questions for me, not to put too fine a point on it, but I think the earlier comment on expecting some margin expansion next year. Maybe if I can just get one additional slice on is that as a function of operating leverage? Or is that margin expansion in a vacuum kind of before the impact of growth?
Bill Sperry: Yes. No, the growth will be an important part of that, Josh. So that is why I wanted to show you that margin slide, even though it is only for the quarter, I think it is constructive. So I think the way we get to margin expansion is the red bar on volume decremental slips to green. Some of those cost benefits, T&E and furloughs and temporary actions, stuff like that, that will flip back to Red, but net of those two should be okay, and that leaves you to manage price cost, which was, I think, two of the questioners we are getting at, and we agree how important that topic is as we are at the point of watching materials here. And as well as Gerben was highlighting, just getting that restructuring benefits of continued projects this year. So I think that picture is how we accomplish it. But getting volume is a good important part of the story or at least eliminating the red of the negative one.
Joshua Pokrzywinski: Got it. And then just to follow up on, I think Nigels earlier question on lighting. Maybe broadening a little bit can you just remind us kind of regardless of anything that happens on the legislative and the incentives, what you think the penetration looks like on LED today? And to the extent that we have seen past actions like ARA, I think it was like a decade ago, is there anything in there on by American that would necessarily advantage Hubbell relative to peers if you were to see kind of the similar kind of shell for climate or energy efficiency based incentives on with a given election outcome?
Gerben Bakker: Yes. I think to the first point on penetration, I think we are at a very high level now. We are sort of, I think, in that 85-ish percent range of LED is sort of the new norm now, I would say. And in terms of how our supply chain is organized versus other lighting manufacturers, I dont think there has really much advantage or disadvantaged to anybody vis--vis tariffs or any trade policy or by American type. I think we would all benefit if there has a push towards more energy-efficient buildings and more clean buildings and people spending more on components to make the space as we live and work in cleaner and more efficient. I think that would just lead to more component sales and retrofit work. But I dont think any competitive advantage or disadvantage based on supply chain structure.
Bill Sperry: Maybe just a comment on add to that. While the LED penetration certainly is deep, I think an area of growth for this market is lighting controls. And it is hard to make the LED lives that are now in buildings and structures more efficient and more effective. So that is certainly an area that we are seeing the growth on our own basis.
Joshua Pokrzywinski: I appreciate that color. Thanks for that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Christopher Glynn from Oppenheimer. Your line is now open.
Christopher Glynn: Thanks, good morning everyone and happy 61st Dave.
David Nord: Thanks, Chris.
Christopher Glynn: So 59, but I will be more careful.
David Nord: You were there for the first one. So that is great.
Christopher Glynn: I had a question on your non-res exposure. How are you thinking about the mix of new construction versus maintenance and rental and operating in a downturn, the demand for indoor space, new construction might see some sustained pressure, but maybe the rental maintenance has some tactical tailwinds coming in? Im just thinking of the range of outcomes, maybe you are contemplating for non-res markets?
Bill Sperry: Yes, Chris, I think if you took our non-res exposure, you can kind of cut it in half. And half of it is lighting, commercial C&I lighting product, and the other half is wiring and some connector-type products. So I think if you were to start with lighting, they have really gone more than 50/50 to the rental side, and there really are some interesting national count drivers of large operators of real estate, think of quick source restaurants or big-box retailers, and they can turn on and off large programs of and that can kind of uncouple, I think, from some of the non-res data. So there has opportunity in some of that or that to switch on, say, specifically in lighting. On the others, C&I products, I think that skews less and more new construction. And at the same time, I think there has still an emphasis on how we sell the product within four, trying to find those rental opportunities and make sure you are getting your share or more than your share of that work either by getting to specifiers, right, being a part of getting specked in rather than just waiting to be plucked off the shelf.
Christopher Glynn: And I had a follow-up on Aclara. Maybe you are at 80 million, 90 million this year. But prior to COVID, I think you were expecting some growth after the tough first quarter comp and backlogs hanging in there. Maybe Utilities adapt a little with COVID on off quarter-to-quarter. I mean, could that kind of unleash and kind of put up very nice growth next year, is that a scenario that is reasonable?
Bill Sperry: I would say it is a possible scenario. I think we will be able to, and we give you our outlook in on our next call, we will be more explicit about what we see there. I think what you are describing is possible.
Gerben Bakker: And maybe just one other comment to add to that is, clearly, we are seeing the projects move to the right. There is a constraint in labor availability to put all this in. So I agree, like, Bill, there is definitely growth into next year. And there has a desire by utilities to continue to invest in this area. Limiting factor is how quickly can they put these systems on.
Christopher Glynn: Great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Snyder from UBS. Your line is now open.
Christopher Snyder: Thanks for the time guys. So my first question, just following up on the comments just previously around Aclara. So you guys said you see this as kind of a mid-single-digit secular growth business. Kind of by my math, it is running down double-digits this year. If you could kind of unpack that maybe like 15-ish percent or higher disconnect in terms of what we should expect next year? How much of that do you think has really been pushed to the right? And how much of that is maybe kind of lost or will come on maybe some year post 2021?
Bill Sperry: Yes. Im describing our couple of years of ownership, where we had some big up years, right? And so that is combining with this year to get us to mid-singles. And so I think that when you can get the installers into near buildings, I think you are going to see that return to that level of growth. I absolutely think in our conversation with our customers that the role of smart meters and communication devices and grid monitoring products that Aclara sells are in quite high demand. And as we are seeing on the component side, our business utilities where it is in the infrastructure and backbone, and they dont have access issues, they are actually willing to spend to upgrade. So I think that is taken us to 11 oclock. And Dan usually comes on at this time and says, please call me and follow-up, and Dan will wont be around. So Im hoping you can wait a day or two for Dan. If there has something burning that you need to follow-up on, Jay and I will figure out how to get back to you. It just may not be as responsive and cycle time, but appreciate your understanding there.
Gerben Bakker: Well, thank you, everyone, for joining us on the call today. That will conclude todays call. Thank you, operator.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes todays conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-08-02 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Second Quarter 2020 Results Call. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Dan Innamorato. Thank you. Please go ahead, sir.
Dan Innamorato: Thanks, operator. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. I'm joined today by our Chairman and CEO, Dave Nord; our President and Chief Operating Officer, Gerben Bakker; and our Executive Vice President and CFO, Bill Sperry. I will announce the second quarter results for 2020 this morning. The press release and slides are posted to the Investors section of our website at www.hubbell.com. Please note that our comments this morning may include statements related to the expected future results of the company and are forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Therefore, please note the discussion of forward-looking statements in our press release and considered incorporated by reference into this call. In addition, comments may also include non-GAAP financial measures. Those measures are reconciled to the comparable GAAP measures and are included in the press release and the slides. Now let me turn the call over to Dave.
Dave Nord: All right. Thanks, Dan, and good morning, everybody. Thanks for joining us to discuss our second quarter results. I appreciate everybody taking the time. It's certainly been an interesting 90-plus days since we were last in front of you. And I think there's a lot to cover today. So I'll start my comments on Slide 3 with a brief summary of what I think is another strong quarter of operating performance and free cash flow generation for us. We clearly saw the impact of COVID-19 on the economy, our end markets and our operations, but we continue to focus on what we can control, and we effectively navigated through a quarter of significant volume declines, down 21%, but still ended up with margin expansion and very robust free cash flow. You'll note that our free cash flow is, at this point in the year, more than halfway to our full year goal, which those of you following us, know that, that's not our typical trend. And Bill will talk more about that in a little while. Our operational transformation continues to provide benefits with attractive savings on the investments we've been making in our footprint optimization. And we continue to execute on price cost and we were proactive in managing our cost structure in the second quarter. Looking ahead, while things continue to show signs of improvement, we continue to see some uncertainty in our volume outlook for the second half, with the timing and magnitude of recovery still to be determined. But we think our utility-facing end markets will remain resilient as critical grid infrastructure needs to be upgraded and maintained. And electrical markets, while challenging, continued to improve. And overall, despite continued market volatility, we're well prepared to manage through a range of scenarios. You'll recall, we walked you through our recession playbook last quarter and talked about how we've historically performed well through past downturns, given the less cyclical nature of our utility business and our ability to execute on margins and free cash flow. You saw evidence of that in the second quarter, and we feel well positioned for the second half. Turning to Slide 4. I think it's important to look back on our approach to navigating through COVID-19 and revisit the commitments we made to our employees, our customers and our shareholders. We successfully implemented a rigorous set of protocols to keep our employees safe while we continued to provide our customers with the essential products they needed to operate critical infrastructure safely, reliably and efficiently. And I can say even from my own experience being in our offices since the beginning of June, I think our protocols, I feel, are very safe, and I think our employees should feel very safe when they come back into the office. We did experience disruption in our supply chains in the second quarter as expected, but all of our facilities are currently operational and we're able to continue providing customers with the same level of quality and reliability they've come to expect from Hubbell over decades-long relationships. Importantly, we're also committed to proactive actions to manage our cost structure as Hubbell employees across the enterprise made sacrifices, recall in reduced compensation and other cost reductions. Finally, we're committed to preserving our strong liquidity position. And after another strong free cash flow quarter, we believe we're well positioned with approximately $0.5 billion in cash sitting on our balance sheet at quarter end. While we laid out our second quarter financial framework, we believe that a decremental margin in line with our gross margins at around 30% would have reflected solid performance. And we did significantly better, delivering decrementals of only 14% in the quarter. Looking ahead, while the impact of COVID-19 is significant, we believe there is still a long way to go before this pandemic is behind us. We're proud of our employees for the way they've adapted to a new environment. Some people say normal environment, but - the new normal, but this is far from normal. It really is just a different environment that we're working through. And we're doing that while still delivering strong execution and performance. And we're going to continue to take steps to effectively mitigate the near-term impacts of the pandemic while preserving long-term value for Hubbell and our shareholders. Before I turn it over to Gerben to talk about in more detail the segment results and our financial performance, I want to give some additional color on the press release from last night announcing a change to our operating structure and the consolidation of our three operating groups within our Electrical segment into a unified Electrical Solutions segment. Over the last year, Gerben and I have been working closely and as he's got more insight into the rest of the businesses, he's identified opportunities for us to continue to streamline and address our organizational structure. And we agree that there's significant opportunity in better optimizing our scale across our Electrical offerings to develop integrated solutions for our customers. The formation of a unified Electrical Solutions segment will benefit our channel partners and customers through increased ease of doing business as well as improved innovation and development of integrated solutions. It's also going to generate a more streamlined organizational structure, which we expect to generate productivity benefits. Certainly, in evaluating our portfolio, we believe this operating structure best positions us to fulfill our purpose as a company, which is to enable our customers to operate critical infrastructure, safety - safely, reliably and efficiently. We're uniquely positioned to solve these problems as the only company with leading positions across the energy infrastructure, including behind the meter, in front of the meter and at the edge of the grid. You'll recall that on Page 5, a slide that we showed at our Investor Day back in March, gives us the unique opportunity to leverage our installed base to generate insights from the transmission and distribution of energy, the consumption of energy and the ability to collect, analyze and control energy data. Similarly to our integrated operating structure in our Utility Solutions segment, which we described at our Investor Day back in early March, the next phase in our evolution, we believe, is in the unified Electrical Solutions segment. It's going to allow us to more effectively target attractive new market segments and develop differentiated offerings for our customers with increased speed as the markets evolve at a faster pace through this pandemic environment. Importantly, we've identified and named a leader, who we think is uniquely capable of delivering on that vision in Peter Lau. Peter has extensive leadership experience and a strong track record across other multiindustry companies, particularly in the commercial building space, and we're confident he's the right person to help lead this business into the future. With that, I'll turn it over to Gerben to walk you through some more details, and then Bill will walk you through some of our working capital, cash flow and margin analysis. Gerben?
Gerben Bakker: Great. Thank you, Dave, and good morning, everybody. And before I go into our second quarter results, I would like to provide a couple of additional comments on the new Electrical Solutions segment. As I transition into my role about a year ago, I spent a lot of time in the electrical businesses, obviously, coming out of the utility business. I got great insights into the strength of our brands, our leaders and the attractive markets and customers we serve. But what I also found that it was more difficult to navigate. I was spending more time on internal alignments, coordinations and realizing that a more consistent approach could better serve us and our customers driving more efficiencies. We moved over the last year to a more disciplined operating rhythm. I think we talked about that to you at the Investor Day, and we have seen incremental benefits. And certainly, that has served us tremendously well managing through this COVID pandemic, but knowing the value that we had created in the utility business, it became clear that the electrical businesses could benefit from a similar structure. I worked with Dave and the executive team over the past several months and I'm really excited that we're executing this change right now. We're going to be driving better customer experience and solutions, faster and more efficient processes and in the end, I would say, incremental growth and value. I'm confident in the addition of Pete, and Dave just gave a little bit of background, I spent quite a bit of time talking with him before we hired him. And also in our leadership and I'm very confident that we'll see a successful transition to this new reorganization. So now turning to Slide 6. And starting at the top line, we saw significant economic headwinds as a result of COVID-19, which caused decline across a number of our end markets. Though demands in the utility-facing market was more resilient as were residential markets. We also experienced supply chain disruptions as a result of regulatory closures, primarily in Mexico and impacting our utility business, and I'll talk a little bit about that when we get to the segment review. This was effectively navigated and resolved within the quarter as expected. Despite the volume challenges, we achieved operating margin expansion in the second quarter through strong execution. Our investment in footprint optimization are continuing to pay off with attractive and sustainable savings. We also continue to realize the benefits of positive price/cost across the portfolio. And while we faced operational disruptions and inefficiencies as a result of COVID, this was more than offset with the cost management. We took proactive compensation actions that Dave highlighted earlier. We realized lower operating cost, and Bill will talk about that in a later margin bridge that he'll cover. And finally, we realized another quarter of strong free cash flow. As we continue to execute our working capital initiative. We'll walk you through our liquidity position in detail later, but obviously, very encouraging to see our second quarter and year-to-date performance here, which supports our liquidity position as we continue to manage through this period of uncertainty. Turning to Page 7. You basically see what I just talked about in graphical format. Again, you see the sharp decline in sales, but offsetting that is margin improvement of 300 basis points with strong execution, and you also see the significant growth in free cash flow. Now turning to Page 8 and provide some additional comments into each of the segments. Electrical sales declined 26% in the second quarter, with really broad-based weakness across most of our end markets. We did see some pockets of relative strengths, the residential market, particularly in the e-com and retail channels as well as certain light industrial verticals. However, we didn't see much differentiation across the rest of our electrical end markets, which saw similar levels of decline throughout the quarter. And then we also had to manage through to the supply chain disruption, primarily in our lighting business with the factories located in Mexico. And this affected both the electrical as well as the power businesses, particularly two main facilities in the maquiladoras, but both were resolved within the quarter. When looking sequentially, we saw May being our weakest month from an order and shipment perspective, while June started to show some stabilization and sequential improvement, and we've continued to see that in and through July. Turning to operating profits. We faced headwinds from lower volumes as well as operational inefficiencies as a result of COVID-19. These include absorption and productivity challenges, appreciation pay that we put in place for factory workers and operating expenses, particularly related to cleaning protocols, protective equipment. And Dave talked earlier about feeling safe coming into the office, I think our employees would say they'd feel safe coming into all of our facilities and factories, but there was a cost obviously related to those. However, we delivered strong margin performance with decrementals below 20%. We took proactive actions to reduce compensation in the second quarter and we also benefited from broader cost management across the enterprise, and Bill will cover this later in his slides. Price/cost was a positive tailwind for us as we hung on to the carryover benefit of prior-year pricing action, while commodities were modestly favorable for us. And as I mentioned earlier, we continue to realize the benefits of our investment and restructuring actions. And we see plenty of runway here for sustainable savings over a multiyear period as we continue our operational transformation. Turning to Page 9 and the Utility Solutions business. We saw sales decline of 13% in the second quarter. Power Systems sales were down mid-single digit, but this was all due to the supply chain disruption in our Mexico facility, which we talked to you about in April. We're able to restart and ramp up that facility again within the quarter as expected. Demand for the T&D components was resilient as utility customers continued to invest to modernize the grid as well as the ongoing investments in renewable generation, which is supporting strong transmission project activity for us. This market, I would say, isn't immune to the macro and typically lags our electrical businesses by a couple of quarters, but I'd also tell you that we're exiting the second quarter with a good backlog and optimistic that we can grow this business in the third quarter. Aclara sales were down 25%, as this business was significantly impacted by the projects and installation delays as a result of COVID-19 regulatory restriction. And this limited really access for us into home and commercial buildings. Demand for smart grid solutions remained solid, but with social distancing measures and government-mandated lockdown, it's been very difficult for us to access the properties to complete installations. OP for this segment was down modestly, while margins were up significantly, expanding 170 basis points and driving strong decrementals. Similar to our Electrical segment, the lower volume and COVID inefficiency were offset by cost management and positive price/cost. We also benefited in this segment from positive mix in the quarter and really two sources here: first is the power systems as a higher-margin business held up stronger than Aclara, as I talked about; and secondly, within Aclara, the lower margin installation business was the one most affected by the regulatory delays and project impacts. So let me now turn it over to Bill on Slide 10. Bill?
Bill Sperry: Good morning, everybody. I appreciate you taking time to join us and hope you're being safe. Gerben described for you our margin expansion. On Page 10, we thought it would be informative to go through a bridge because there really are an awful lot of puts and takes. And there's more to the performance here than just the volume, and there's some structural elements as well as some temporary volume-based variable cost moves. So I wanted to just untangle that and walk everybody through it. So I'm going to start on the right side of the page. You see we ended at 15.8% operating profit margin, a 30 basis point improvement over the same period last year. The two green bars to the right really represent the work that we do quarter in, quarter out, year in, year out to help work on improving our margins. The first is price cost. We're constantly evaluating where our costs are and making sure we're getting adequate price to ensure we get margin expansion from that activity. That was a nice contributor again this quarter. And to the right of that, you see the restructuring footprint optimization and you see a very healthy contribution there. The two of those combined to give us about two points of lift in margin, which, in a flat volume quarter, would have been a really significant standout contributor. Unfortunately, this quarter, you see all the volume-related things to the left, which absorbed all but 30 basis points of that benefit. I think it's worth pausing on the restructuring just for a second. You'll see that during the first half of 2020, we've invested a comparable amount to what we invest in the first half last year. But we continue to see, and we're increasingly encouraged by the savings that are coming out of these projects. We now are experiencing a run rate. We estimate to get about $25 million of savings running through 2020. And you'll recall last year, we invested about $37 million. So our payback there, very attractive and very nice returns. So if you go to the left of the page, you'll start to see the impacts of volume. The first red bar there is the markets we experienced, as Gerben described, a 15% decline in demand and as you lose the profit from that volume, it drags margins down. The next bar, we think we lost an additional 5% to 6% of sales with the supply-chain disruption that Gerben mentioned in Mexico. We lost similarly the margin from those sales, but also, there are costs in there of absorption from temporary closures and furloughed factories. There's appreciation pay. There's emergency paid leave and there's extra PPE expenditures, all of that contributing and dragged. But the next green bar is really the business model's variable response to that lower volume. We took salaries down. We imposed furloughs that reduced compensation expense, T&D spending way down as no one was getting on airplanes, medical down as people were delaying their visits to doctors, and we spent less money on supply. So you see the very natural variable response of the business model. But I think the real story of the margin bridge is the two points that we got through price costs as well as restructuring investing that we've done. On Page 11, we've put the two quarters together here and shown you the first half. The two quarters are remarkably different, a pre-COVID quarter and a COVID quarter, but I still thought it was instructive to put them together and show you where we are on a summary basis that half time. So you see our net sales down double digits to just over $2 billion. The Utility business doing better than the Electrical in terms of sales growth. And within Utility, the Power System actually growing in the first half. The margins on operating profit are comparable. And so you see a profit decline in line with the sales level of decline. And the resulting earnings per share of that of $3.51. Dave is going to walk you through our guidance in just a minute. And as the Utility business is giving us some strength and the confidence to give you the guidance, you'll see that we've achieved about half the earnings we anticipate here at halftime. Similarly, with cash flow, and I'll go into cash flow as we turn more deeply as we turn to Page 12. So you see, we generated in the first half just under $270 million of free cash flow, 66% increase over the comparable period last year. And despite having a lower contribution of income, because of the sales decline, we had a lower demand and requirement on working capital investments. So I think we managed quite well the inventory side. We recognized very early in March that we were headed to a volume decline quarter and that affected how we looked at raw material purchases. And so inventories were very well-managed in a source of cash in the quarter. Additionally, receivables, our collection experience has been quite positive. We think the industry is behaving quite responsibly, vendors are paying and customers are paying us. And so that's all managed to the point of allowing us to get to a point, as Dave highlighted, that's greater than half of our target of $0.5 billion of free cash flow for the year. And we typically have some seasonality in the fourth quarter that allows us to have a large collection. So we're feeling quite good about the cash flow. And the right side of the page and a look at liquidity helps describe why that's so important to us. So you see there. The cash build up to $485 million. You see our debt levels. We typically rely for our short-term and floating rate debt, we typically rely on the commercial paper market. That market for a moment dried up on us in the quarter. And so we relied on our banking relationships. We borrowed from our revolver, $100 million tranche and then a second of $125 million. I'm happy to say the CP market has come back in a very liquid and responsive way, and we have paid back the banks and are back to our more normal arrangement of funding ourselves in the short-term in the CP market. So we feel very comfortable with our credit stats. You'll see the net debt-to-capital improving in the first half of the year to 32%. Our debt-to-EBITDA on an adjusted debt basis - net debt basis being less than 2x. And so we feel like that's doing a good job of supporting our capital allocation ambitions, which is worth ticking through quickly. So on the dividend side, we continue to be focused on a payout ratio and that 40% to 50% of net income. So as we can grow our income, we'd like to keep growing dividends. On capital expenditure side, in the second quarter, with an abundance of caution, we tamped down our CapEx a little bit. But for the second half of the year, and you'll recall last year, we were at about $100 million of CapEx. So we think the second half will return to about a $50 million run rate. We're very happy with the projects and the returns that we get on those capital projects in terms of productivity. Share repurchasing, we still are authorized to be in the market and continually look to be opportunistic there. And on the acquisition side, we see the pipeline starting to fill up. So we're happy that the balance sheet is repaired itself. As we look back last year to the acquisitions we did, we invested about $70 million in three different deals. It's interesting to see those deals are performing and contributing more than the sales in OP than we originally estimated and modeled to justify their valuation. So they're performing very well through the pandemic and provides good underlying support for our acquisition thesis that there are opportunities out there to add to our brands, continue to invest the two most significant contributors from last year. One is on the power side and the other on the Burndy on the connectors and grounding side. So they're in markets that are doing well and performing well. So we're looking forward to - in the second half, getting a few typical Hubble-size acquisitions done. And with that, I'll turn it back to Dave to talk about outlook and guidance from here.
Dave Nord: All right. Great. Thanks, Bill. So turn to Page 13, and I'll give you just some of our insights to the extent or the way we're looking at some of our end markets. You start at the upper right on the pie there, the electrical transmission and distribution markets, certainly been resilient for T&D components. Particularly on the transmission side, has continued investment in renewable. Renewable generations, creating the need for transmission projects. But T&D is not immune to some macro near term, but all of the secular drivers around grid hardening, aging infrastructure certainly remain intact and support our continued multiyear runway for solid growth. Moving down to the Utility, comms and meters. Obviously, as Gerben talked about some headwinds near-term from restrictions on installations, which require our access to homes and buildings other than in emergency situations. Longer term, Utilities continue to demand smart grid technology that modernize the grid. So I think there's plenty of opportunity there. On the gas distribution side, gas utilities continue to replace their aging infrastructure, but replacing components in the system that carry gas from main to meter can be limited in some cases near-term because of that same access issue in homes and buildings. On the oil side, markets continue to be weak there with limited activity off an early low base. Obviously, that's a good margin business for us, but fortunately, it's a smaller proportion of our business. So I think we can navigate through that. The residential side, as Gerben mentioned, some bright spots in the second quarter. We've seen some very strong results on the housing front, and we've experienced some of that on the e-commerce and retail side. On the industrial, we continue to see weakness in the heavy with some pockets of resilience in the light industrial. Second half trends will obviously be dependent on timing and shape of the economic recovery. And of course, last is the nonresidential markets continue to follow broader economy on a lag. And while we've seen some projects get completed, some that were put on hold as things were shutdown, we're certainly cautious on the near-term outlook there, but the level of activity seems to be positive, okay? I mean what does all that mean? Well, let's turn to Page 14, and we can talk about our outlook and the framework. We reported our first quarter results in April. We withdrew our annual guidance. There was so much uncertainty around the COVID situation. But as we've navigated the second quarter with a strong execution and at least what now looks like, there'll be some stabilization in volumes even though they're down as well as some other supply chain dynamics. We thought it would be helpful to not only walk you through our framework for expectations, but how we're managing through this and also give you our best thinking on how that rolls up into an annual earnings per share range. So certainly, on the macroeconomic environment remains volatile. And these expectations come with the obvious caveats, which a higher level of uncertainty around them, but as of now, we see ourselves being able to deliver in the range of $7 to $7.25 EPS on an adjusted basis. We look - talked about the markets on the prior page, continue to expect pressure in Electrical end markets for the balance of the second half. We are seeing stabilization in orders with sequential improvement from May to June and into July. But certainly, no tangible signs that might support a V-shape recovery, but at least there's improvement. Orders so far in July are down about 15%, and our base case is that the balance of third quarter looks somewhat similar for what we've seen on the order front. Certainly, opportunity to - if things continue to improve, but we're going to plan conservatively right now. On the Utility Solutions side, we exited the second quarter with a strong backlog position in our Power Systems business. Continue to see the resilience in the T&D demand, particularly transmission. Gives us confidence that we can see some modest growth here in the third quarter. Aclara is a little more dependent on when some of their projects can get fully ramped back up. And we continue to see delays in certain projects, as we've talked about. These are moderating our base case assumes, we'll probably see low double-digit declines here in the third quarter. Overall, our third quarter base case is down about 10%. On the margin front, our facilities are all currently operational. We certainly have learned a lot and continue to navigate through pockets of challenge, whether it be an individual test positive that may require a 24-hour, a 72-hour or in worst case, 14-hour quarantine. And so there's pockets. We've been able to manage that into specific - for the most part, specific cells or departments. And so we've navigated it. But we continue to expect some productivity challenges as we manage through it. And we - but we expect the inefficiencies we experienced in the second quarter to improve in the second half. We certainly see sustainable savings from the restructuring actions we've taken. And expect the full year savings of $25 million, which is above the $20 million we were targeting as of last quarter as we've taken some additional actions in the second quarter. We also expect price cost to remain positive in the second half, although at a more modest level than the first half as we - we're going to lap some of our prior year price compares. The compensation reductions that Bill and Gerben referred to that we took in the second quarter, obviously, won't repeat in the second half. We've committed to take those off and get back to normal. We also expect some of the operating costs, which we think were at unnaturally low levels in the second quarter to return. However, we do have control over some of these costs, and we've taken some actions to appropriately manage based on our order patterns and volume level. The net of all these moving part is, we expect our decremental margins to tick back up into the 25% to 30% range in the second half, still below our gross margin levels. And on the cash front, we're actively managing our CapEx, but with a strong liquidity position, as Bill referred. Having seen the benefit of our recent investments in productivity, we continue to invest in things like automation within our factories to drive future productivity. In terms of working capital, continue to manage our inventories down prudently. Obviously, one of the things we've learned in the supply chain challenges is to make sure some of the critical components we might have to have some additional inventory, but we're contemplating that in our working capital management. So the net of all of that is, we expect free cash flow for 2020 to be at the $500 million or better than we generated in 2019. So all in all, I think we're all very pleased. I have to tell you that when you think about where we were 90 days ago, we were just heading into the storm. We had been through most of April, but the worst was yet to come as we found out in May. It's a daily challenge to slog your way through it. But I couldn't be more proud of how the organization, the leadership team, all the way down to the factory floor has really navigated that. And I think that's what gives us confidence that despite the volatile markets, we're going to find our way and fight our way through to perform at the levels and execute at the levels that we are expecting. So with that, let me turn it over to the operator, open it up to Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Jeffrey Sprague. Your line is open.
Jeffrey Sprague: First, just on the supply disruption on the top line, the 5 to 6 points, I'm sure, on the Electrical side, it was probably centered on lighting. But the question is really, would that have impacted both segments equally? So you lost 5 to 6 points on the top line in both?
Dave Nord: Yes. Roughly, it was made-to-order products inside of lighting, so it couldn't be serviced out of the inventory, Jeff. And for the for the power business, also made-to-order product. So - and affecting both segments, as you said.
Jeffrey Sprague: And just on the order front, do you see - I mean the orders still sound like you're somewhat suppressed, Bill, there's not a kind of a refill catch-up element or maybe there is, and it's just - there's other pressures that kind of mask that?
Bill Sperry: Yes. I think as Dave said, the shape that we've seen was in April that deteriorated in May and some improvement since then. So - and that's carried into July month-to-date, but it's obviously something we're watching closely daily. And - but that - where orders are now in July, it's really the basis for how we've guided the second half.
Jeffrey Sprague: And then for Gerben. Gerben, since you spearheaded this kind of reevaluation of the electrical structure and how the assets are performing, what do you think is the biggest opportunity? Is it just kind of a raw cost-out opportunity around inefficiencies? It does sound like you're suggesting there's some cross-sell that's been left on the table. And I guess, to make it a further multi-part question, was there kind of a further evaluation of how lighting fits in the puzzle as part of this exercise?
Gerben Bakker: Yes. So let me start with your first part, Jeff. The - I was indeed highly involved in this. And I would say the primary motivation for this actually wasn't cost, but more the efficiency of running this business and how we could better serve our customers, a, in just servicing them, which a lot of times, we would go to the same customer to different brands rather than taking a more holistic approach and go into the customer representing all of Hubbell. We see cross-selling, absolutely. And we saw some of these benefits already when we put in play, and we talked about this, our VP of Strategic accounts are our very largest accounts, we put people in place that represent all of Hubbell. But there's still a lot of customers beyond the 10 largest. And that's really where the opportunity lies. So our primary driver for this was really to service the customers and to drive incremental future growth. Of course, there is an efficiency related to this as well that we can benefit from. I would also say we're absolutely looking to reinvest part of those efficiency back in our business. And if you look what we're trying to achieve from a technology perspective and innovation perspective and what we want to accomplish with digital commerce going forward, those things are absolutely needed, but they also require investments in the business. So we see this as an opportunity to fund some of those efforts as well. And your second question was regarding lighting. We see for lighting absolute opportunity to fold in. With this Electrical segment as well, we see benefits. I mean if you just, again, look at - we sell lighting in two out of the three groups today. And certainly, I think lighting can help the others as well with those products. There's again common customers there. We're structuring this segment very similar to what we've done in the Power business, with market-focused or product-focused groups underneath so that you still have a level of intimacy with your customers because the one thing that I always feared when I ran the power business that as I got larger and larger, that would I eventually become slower and lose touch with our customers. And so there's a structure in place that - where we would retain pieces of the business. And I see lighting folding in under that. So we'd always look at our portfolios. I'd say our focus right now is to improve the performance of our lighting business.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Tusa of JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Steve Tusa: Can you just maybe talk about where you stand as we kind of turn the corner into next year, assuming some degree of recovery, what you have from a kind of temporary or structural cost perspective? And then is the cash this year? Would you plan to be able to grow that cash next year, that $500 million-plus base? Or is there kind of similar to this temporary cost dynamics, some temporary working capital benefits that kind of flip back the other way?
Dave Nord: Well, I would say, Steve, a couple of things. One, you're right, there are some temporary costs things that are contributing to this year. But as we've mentioned, as those - some have come back, the salary adjustments that we've specifically limited to the second quarter because of the severity of the second quarter. Those come back, but offsetting that with ongoing productivity, things that we have been focused on continually around our staffing levels, making sure that we're driving a level of productivity. I think some of that will be a function of how the markets recover and at what level. And we certainly don't have any visibility into next year, but one of the things we're prepared for is to continue to take whatever actions are necessary to rightsize our cost structure around that. So that's the cost side. And, Bill, maybe you want to comment on the cash side?
Bill Sperry: Yes, Steve, I think that you're right that as sales growth comes back, we're going to need to invest in inventory and receivables to support that. But I do think the restructuring work that we're doing and getting our footprint and square footage down is going to help us be better at inventory management and I still think there are opportunities for us to improve in days across our system. And as we benchmark ourselves, it appears evident that we do have opportunities. So I think you're right that there's naturally going to be a requirement to invest a little working capital in that growth, but we will work hard to offset that by being more efficient now in days.
Steve Tusa: Right. But I mean, that $500 million we should think about that as kind of a base?
Bill Sperry: Yes.
Steve Tusa: Performance, not like some onetime, like benefit - I do just want to kind of make sure that I understand kind of all the moving parts? I think that's all.
Bill Sperry: Yes. I think you understand it right. So we achieved that in '19. We'd do better than $500 million in '20. And I agree, there's some working capital tailwind in that. But we should be better than that still in '21. Absolutely, you're looking at '19 base - we're improving on that 2019 base. Yes.
Steve Tusa: Right. Makes that kind of sense. Good execution in - on the margin. Congrats.
Dave Nord:
Operator: Our next question comes from Deepa Raghavan of Wells Fargo Securities. Your line is open.
Deepa Raghavan: Dave, is your view of nonres slightly more optimistic in the context of what some of the peers have noted? You especially called out improvement in activity level. Can you please expand on that and perhaps even offer your views if you think nonres - your nonres business at least can grow next year or even bottom out next year? And I have a follow-up.
Dave Nord: Yes. Deepa, I'm not sure that you may interpret my tone versus the substance of what's underneath it. I don't - and some of it, and I've said internally, to our team, the one thing that's in this new environment is you declare victory when things are down 18% versus an expected 20%, like, wow, that's success. So improvement is relative. We still think that there is work to be done, particularly, as I said, some of the things that we've seen have been as a result of projects getting restarted or completed, not new projects, I think the question is going to be what happens. And I think we would all agree that the uncertainty is around new projects, what new projects might occur. The one area that I've talked to a couple of people on, particularly in the commercial space that's interesting, they refer to, they have a reference to what had been a vertical move has now become a horizontal move. Meaning, and others might describe it as the deurbanization of America with everybody moving out of the cities. You've seen that in residential real estate market. Well, if that's a long-term trend and it happens meaningfully, there needs to be some investment in those communities around nonresidential construction, whether it's retail, whether it's hospitals, that's still a big uncertainty to see how that dynamic plays out. But I don't know that I would say that I'm more optimistic than the market.
Deepa Raghavan: My follow-up is, as you've manage through COVID at Hubbell, did you end up finding that some of your businesses were more resilient than you might have thought and perhaps not so much? And if you can also talk to any - if you discovered any new areas of opportunity where you could consider organic or inorganic growth opportunities going forward? That will be helpful.
Dave Nord: Well, I'd have to say that all our businesses are resilient, at least our people addressing the - some of the really volatile markets, they've been very resilient. I don't know that there's any particular market or business that I would point to that has been surprisingly weak. At best, they've either been as expected or maybe slightly better. Other than some of the implications, as Gerben talked about, when you think about the Utility business and where it requires you to get into a home, that's not something that we can control, and that's something that's unique to this environment. So what's otherwise a resilient business deals with some other implication. I mean this terms of future growth opportunities, and I look to Bill or Gerben to comment on that because there's a lot of areas that I know they're working on.
Bill Sperry: I think, Deepa, we continue to see good opportunity in utility markets. We continue to think that, that infrastructure that requires upgrading and strengthening. We continue to believe that making the grid smarter is going to allow utilities to run those power grids more efficiently and more safely. I think the - so it's kind of reinforced this last 90 days, has reinforced the essential nature of what we do there. I also think that inside of buildings, you see different pockets, distribution or retail has been an interesting bright spot as people have been forced to live at home or be at home more frequently than they're used to. And so they're kind of investing in their homes. As Dave said, does that have a longer tail to it as people's behavior changes, I think, will be interesting? On the commercial side, data centers and the role of data and information are playing in all of our lives, we think is going to continue to drive opportunity for us to connect, and we continue to think that we have a unique positioning across the utility grids of electrical gas and water and how that crosses through the meter into buildings and how that gets used and so we feel really good about that. And I think some of the org design that Gerben is talking about is looking to take advantage of that unique positioning that we see.
Deepa Raghavan: One question for Gerben, if I may? Gerben, as you've been working through this reorganization, did you end up finding there were - if there were any businesses that did not fit with this overall Hubbell portfolio?
Gerben Bakker: I'd say the short answer to that is no. But that said, we absolutely have a focus in our business on evaluating our portfolio. One of the big things, and we've actually gotten great success out of that, is what we call it, our SKU rationalization or optimization evaluation. And what we literally do is we put it in 4 quadrants of how they contribute to growth and how they contribute to margin contribution. And then the focus is on those that don't contribute well to either, to either move them up or rationalize them out. So we've seen actually a trimming of our SKU portfolio. And we're doing that on a SKU on a product line and even at different level. So I'd say we'll continue to see that going forward. I do believe that these businesses and the key is that they have common customers that they have common markets. And if you look at the pie chart that we have, we have some diversification, but we're still pretty focused on a few attractive end-markets. So I'd say the short answer probably is no, but I would expect, as we have seen over the last couple of years, continued trimming where it doesn't make sense and additions as well. And that's the other thing I would say that in a market like this, and Bill talked about the second half perhaps seeing some more activity in deals, and I would say a lot of these deals, especially the size that fit Hubble, these $30 million to $50 million privately owned businesses, a lot of those owners through COVID are really reevaluating their continued interest to run those businesses and then we become more attractive as an acquirer for so. So I'd say that that's pretty active for us right now to add to the portfolio on the other side.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] There are no further questions, please continue.
Dan Innamorato: All right. If there are no other questions, that will conclude today's call. I'll be around all day for follow-ups, and thanks for joining us. Bye, everyone.
Dave Nord: Thank you very much.
Bill Sperry: Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-05-02 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to First Quarter 2020 Results Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Mr. Dan Innamorato. Sir, please go ahead.
Dan Innamorato: Thanks, operator. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. I'm joined today by our Chairman and CEO, Dave Nord; our President and Chief Operating Officer, Gerben Bakker; and our Executive Vice President and CFO, Bill Sperry. Hubbell announced its first quarter results for 2020 this morning. The press release and slides are posted to the Investors section of our website. Please note that our comments this morning may include statements related to the expected future results of our company and are forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Therefore, please note the discussion of forward-looking statements in our press release and considered incorporated by reference into this call. In addition, comments may also include non-GAAP financial measures. Those measures are reconciled to the comparable GAAP measures and are included in the press release and the slides. Now, let me turn the call over to Dave.
Dave Nord: Okay. Thanks, Dan. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. Lot going on. We appreciate everyone taking the time to join us today in the midst of all that's going on. Most importantly, we hope that you and your families are staying safe and healthy. So I'm going to start my comments on slide three with a brief summary of the quarter. You can see from our press release, it was another solid quarter of operating results and free cash flow generation for Hubbell. We met with you less than two months ago now. At our Investor Day, we laid out our investment thesis based on our operational transformation, our unique and differentiated utility solutions platform and importantly, our ability to generate and deploy free cash flow. A lot has obviously changed across the world and the economy over these two short months. But fundamentally, those pillars are still intact. They each drove performance in the first quarter, and we believe they will help sustain us through what we expect to be very challenging, certainly near term environment but importantly, allow us to emerge out of this period as a fundamentally stronger company. Before we get into the details of the quarter and our forward look, I want to provide you all with a comprehensive update on how we currently view the impact of COVID-19 pandemic, and importantly, our action plans and countermeasures. So if you turn to page four, we've tried to break out for you the major categories or ways in which the situation has impacted us as well as our strategic approach to each issue and the specific actions we're taking. Starting on the left, first and foremost, is the health and safety of our employees. Protecting our people and ensuring the health and safety of them and their families continues to be our number one priority during these difficult times. For our office workers, we've implemented mandatory work from home programs for all employees with the ability to do so. We're extremely proud of our employees who have proven to be very flexible and adaptable through this process, maintaining high levels of productivity while juggling other life priorities. In our factories, importantly unfortunately, we don't always have the same levels of flexibility as we manufacture essential products, which are necessary for the safety and reliability of critical infrastructure. Now continuing to provide our customers with these critical products is more important now than ever and underscores Hubbell's value to our customers and communities. However, we need to ensure that we continue to manufacture these products in a way that minimizes risk to our manufacturing employees. And as such, we implemented a series of safety protocols in our plants and warehouses to enhance cleaning and sanitizing processes, staggering our shifts, introducing social distancing measures. We can't emphasize enough how proud we are of our manufacturing workers for the way they've responded to these challenges and continue to come in to work every day to produce these essential products. To that end, we're providing our hourly employees with additional appreciation pay for the second quarter. Second is the impact on our customers, and we're focused on continuing to serve our customers with the same level of quality and service they've come to expect over decades from Hubbell. However, this pandemic does create some disruptions in our ability to do so as we saw several temporary facility closures in the first quarter and expect to see continuing impacts going forward. It's been a challenging area for us to navigate as there are often different local orders or site-specific challenges to work our way through.  While we've had a thorough review process for any site closures and continue to develop contingency plans that optimize our production capacity across Hubbell under a wide range of scenarios. And certainly, we anticipate the economic impacts of this pandemic will have a significant impact on our end markets. And we'll talk you through that a bit later. Now aside from the facility impacts, we also see operational challenges from the lower productivity and absorption headwinds from what we anticipate will be significantly lower volumes running through our factories, at least in the second quarter. To that end, we've announced some specific actions around compensation to help offset, including significant reductions across our Board, our executive team and our salaried workforce. We're aggressively cutting discretionary spending across the enterprise.  And at this stage, while it's difficult to accurately forecast the magnitude and duration of the downturn in our end markets, we do think the second quarter will be the worst and so we think these actions will allow us to mitigate some of that near-term downside, while maintaining our flexibility long-term when markets start to recover. We'll continue to evaluate our cost structure to determine what actions we may need to take in the future. Finally, in times like these, cash and liquidity are paramount. As you know, and as Bill will walk you through later, free cash flow performance has been a highlight of Hubbell's performance recently, and this cash generation capability puts us in a strong liquidity position. We've also taken various cash preservation actions, including cutting discretionary CapEx and significantly reducing our raw material spend in anticipation of lower volumes. We also made the decision with an abundance of caution to draw down $225 million from our revolving credit facilities as a proactive measure to further boost our liquidity position. While the impact of this pandemic is significant, I'm confident the strength of Hubbell's people, products and brands, along with the aggressive actions we are taking to preserve long-term value will continue to position us for success well into the future. I'll turn to Slide 5, give you some of the financial highlights from the quarter. First, flat sales in the quarter growth with continued strength in Utility Solutions, offsetting softness in Electrical. Relative to our prior expectations, Electrical and Aclara were about in line, while Power Systems achieved stronger growth. We talked to you at Investor Day about our bolt-on acquisition playbook and the two acquisitions we announced last quarter in our Power Systems and Burndy businesses, are great examples of that. They're performing well and fully offsetting the impact of our Haefely divestiture on a sales basis. Operating margins were down slightly, considering some of the headwinds that we've seen, but very pleased with that. Seeing strong returns on our investment and footprint optimization, which is generating attractive savings. We continue to achieve positive price/cost as we start to lap prior year cost comparisons but are realizing benefits from a lower commodity cost. These positives offset a couple of headwinds, which each cost us about $0.10 of earnings in the quarter. The first being the dynamic we walked you through last quarter on our previously planned timing of long-term incentive compensation grants, which were shifted from the fourth quarter of last year to first quarter of this year. And then we also had some headwinds from some of the operational disruptions related to COVID-19. And we'll give you some more color on that when Gerben provides more color on the segments. Below the line, we picked up a few pennies from interest and other expense as expected.  And finally, another quarter of really strong free cash flow generation as we continue to execute on our working capital initiatives. Bill will walk you through our liquidity position in more detail later, but obviously, an encouraging 1Q result, which supports our liquidity position heading into a period of significant uncertainty. If you turn to slide six, here you see some of that information in graph format. We're happy that even with flat sales, as I mentioned, our headwinds we faced we're able to keep our operating profit flat, grow EPS modestly and grow our free cash flow significantly. With that, I'll turn it over to Gerben to walk you through the results of our two operating segments. And then Bill can walk you through our outlook considerations and framework. Gerben?
Gerben Bakker : Good. Thank you, Dave, and good morning, everyone. Turning to Page seven and the Electrical segment first quarter result. We see that the end markets continue to be soft in the quarter, with organic down 3% and the net impact of M&A subtracting another point as our recent acquisition of Connector Products was more than offset by the divestiture of our Haefely high-voltage test business, which you recall we sold last August.  C&I Lighting and heavy industrial remained weak as both declined double digits and this is really a continuation of what we saw and communicated last quarter. This was partially offset, however, by pockets of strength in our residential and light industrial verticals, particularly data centers and renewable markets in our connectors and grounding business. Margins were down 120 basis points compared to last year. And as Dave mentioned earlier, we absorbed the impact of a shift in timing of our long-term incentive compensation grant, which cost us $0.10 in the quarter split across both segments. We also faced headwinds in the quarter from operational disruptions related to COVID-19 with temporary closures of several manufacturing facilities. And to provide you some further insight there, most of our closures were as a result of regulatory mandates and were temporary in nature, with about 2/3 of IT international. Our largest manufacturing base, which is in the U.S., has seen more minor operational disruptions mostly related to proactive pauses for suspected or confirmed COVID cases and generally higher absenteeism that we have seen in our factories. While we've been able to continue to serve our customers' need during these times, these disruptions cost us $0.10 in the quarter across Hubbell, and the majority of that impact was in our Electrical segment in the first quarter. Offsetting these headwinds was continued tailwind from price cost particularly from lower commodity cost as we started to see a lap of the impact of price from prior year increases. We also saw the benefits of the investment we've been making in footprint optimization with nice savings coming through in the quarter. Later in the presentation, we will walk you through how we are managing our decremental margins in the 30% range through this challenging environment. And you can see evidence of that here. When you back out the onetime impact of our LTI timing, we're able to manage to be lower 30% decremental in the first quarter. We certainly anticipate continued COVID-19 related challenges in the second quarter, but we're also implementing accelerated cost actions to mitigate this, as Dave highlighted with some examples earlier. Turning to page eight. You see that we had another strong quarter of performance in our Utility Solutions segment, with organic growth up 5% and the recent acquisition of Cantega contributing another 1.5%. Our Power Systems business posted another strong quarter of growth, up double digits as our utility customers continue to invest to upgrade and modernize an aging grid. We are very well positioned for the long-term here with a differentiated portfolio that is capitalizing on strong markets with unique solutions that our customers value. Our Aclara business was down mid-single digits as expected in the quarter as we lapped the difficult prior year comparison. You recall the 20% growth last quarter. We also saw disruptions in the quarter as a large smart meter installation deployment was temporarily paused due to COVID-19. While our customers remain eager to upgrade their grid infrastructure with Aclara Technologies, the nature of our installation business, which often requires us to have first in person access to home and buildings makes executing on these projects more challenging during this pandemic. So we expect to see some project delays on certain of these deployments going into the second quarter. Margins were up 110 basis points, and operating profit was up mid-teens in the quarter driven primarily by the strong volumes and continued favorability on price cost. We also benefited from some favorable mix in the quarter, given that our Power Systems business is higher-margin than Aclara and realized stronger growth. In the second quarter, we expect to face some temporary capacity challenges as we continue to manage through the COVID-19 impact, but overall, another very strong quarter for our Utility business. At our Investor Day in March, we highlighted how this business offers a unique and differentiated set of products offering and solution in attractive market space, and the results here continue to prove that out. So let me now turn it over to Bill.
Bill Sperry: Thanks, Gerb. Good morning, everybody. I hope you're being safe and well. page nine, we're talking about cash flow. Dave highlighted in his remarks, you all remember over the last couple of years, the high degree of focus we've been placing on cash flow. We had set the $0.5 billion target that we reached a year early. And so it's gratifying in 2020, during the first quarter to get off to a very good start. You can see an increase of 65% to $91 million in free cash flow. The drivers of the improvement in performance start with income but got important contributions from working capital management, most notably with inventories. Also CapEx later than last year as we're preserving cash. And notably, net income is burdened by some noncash charges, including the stock-based comp that Dave mentioned that was put in the first quarter of this year, not in last year. So very strong cash flow, a topic that we're managing on a daily basis with tools and working capital management. But the good cash flow really helps drive a strong liquidity position, which you see on the right-hand of the page. We finished the quarter with $300 million of cash. We typically rely for our short-term fixed rate -- sorry, floating rate debt on commercial paper markets to fund ourselves.  During this quarter, we essentially switched our reliance on that market and went to our revolver instead where we've got a really strong bank group, very supportive bank group. And we tapped our $750 million revolver for $225 million, which leaves us $525 million available to complement the $300 million of cash. I think interestingly, of note, the CP market is improving. We have access to it. We've been able to tap it. And we anticipate reverting back to that market and paying off the revolver and leaving that fully loaded at $750 million. I also wanted to comment on the long-term debt portion of the capital structure from our bonds. Next maturity is 2022. So really nothing urgent about that in terms of refinancings although it is interesting to note that the bond market has been quite supportive of industrial issuers with attractive -- quite attractive rates. So ultimately, this cash flow and our liquidity position drives and informs our capital allocation strategy. And then let me just run through those capital allocation priorities.  A lot of you will have noticed, last week, we announced the maintenance of our dividend for the second quarter of 2020. On the CapEx front, we're anticipating a 20% reduction this year. We started that already in the first quarter, very similar to how we approached 2009, focusing only on really mandatory CapEx. Those marginal projects that won't get done still have a nice IRR, so we want to get to them. We'll just make sure liquidity is in good shape before we do. On the share repurchase front, we would typically buy $40 million of shares, and we would typically -- and that would be to offset dilution. We typically would spread that over four quarters, and we effectively did all of that in the first quarter given the attractive prices to buy stock in. So we've got that effectively done in Q1. And that leaves acquisitions as the fourth lever within capital allocation. And it's worth noting Gerben talked about Cantega, and he talked about -- reminded everybody that we sold the high-voltage business. So there was some good portfolio management that you saw acting in the quarter where the low growth, low margin, high-voltage business was -- had sold off.  We took those proceeds that allowed us to buy connectors business in the Electrical segment and Cantega that Gerben referred to, a fireproof components business for the Power Utility segment. So, we added high-growth and high margin. That was positive changes to the portfolio that we saw in the quarter. As far as new investments, we did have a couple that I might have expected, a couple of acquisition candidates that we may have been closing on in the near-term that through COVID, I think, get pushed out. And at the same time and I think it's a little bit difficult to get buyers and sellers to see eye to eye on value right now. But as we did in '09, at the time of some distress by many, we were able to buy Burndy, which was at that time in '09, Hubbell's largest investment. And so we also think that in the coming months and quarters, there'll be other attractive opportunities for us as well. So, it's important to us to have this balance sheet in great shape to be able to be an active investor.  So, on page 10, I'm going to shift to our outlook. And you all saw our press release earlier this month, which suspended guidance. So, we're going to conduct this in a slightly different way, which is really give you how we're looking at things in the future in three different buckets. First is demand, second is supply, and then the third, we'll give you the analytic framework that we're using as to how we think our financial performance will proceed during the course of the year.  So, on page 11, we've got the end market demand picture laid out. And we'll really start with electrical T&D during the first quarter, but also through March, double-digit order and demand growth. So, very healthy, not different than the '09 experience, where the utilities really kept buying for a couple of quarters after much of the shock that was experienced in September of '08. As Gerben was commenting on the Aclara side and the meter smart meters and AMI infrastructure, difficult to get deployments when you need access to a residence or a building. And so even though there's demand there, difficult to get the products installed and that impairs growth. On the nonres side, really seeing in the order of magnitude in April, orders down 20%. And on the industrial side, also seeing orders down in the magnitude of 20%. There's some bright spots in data centers and elsewhere. But broadly speaking, we're seeing slowdown there. Resi, which had a good first quarter. We saw inflect downward now in orders in April, and that also in the down 20% range. And the energy businesses, which are coming off of low basis here, but also seeing declines. And so the net result of how we're seeing the markets through April demand and buttressed as well by third-party analysis, but more importantly, by customer input and during this COVID, we're only spending a lot of time with our customers. Not face-to-face, but a lot more time with them over the phone and in teleconference, and we think we've this outlook and what we're seeing is aligned with what they're seeing. And so you got a net-net bifurcated demand picture where the Electrical T&D part of Utility has double-digit growth. Electrical, much more in the down 20% range. It's also worth noting, I think, that this inflection was dramatic as we transitioned from March to April and has been for such a dramatic inflection, it's been pretty stable at that 20% level. So we haven't seen a dramatic amount of variation, and that feels really for us like the bottom of that U that we now are experiencing. So the second part of our outlook after demand is what's happening on the supply side. You heard from Dave that we had some facility disruptions in the first quarter, a little bit in China, a little bit in Puerto Rico, a little bit in the U.K., that all ended up costing us about $0.10 of impact, both the volume and cost, but those facilities that were disrupted are largely back up and running strong. I would say that most of our facilities in general being evaluated by local authorities have been deemed to be essential. And so the exceptions are where something happens. And most recently now, just over the last week, we have seen in Mexico along border towns, the Department of Labor there making recommendations to close capacity. We've complied there. We serve both segments out of Mexico. I think the area where we see the most potential impact is on the Power Systems side. But there's already signs of progress with the authorities, and we've got ability to mitigate some of that disruption. So just more to manage through. And on the cost side, you certainly lose absorption as the volume gets disrupted, but you also have inefficiencies with shift changes and training and extra expenses, one should opening and closing facilities. So on page 12, we sort of net out to our framework of the demand and supply. So the second quarter, we're assuming Electrical continues at this down 20% pace. For Utility, we think Power, we are expecting to decline in the low single digits with some of the capacity constraints, Aclara in more like double-digit declines as they can't get the deployments out. So Utility, much better off than Electrical. On the margin side, we're able to take pretty good cost action to offset some of the manufacturing output headwinds that come naturally with lower volumes. Most importantly, on the people cost side, you heard the salary actions from our every from our Board, our senior executives and our salaried workforce given us about $20 million of savings. Some of the restructuring work that we had implemented last year, given us $5 million of savings in the second quarter. We're going to have positive price/cost. And so the margin result of that, we're going to manage to a 30% decremental margin with all of those cost actions. And as we think about the balance of the year, the second half of the year, we think a lot of those cost actions can be repeated, and we can continue to offset any headwinds. So should those volumes persist, we'd be able to continue to manage to a 30% decremental, but we're also, with these actions poised as spending returns, to be able to get our fair share of the volume.  And on the cash side, we'll continue to manage, and we talked about cash flow before to a -- with CapEx reductions and tight monitoring of working capital. And as Dave said, making sure to curtail purchasing of incoming materials. So that's the way we've framed up our financial performance for the balance of the year in the absence of formal EPS guidance. And with that, I would turn things back to Dave. Dave, you're on mute. Just...
Dave Nord: Got it. Sorry. Let me just wrap up here with some thoughts on why we have the confidence in getting through this successfully. We refer to it as a recession playbook, but it's probably broader than that. It's managing through uncertainty. But I think there's three key issues here that I would talk to. One is the less cyclical nature of our Power business. We are selling critical components to utilities. Back in the '08, '09 recession, this business took longer to experience weakness and spent a shorter period of time at the trough relative to the shorter-cycle Electrical business.  From a market perspective, we think we're certainly in a similar position currently with the visibility to continue strong customer demand in the utility space. Based on the ongoing recognition among our Utility customers of the need to upgrade the grid, although capacity challenges for us are something that we will work through. The second is our margins that historically tended to correlate with price/cost performance given our significant raw material buy. And recessionary environments tend to lead the deflation in the commodities. In the '08, '09 period, we're able to hold margins relatively steady while absorbing significant volume declines due to the big drop-off in commodity prices. Currently, we see some potential for commodity tailwind, but not at this point at the level seen back then. So that's something we're monitoring closely. But we also have other margin drivers within our control, particularly around our footprint optimization savings and our discretionary cost actions. Finally, our free cash flow performance tend to significantly outperform net income as we aggressively manage inventories and CapEx. We note that during the last recession, our strong liquidity supported the acquisition of Burndy, which those of you who were here know that, that was completed at the depth of the recession and was at that time, at $360 million, the largest acquisition in our history. It also turned out to be one of the most successful in our history. So, we feel well positioned currently under a wide range of scenarios. And while we're certainly not contemplating anything of that magnitude near-term, we think we can manage through this period successfully and eventually take advantage of some of the opportunities that may emerge down the line. At the end of the day, what has gotten us to where we are even in the early stages of navigating through this is the experienced team. Most of our senior team and even levels down, have been through this before. While this has got some differences, some of the issues are the same. Some of the key issues are being conservative in your outlook and getting ahead of the actions necessary. That's why even in the first quarter, that was really pretty much humming along for most of the first quarter. Having to be able to say, we think the second quarter is going to be down, and we need to take the actions and plan for those actions and put those in place to start the second quarter was not necessarily an easy message to deliver to the organization when they were cranking to get stuff out the door. But that's the kind of stuff that we have to do. That's the kind of stuff that we have done. We've learned from history. And that's the stuff that we're going to continue to do. So I'm very confident that this team is going to execute successfully through this period. So, with that, let me open it up to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Jeff Sprague of Vertical Horizon or Vertical Research, rather. Your line is open.
Jeff Sprague: Just a couple from me. First, on the utility side, not surprised, but, of course, pleased to see that hanging in. Although we are hearing some rumblings of pressure on rate cases and the like in the Utility sector. Regulators, obviously, sensitive to people's electricity bills in a time of recession. Are you seeing or feeling that in any way in your business? And you did mention kind of a natural lag anyhow. So obviously, the business will slow down. But just how do you see that kind of playing out over the balance of the year?
Gerben Bakker: Thanks, Jeff. This is Gerb, and I hope you're doing well. Just a couple of comments on the utility side of the business and starting with what we've talked about, which is the need to invest in this critical infrastructure and in this aged infrastructure. So, there's still an underlying need to invest here. And that certainly is imbalance or in the reality of rate cases, I think, to a certain extent, utility companies are seeing their demand down as well. So, they too are challenged during this time like many others. We haven't seen it in our business. Our order rates have continued to hold up nicely in the first quarter and have continued in the first quarter. And have continued here in April with a double-digit growth. So, we haven't seen it. It tends to lag for us. So, certainly, as we look later into the year, we do expect and plan for that to decline a little bit. But what we've also seen in past downturns is that there may be stimulus to continue to invest in this infrastructure. Particularly, we saw that, and we expect to perhaps see that again on the renewable side. And as you know, when there's investment there, we benefit there well with our whole transmission portfolio. And we see strength there as well right now. So we're optimistic about this long term, certainly. We do expect on the second half of this year, a slowdown from what we're currently seeing. But as Dave said, it's one that will probably go through this period better than our Electrical segment.
Jeff Sprague: Yes, makes sense. And then kind of unrelated, but your revenue declines seem pretty much in line with what the market is doing. In other words, it doesn't appear that you're subject to or experiencing any significant inventory liquidations in the channel. Perhaps I'm wrong on that. But what are you seeing in the channel? Is there kind of a liquidation hit that you're feeling here in April? And do you see that kind of stabilizing as you move forward a little bit further?
Bill Sperry: Yes. Jeff, as we're looking at the point-of-sale data and talking to our customers, it feels like they have been during the very late part of March and April, managing to a couple of months' worth of inventory. And so I think that does feel in line rather than we're subject to some big swing coming up either way.
Jeff Sprague: Great, thanks.
Bill Sperry: Okay.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Tusa from JP Morgan. Your line is open.
Steve Tusa: Hey guys, good morning.
Bill Sperry: Good morning.
Steve Tusa: Thanks for all the detail on the outlook. It's very helpful. Some companies aren't giving a lot. You guys are, I think, doing a good job there. So I appreciate that. On the free cash, looking back at '08, '09, I mean, you guys generated just on the cash flow statement, something in the range of like 5% to 6% of sales and kind of working capital benefits, something in that range, I think, depending on how you define working capital. Is this different than that? Or you feel like you can kind of really press hard on that and then generate that type of benefit?
Bill Sperry: Yes, there is two elements, Steve. I think as we looked at our conversion on net income, it got very high in '09 compared to historic levels. There were a couple of important drivers to that. And one of which was the fact that price/cost was quite favorable. So that was being supportive. But as you point out, there was a quick reaction on the part of the buying side and of the operational planning to not buy raw materials that you don't need and don't turn raw into whip or whip into finished goods that you don't need. And as Dave made reference to, we do think that's the same this time. And it was hard as Gerb and I sat down with the operating teams and say stop buying when they saw order rates still growing. But we stepped on that right away. And I think that element, Steve, is the same. But it's an important part of how we manage cash flow. I think the other part was we didn't experience in '09, any deterioration of the receivable quality that was extraordinary or material. And thus far, through April, that's proceeding similar, but that also was important to buttressing that cash flow profile was as a customer base that paid its bills.
Charles Tusa: So do you think that there is a -- I mean, is there any chance that with these CapEx cuts and with kind of working capital benefits that you could hold cash flat year-over-year this year?
Bill Sperry: Yes. I would say that would be a good target, Steve, right, is to try to have the volume and income offset be backfilled through working capital management.
Charles Tusa: Got it. Now we came back into a net income number. No, I'm just kidding. And then just always trying to get guidance. It's -- totally kidding. Just on the side of nonresi, what are you kind of seeing there? And it -- I assume that will be kind of a delayed impact a bit in that market?
Bill Sperry: Yes. I think there are delays. When we look at nonres, for us, it's about half Lighting and about half other commercial products within Electrical. And the Lighting has been a little bit unique and disconnected for a while now, Steve, where we saw order declines in the first -- or sales declines, rather, in the first quarter for Lighting at down high single digits. That's really been driven by their national accounts and the fall off and sort of nice to have reno projects as opposed to must have.  And so while the other side, during the first quarter was growing a bit, Lighting was down. And so that piece, we think, continues down. But I think nonres, that other half of commercial, we saw orders inflect already in April there. So I think it's reacting reasonably in time, and it was a pretty sharp difference between orders in March and orders in April.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Nigel Coe from Wolfe Research.
Nigel Coe: So -- well, obviously, great color. There's not a whole lot to really kind of miss from the information here. But in terms of, obviously, the second half, and I mean, who knows how it's going to -- whether it's a V, U or maybe an L perhaps. But what are the breakpoints on sales such that you continue with the temporary cost actions and you get to a level where you may be moderate those actions? And at what point do you then decide to maybe take the opposite action and make these costs a bit more structural in nature? So just wondering what sort of boundaries you're working with in the second half of the year on the cost side?
Dave Nord: Nigel, that's a good question. That's probably one of the biggest challenges that we have going forward. As I said, one of the things that we were pretty certain of coming out of the first quarter was that the second quarter was going to have a dramatic fall off, which we sized at around the 20%, there were a lot of forecasts out there.  And so we took the action, but it was unclear what the -- how this was going to play out. There's always a view that it would have some short-term dynamics to it. And so and importantly, the question is, when the market comes back, you need to be prepared to support that market because a big part of our value proposition is that service component and delivery and reliability. So, we want to make sure that we maintain the workforce that we have. As we get into the second quarter and when we start to see more visibility to the back half of the year, we might have to make some more actions particularly depending on how long we see it happening. I would say we would typically do it in 5% increments, right? So, if we see that the market's going to be down for an extended period of time, that would require us to reduce our cost by 5%, we would do that. So, I think that's the trigger points that we would be working off.
Nigel Coe: Okay. No, that's great color, David. And then moving to the Mexico supply chain issue. I mean, we've been hearing about some mandates that have impacted some other companies. Can you just remind us how much manufacturing do you company have down in Mexico? And then on a different point, we've seen a big depreciation in the peso. Does that help you in any sense in terms of second half in terms of the cost base down in Mexico?
Gerben Bakker: Yes, Nigel, let me give you some perspective on we have four manufacturing locations in Mexico. At this point, two of those are continuing to operate. Those are more in the interior of the country. Those are also smaller sites compared to the other. And then we have two larger sites along the border towns, the maquiladoras that have been temporarily idled because of the local Department of Labor guidance. I can tell you, we're already in discussions with the authorities to on discussions on when and how to at least partially restart these operations because it's obvious, and we've provided the proof and the evidence that these are plants that are serving essential infrastructure. So, as Bill stated, we do expect this to be more temporary in nature. It, in total, affects more of our Power business. And it's a little over 1/4 of their production output. So, it's obviously important that we manage through it. We do have inventory finished goods inventory. So, that buys us some time to work through it. And we're also, as we speak, taking the actions to partially mitigate this. We have certainly facilities in the U.S., a facility in China, where we can redirect a portion of this work. But it's certainly fluid, where it's one of our highest focus there is right now, as you can imagine, because the demand in the Utility business is holding up quite nicely to solve this. And we're also already working with local authorities to look for ways to restart this operation. So, we expect it to be more in the shorter-term by which we can solve this.
Dave Nord: Yes. And I think, Nigel, this is in that same category. We've seen this before over the last month, we've run into this in a number of places. Probably the extreme was in Puerto Rico, where it was pretty much a full shutdown. And it has taken time to get everyone comfortable with how we're operating, what's important. And so that was some of the drag that we saw in the first quarter. And I think if you keep in mind that Mexico, I think, is a little bit behind and how you're starting to see the impacts. So I think there's a little bit of a similar reaction to a conservative approach, but the conversations that are going on right now are recognizing that we've got the experience. We've been through this. I think that there's some indications that they were looking for indications that the U.S., they weren't going to open until the U.S. opens. So I think the fact that we have plans in states that are starting to implement reopening plans. We understand that that's been viewed positively. So we think this is a will be a relatively short-term issue, but there's always disruption that comes from it.
Nigel Coe: Okay. I'll leave it there. That's great detail. But if you have any comments on potential peso tailwinds, that would be helpful.
Bill Sperry: Yes. For us, Nigel, the FX impacts are just not very material.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Deepa Raghavan from Wells Fargo, your line is open.
Deepa Raghavan: Hey, good morning.
Gerben Bakker: Hey.
Deepa Raghavan: If the economy opens up near time here, like it's planned, are there any businesses we can expect that could come back to growth by end of the year like Aclara, perhaps one flight access is granted, can that come back to growth? And the flip side of the question, I guess, is should are there any lost sales that may not come back in any of your businesses? And can you give us examples of those?
Gerben Bakker: Yes, Deepa. Certainly, the portion of the Aclara business that's related to project delays, as we talked about, that are difficult to do. We would expect those to come back because these are projects that are not canceled, but more pushed to the right. So we would expect a partial recovery. Now of course though, it's hard to make up for lost ground because we have limited amount of crews and resources and so do utility companies. So certainly sequentially, I would expect that to improve as those crews get back to work. And there, it's not just the impact of the installation work, but the related products that we sell that go along with that, obviously, where we've seen some effect on the short term. Related to your second question of sales that will not come back. I think, so far, we've managed through this well. If you look at our earlier disruptions when they started three months ago or so in China, that was certainly a pretty significant disruption with plant closures. We were able to manage through that very well with the inventories we had. And in that case, we actually did not see any permanent loss. So I think that's generally probably a good example of how we're able to manage through it all. Will there be a case where we can't provide a certain SKU where somebody needed needs it immediately and they have options, sure, sure it will. But I wouldn't expect a broad loss of business because there's a lot of market competitors and peers that are exactly in the same situation, of course.
Deepa Raghavan: Got it. My follow-up is on Power Systems, double-digit growth. Was there any accelerated backlog conversion that happened in the quarter? Or should we think about backlog being pretty steady at this point in time? So we should see some continued growth for rest of the year in that business?
Gerben Bakker: Yes. Actually, during the first quarter, we built backlog. So the orders were slightly stronger than our shipments. As I stated before, we saw that continuing in April here with the orders continuing strong. We do expect, as we talk, that in prior cycles like this, we've seen a slight delay of a couple of quarters. So we do expect that to come down. So I think we will probably get to certainly, the second half, where we'll be working off some backlog. But so far, we've actually seen the opposite.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert McCarthy from Stephens.
Robert McCarthy: Looks like we've had a lot of really good questions. Let me try to break the rhythm then or break the stretch. I guess the first is following up on some of the questions that I think Deepa and Nigel talked about. I think what's implicit in withdrawing guidance is that you just don't have a lot of visibility overall.  But given the nature of your businesses that they're more, I suppose, I would think, more mid to long cycle and short cycle or at least not extremely short cycle, that you could credibly think that this run rate we're looking at for 2Q could extend for quite some time for this year. In other words, the year could be short from that perspective. Is that the right way to think about it? And as part of that, do you think you'll be able to give us a sense of annual guide when you report second quarter earnings? In other words, are you going to have enough information then to provide some kind of algorithm or range?
Bill Sperry: Yes. I think, Rob, the first thing I would say is I actually would characterize us as primarily short cycle. So as really a book and bill type business, I think Aclara is a good exception where they would be -- have pretty long pipeline and be fulfilling off of orders taken for a while. But outside of that, there's generally pretty short cycle. So that's the first point. I think the second point is, I think we've got the visibility to the second quarter that's reasonably credible based on April orders, based on customer feedback. And so I think that has -- we do have some insight. I think as you start talking about the second half, I do think it becomes harder for us. And if you ask me, is it possible that those volumes continue into the third? I think it is possible. I was happy that our observation in April is reasonably stable through the weeks of April.  So we didn't see any kind of any deceleration of any kind. So if you like shapes of letters, I would just argue, we think we're at the bottom part of that U right now, and it's just hard for us to give you insight as to when the uptick happens, although when the uptick does happen, I think we'll be well positioned with book and bill to get our fair share of that. But hard to comment on how long that could bleed into the third quarter or what the implications are for the fourth.
Robert McCarthy: The second question is around capital allocation. I think if memory serves, amplified by Google, you bought Burndy July 2009. It was the announcement, I think you closed in October, which was a very interesting time to buy companies and kind of a very difficult time, but with the benefit of hindsight, a great acquisition for you, great return on investment, good opportunity. I remember a senior CEO or excuse me, a CEO at a very high-profile company in our space snorkeling described you guys as a bellwether for acquisitions. And right now, he's sitting on shop visits down about 60% craft engines, but I digress. From that standpoint, are there opportunities that you see out there that you can become more the hunter versus the hunted in this environment? And maybe go after some pretty interesting properties right now, how would you think about the acquisition environment because you did show, as an experienced management team, as David alluded to, pretty nice strategic vision and particularly that sizable acquisition?
Dave Nord: Yes, Rob, you're right. And I'm glad you're absolutely right on the timing of that. You had your dates right. And I think that's one that wasn't everyone wasn't totally comfortable at that time. And I would expect the same thing. I think my friend, Bill Sperry, would be a little bit more of more reservation as he's focusing on our liquidity position. But I think the operating guys and certainly, Gerben would be in that position as well to be looking opportunistically. And you can be sure that our guys are having contacts on some properties that they have been looking at for some time, and that's a little bit how the Burndy came along. If you recall, that was something that we had been approaching many times and we're able to take advantage of an owner who had some distress in another part of their business, and it became an opportune time to free that property. So there's no guarantees, but we certainly are looking at those kind of things. So OK?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Christopher Glynn from Oppenheimer. Your line is open.
Christopher Glynn: Yes, thanks. Good morning. On the orders, transit power persisting in April versus kind of a low single-digit 2Q outlook. Are you making a call on demand coming off as the quarter goes on? Or are you factoring in the divergence driven by your supply issues that can't meet demand?
Bill Sperry: Yes. The latter, Chris, right? We think demand persists and that we'll be satisfying that demand with some disruption. And so some of that demand will be satisfying ultimately in the third quarter. But so second quarter is informed by the supply side more.
Christopher Glynn: Okay. And then with the kind of partial shutdowns, rolling shutdown dynamics in the general industrial supply base, do you think current orders are reflecting just some urgency and a desire to get some safety stock in their warehouses?
Bill Sperry: Yes, you're talking about Utilities specifically there or just.
Christopher Glynn : Yes. Yes, those order rates benefiting from the odd dynamic.
Bill Sperry: We think there is a little bit of pre-buying going on for sure. And as Gerben was saying, the demand is being driven by real fundamentals, but we do think there's been a few points there of pre-buy that's embedded in that. So I do agree with that.
Christopher Glynn : Okay. And last one from me. Power Systems legacy did double digits quarter on a 9% comp. Historically, either one of those would have been all but unthinkable. Now you have this kind of compound effect, I wanted to just revisit the grid quality urgency. It seems to blow through anything that's transpired in the way you serve that market in 15, 20 years, anyway, the extent of my memory. So is California coming on very strong? They had their kind of disruptive event with the fires in the utility behavior. Or is the grid just faltering that much more over time?
Bill Sperry: Well, I think, first of all, Chris, I agree with your take that it's historically been very much a GDP business in low single digits. Pretty steady down there because it's driven by MRO, but nonetheless, a GDP business. And the compounding effect is different. I know we've been talking about for years, the need for the grid to be upgraded. So I think that's a major contributor. I do think weather has been a contributor, whether you've been vulnerable to storms, which could either be hurricanes, if you're in the southeast or ice storms, if you're up north as well as environmental effects on the West Coast to fires. I think it's made everybody appreciate that having an updated, modernized, hardened grid is essential to the operation of a reliable, cheap power for everybody. And so I think those factors really have all come together, Chris.
Christopher Glynn : Okay. So no particular region, it's spread systemic?
Bill Sperry: Yes.
Christopher Glynn : Thank you both.
Operator: Speakers, there are no more questions on the queue. You may continue.
Dave Nord: All right. That concludes our call for today. I'll be around all day for follow-ups. Thanks, everyone.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you all for joining. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q4  (2020-02-04 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the fourth quarter 2019 results Conference call. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to hand the conference over to your host, Mr. Dan Innamorato. Please go ahead, sir.
Daniel Innamorato: Thanks, operator. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. I'm joined today by our Chairman and CEO, Dave Nord; and our Executive Vice President and CFO, Bill Sperry. Hubbell announced its fourth quarter results for 2019 this morning. The press release and slides are posted to the Investors section of our website at www.hubbell.com. Please note that our comments this morning may include statements related to the expected future results of our company and are forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Therefore, please note the discussion of forward-looking statements in our press release and consider it incorporated by reference into this call. In addition, comments may also include non-GAAP financial measures. Those measures are reconciled to the comparable GAAP measures and are included in the press release and slides. Now let me turn the call over to Dave.
David Nord: All right. Thanks, Dan. Good morning, everybody. Thanks for joining us this morning to discuss our fourth quarter and full year results. You can see from our press release, it was another quarter of strong free cash flow generation and solid execution across Hubbell. Not just for the quarter, you really step back and look at our performance over the full year, and we're certainly pleased with the way our businesses and our employees executed and navigated through. We're really sort of mixed in uncertain markets to generate value for shareholders. We'll walk you through the details of the full year results later, but we certainly generated exceptional growth in free cash flow and significantly expanded our full year operating margins despite softer volumes across lot of our key end markets, and all this while we doubled our investment in restructuring activities. When I reflect on a year ago, we said that we were going to do EPS with a midpoint of $8 on an adjusted basis, and we delivered $8.12. We said we're going to do free cash flow at 95% of adjusted net income, and we delivered 112% of adjusted net income. All of that, in light of this time last year, the big uncertainty was tariffs, what was that going to do? But we've done a lot of other things along the way. We sold the business, we bought a couple of businesses, we got a significant pension obligation behind us. We've had more than we had anticipated, restructuring and related costs, trying to drive productivity and cost reduction going forward. And we've also had some organizational changes. So all of that going on and still delivering above what we committed to a year ago. I couldn't be more pleased with how the organization has responded. We take all that, and we remain focused on improving the things that we can control. And we see continued runway on our self-help initiatives, which sets us up for another strong year in 2020, even though we are -- continue to be cautious about our near-term volume. Longer term, we certainly remain confident in our strategy and our market position. We believe we're well positioned to continue to deliver differentiated returns for our investors. Before I get into the key takeaways for the quarter, I want to highlight that we'll be hosting Investor Day on March 3 in New York. You've likely received an invitation a few weeks ago. But if you're interested in attending, to contact Dan and he can provide you with the details. We certainly hope to see a lot of you there and look forward to giving you some more insight on our overall strategy and all the hard work we've been putting in at Hubbell to position the company for long-term success. You certainly have an opportunity to meet with and hear from a broad range of our senior leadership team, both those who are new to the company and/or in new positions. And on that topic, I actually want to point out that we're also joined today on the call by our President and Chief Operating Officer, Gerben Bakker. You'll recall back in June, we promoted Gerben from President of our Power segment to his current role. He spent a lot of time digging into our operations, especially in our Electrical business over the past several months, bringing a lot of the good traits and good experiences that he had that led to the success in Power business to our Electrical businesses. And I think he's looking forward to sharing some of those insights with you next month. So let me turn now to some of the highlights for the fourth quarter and key takeaways. And I'll start on Page 3 of the presentation. Yes, as most of you recall, it was almost two years ago we discussed the target of generating $500 million of free cash flow by 2020. And we're certainly pleased to have essentially delivered on that target a year earlier than we previously anticipated. We'll walk you through some of the drivers of that strong free cash flow a bit later. But the bottom line is, we do believe we can sustain this strong conversion level into 2020 and -- to -- and expect to continue to grow off of the space as we continue to focus on our working capital. One of the many benefits of this strong cash flow is that we get to deploy cash to generate attractive returns for investors, and we did that through 2 bolt-on acquisitions. Those who have followed us for a long time know that this is a key aspect of our strategy, and we're excited to be in the market with a strong balance sheet. Now we turn to the end markets. The trends here remain mixed. The transmission and distribution continues to stand out. Strong growth driven by ongoing investment in our large utility customers and hardening and upgrading the grid. But on the Electrical side, trends were soft exiting the year, most of which we had expected and contemplated and talked about last quarter in our guidance. But we still dealt with some pockets of weakness and uncertainty, which Bill will talk about in a couple of slides. On the margin front, we remain effective in actively managing price costs across the portfolio, which is driving margin expansion despite accelerated investment in restructuring to optimize the footprint and improve productivity. We expect this restructuring activity to generate significant productivity savings over the next several years and drive ongoing margin expansion. Finally, we're initiating full year guidance for 2020. We'll walk you through those details later, but we see another year of solid earnings growth and cash generation on fairly modest end market expectations. Importantly, the drivers of our performance of this year are mostly within our control. So we have a high degree of visibility and confidence in our ability to achieve our targets. A couple of other accomplishments in the quarter in our Electrical segment I always like to talk about. Burndy introduced a new Patriot crimping tool with a new ergonomic design and transmit technology, which uses an onboard GPS chip and Bluetooth connectivity to capture and map the date, time and location of a crimp, while storing the data in the tool and also transmitting it to the cloud to allow customers to generate custom reports. And on the Commercial and Industrial businesses, they introduced a new family of products called JumpCharge, which is a kiosk designed for hospitality, food service and education markets, allowing customers the ability to recharge their electrical devices for a rental fee. But what's different is that's using portable charging devices. So 2 points of innovation. And I think that's an area that we look forward to talking more about it at Investor Day. So with that, let me turn it over to Bill to give you some of the details on the fourth quarter and the year. Bill?
William Sperry: Thank you, Dave, and good morning, everybody. Appreciate you taking the time to join us here. Like Dave, I'm going to use the slides to guide my comments, and I'm starting on Page 4. Just the overview of results of $1.1 billion of sales. Operating margin -- adjusted op margin of 14%, an increase of 70 basis points. Adjusted diluted EPS of $1.91, which is a $0.07 increase over prior year. And Dave mentioned, the strong free cash flow, $185 million in the quarter and nearly $500 million for the year. Let's dig into the markets and the sales performance on Page 5. You see at $1.1 billion, that's 4% below last year. I'll remind everyone that when Dave mentioned that we've been selling and buying businesses, so we sold our high-voltage test equipment business based in Switzerland, and that cost us 1 point in sales growth. So the organic is highlighted here at 3% and, essentially, the lion's share of that is the impact of Lightings' challenging quarter on volumes. And so on balance, the rest of the company is actually quite flat. And so I'll walk through now kind of the individual end markets and show you that we're really starting to see some bifurcation between our -- some of our electrical-facing markets versus our utility-facing markets. So starting with the Electrical side and where we're seeing some of the softness. On oil end markets, which is where our Harsh & Hazardous businesses face, we saw a double-digit declines in the quarter. On heavy industrial, we also saw high single-digit declines there. And in renovation and relight on our Lighting business also saw a double-digit softness there. So those are notable points of weakness and they're in quite strong contrast to the electrical transmission and distribution end markets where we're seeing very strong growth. Transmission, a little bit stronger than distribution right now. We see our customers in those markets continuing to make upgrades and harden their grid and their infrastructure and continues to provide a very good underlying source of growth. So with that organic of minus 3% sales, let's turn towards how our earnings performed, and I'm going to Page 6. Starting with our adjusted operating income, you see flat dollars year-over-year, supported with a 70 basis point margin expansion to 14% in the fourth quarter. Really, this is the result of 2 pairs of offsetting drivers that I wanted to walk everybody through. The first set was a benefit that we earned from being granted some tariff exclusions on a very narrow amount of SKUs. Those exclusions provided us approximately a 1 point margin tailwind. And we reinvested that 1 point in incremental restructuring in the quarter, which is going to benefit future earnings through cost takeouts. The second pair of drivers, we more than offset the decrementals from the lower volumes that we discussed on the prior page with highly effective price-cost management. That price-cost management has been a trend that we've been discussing with you throughout the year. This tariff exclusion is a new dimension. So it's worth a quick comment. As Dave described, as we started the year, we were managing our tariff headwinds, primarily through price, but we were also focused on supply chain realignment as well as vendor management. And in this quarter, we are able to deploy the tool of approaching the U.S. trade commission, both directly and through our associations with industry groups and got some very specific SKUs excluded from our tariff calculations. And the result of that was reduction of expense in the fourth quarter that will largely repeat next year. And so we'll have comparable tariff expense in '20 versus '19, but will create -- so for the full year, quite a comparable picture in the fourth quarter, essentially in '19, that benefit was all concentrated and being recognized in 1 quarter. On the right side of the page, you see our adjusted earnings per diluted share. The $1.91 is a 4% increase or $0.07 over last year. The higher OP give us a couple of pennies and the lower effective tax rate and lower interest expense gave us about a $0.05. Tax rate on adjusted basis in the fourth quarter this year of about 21.3%. The free cash flow that Dave mentioned, helping us reduce our debt that we took on associated with the acquisition of Aclara and is getting us a lower interest expense. So we'll take those -- the performance and disaggregated into our 2 segments. And on Page 7, let's start with the Electrical segment. You can see sales down 7%. This segment is where the divestiture of high-voltage test equipment was located. So the -- on the organic side, you see roughly 6% decline, with $618 million of sales generated. The areas of notes of weakness: Lighting, down double digits; heavy industrial and the Harsh & Hazardous serving oil markets. Those -- that weakness in those 3 areas really masking some of the growth that we experienced on our Connectors and Grounding business as well as in our Wiring Device business. And on the performance side, we overcame that volume decline with 80 basis points of margin expansion to keep the dollars of OP essentially flat. And that's the story that we told of overcoming the volumes and the higher investment in restructuring with the tariff exclusion and the price-cost benefits. Page 8, I'll talk about the Power segment. And you'll see 2% sales growth to $485 million, an increase of 20 basis points of margin to 15.4% to drive a 3% increase in adjusted operating income to $75 million. I think it's worth disaggregating the 2 components of our Power segment between the Legacy Power Systems business that you're all more familiar with, where we grew at mid-single digits versus Aclara, which declined at mid-single digits. So you see that at -- an offsetting dampening effect on the overall sales growth. But also of note, that 20 basis points of margin expansion was achieved, including investing an extra point in higher restructuring. And so that price cost manage improving to provide the extra lift to drive that margin expansion. I think it's worth a comment on Aclara. Just because of the lumpiness of their business of the quarter at down mid-single digits feels out of step with what we've been talking about, and so I think adding a little more context is helpful. For the 2 years now that we've owned Aclara, the business has grown double digits and it grew mid-single digits in 2019. And our outlook is for it to continue to grow healthily in '20 and beyond. The mid-single-digit decline is largely attributed to a very difficult compare in Q4 when they had very, very strong growth back in the fourth quarter of 2018. When we look at their sequential sales throughout 2019, it has a quite normal seasonal sequential outlook. And I think it's worth commenting as well that beyond volumes at Aclara, we're quite focused as well on growing specifically the AMI and communications portion of that business. And it was a good sign to see order growth in the fourth quarter there as well as seeing some progress with some customers on advancing the future growth of that business that we think has a multiyear story to it that we're quite looking forward to. I think it's also helpful because that fourth quarter's got quite a few moving pieces in it to step back. And on Page 9, really look at the full year results. And you'll see net sales growth of 2% to approximately $4.6 billion. The growers for the full year, our Connectors and Grounding business, our natural gas business and our Power Systems business, all up mid-single digits. On the declining side, Harsh & Hazardous and the Lighting business dampening some of that growth a little bit. I think great to see the operating leverage throughout the business. So 2% sales growth resulting in 4% operating profit growth, driving 5% earnings growth and double-digit free cash flow growth. Those are trends we'd like to continue. The operating profit outgrowing sales obviously coming with margin expansion of 30 basis points, that's all in the gross margin through price cost management. And of note, you'll see we refer to the restructuring and related spending that we did last year versus this year. That's where Dave was mentioning kind of the doubling of that investing that we did. And so able to expand margins and invest in next year's and beyond margins, I think a really good sign. On the restructuring front, it's just worth commenting that the majority of that $37 million was in footprint realignment. And I would say, about 1/4 of it invested in some headcount reductions. The fourth quarter softness in sales required us to reduce headcount and, again, invest in next year's earnings. The result of that we see as ultimately driving about $15 million of savings next year from that $37 million of spending this year. 2.5-year payback, we think, is attractive paybacks and important for us to keep investing there. The free cash flow is also worth commenting on. We obviously had higher OP, a roughly comparable amount of CapEx. And so the higher OP was complemented with some working capital management, most notably on the receivables and inventory side. That cash flow, obviously, helps us restore our balance sheet post borrowing for Aclara in Page 10, I think, is a good outcome of that, where you'll see that we'd essentially been digesting and integrating the Aclara acquisition for the past seven quarters.  And as our balance sheet got delevered down to the 2x debt-to-EBITDA neighborhood, I'm very happy that we've been able to jump back into the bolt-on acquisition part of our value proposition. And we just noted here, 2 acquisitions made and closed in the fourth quarter. The first is Cantega, which is inside of our Power Systems business, an asset protection company, trades under the name Green Jacket. So you can see the pictures there of custom fit covers that help the substations perform against wildlife and other environmental incursions off to a really great start, really happy with that. And the appli named Connector Products, Inc. fits inside our Connectors and Grounding business line. You see a picture there of the wedge tap and also do splices. Noteworthy about the product line is it's easy to install. It doesn't require any specialized tools. So it really complements our existing business. These 2 businesses, both being very high margin above average for Hubbell averages. And so deploying kind of the sales proceeds from a high-voltage business into these high-margin businesses plus some extra cash flow, we think, is good value creation for the future. And you'll see when Dave talks about our outlook, you'll see some contribution from these 2 deals. So with that, Dave, I'll turn it back to you to cover our outlook for 2020.
David Nord: All right. Great. Thanks, Bill. I'm on Slide 11, talk first about the end markets and our outlook there. When we look into next year, sort of we continue to see some mixed trends in our end markets, a few puts and takes, netting overall to modest growth. Starting in the upper right, our Electrical T&D continues to be a strong market, up 3% to 4%, continue to see strong demand in that environment with solid growth even off difficult compares. The residential market up 2% to 4%. Market indicators more recently have gotten positive -- more positive, and we're pretty confident in being able to deliver some nice growth here in 2020. The nonresidential, we've got it at 1% to 2%. Continue to expect growth in nonres new construction. But this section of pie chart also embeds what we anticipate to be some continued softness on the renovation side of the Lighting, which could last through the first half of the year. Industrial. That's plus or minus 2%. Markets softened through the back half of 2019, particularly on the heavy industrial. We haven't yet seen signs of a material pickup. So our base case is plus or minus couple of points with the heavy industrial remaining softer, light and industrial holding up. On the oil side, right now, it's plus or minus 2%. Markets are weak throughout 2019. I think oil prices have come down. We've seen somewhat stable for now off the low levels with some smaller project activity, but no signs of an inflection. So that will continue to be a challenging market. And gas distribution, plus 1% to 3%. Market drivers remain strong. We expect some moderation to low single-digit growth after a multiyear period of strong growth. So turning to Slide 12. So all that turns to our guidance, where we expect all of that to contribute net sales growth of 1% to 3% for 2020, about in line with our expectations for modest end market growth. The acquisitions that Bill talked about on the previous page expected to fully offset the divestiture of the Haefely high-voltage test business next year, at least on the volume side. We expect 2020 adjusted earnings per share to be in the range of $8.50 to $8.80, and this includes another $0.40 of restructuring investment. We're seeing good returns on our footprint projects that we started in 2019, and we expect to continue to invest here. Yes, I think that next year, maybe with our current footprint, maybe the last year at the $0.40 range, obviously, M&A activity would bump that up, as we would invest more in rightsizing new entities coming in. The restructuring that we did this year, in fact, Bill mentioned, we expect $15 million of incremental restructuring savings next year, ahead of our initial expectations. And on the free cash flow front, we expect another year of strong cash generation at 110% of adjusted net income as we continue to effectively manage our working capital. So turning to Slide 13. You put all this together in graph form, we just talked about the modest contribution from volume growth, but we also see significant tailwind from our restructuring initiatives in 2020. We also see some modest EPS tailwind from M&A despite our expectation for the neutral sales impact as we've traded lower-margin business for the higher-margin business through our active portfolio management. Below the line, we see tailwind from lower interest and pension expense, partially offset by a slightly higher tax rate. And finally, there's a couple of nonfundamental headwinds from a couple of sources. First, as Bill noted, the tariff exemption we received is an ongoing benefit, which lowers our run rate cost basis, but some of that related to costs incurred in 2018 that doesn't repeat. Small piece, but it's something that we're -- we'll deal with. And second, we made a decision as a company with our Board to change the timing of our long-term incentive grants from the fourth quarter to first quarter really to be a practice more prevalent across the marketplace. We're somewhat out of step in doing it late in the year. Results. What that means is that in the first quarter of 2020, there'll be a cost associated with that, that would typically be in the fourth quarter. Certainly, the fourth quarter impact was offset by higher short-term incentive. So there was really no benefit in the fourth quarter. But instead of having the cost that typically would be in the fourth quarter, it'll be in the first quarter this year of a $0.10. So that's going to affect our calendarization. Just want to make sure that we had that out there. So with that, where all this is going to net to our midpoint of 7% earnings growth off relatively modest volume equation, which we think is a good start to the year, and we look forward to doing this or better, similar to what we saw in 2019. So with that, let me turn it over for some questions. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. First question is from Jeff Sprague from Vertical Research Partners.
Jeffrey Sprague: Can we just dig a little deeper into the utility side of the equation and -- particularly, kind of the Aclara versus the base business? First, on Aclara, there's been some chatter of kind of AMI deployment delays out there. I was wondering if that was either part of the issue in the quarter. Or does that, in any way, affect your outlook? And obviously, you didn't have Aclara in the organic base last year, but can you give us an idea of the magnitude of the comp you were going against in this particular quarter?
William Sperry: Yes, Jeff. So starting with the comp, it actually grew about 50% in the fourth quarter last year. So a very dramatic growth last year and a testament to some of the lumpiness of the projects that they work on. As far as the regulatory items, nothing that affected us in the quarter. We did enjoy some AMI order strength in the quarter and does not affect our medium-term outlook either.
David Nord: Hey, Gerben, maybe you want to add some color?
Gerben Bakker: Yes. On the question specifically on the AMI delays, delays in regulatory approvals are common in the industry. These are generally very large and complex projects, both technically and commercially. The degree of regulatory difficulties can also vary significantly based on the geography, as these are often set at state and municipal levels. So there -- while there certainly may be references in the market to delays, we are really not seeing evidence that the overall regulatory landscape has changed. We do encounter the delays ourselves in our business, but we do not see them to be material for us right now. And certainly, for us, geographical diversity helps as does the multiutility. So we serve both the IOU as well as the co-op and municipals. And we also serve both electric, gas and water. So it's pretty spread that can help offset some of these lumpiness that you can see with some of these larger products that are subjected to regulatory scrutiny.
Jeffrey Sprague: Could you also speak to the Aclara backlog? You had a big starting backlog when you acquired the company. Have you been able to keep that topped up along the way? Or are you actually drawing on backlog now?
Gerben Bakker: Yes. And that backlog will certainly shift as some of these larger projects come on and off. But fundamentally, we feel the backlog still is a little bit short of that billion dollars that we have talked about. More importantly, though, what we look at is the qualified pipeline and that we're actually seeing growing right now. We feel we are very well positioned to realize this growth. We had recent wins with our RF-synergized AMI platform, including a major utility co-op as well as a couple of pilot programs that we've launched with large IOUs. And this gives us confidence that we're well positioned to serve the significant opportunity in the next several years, really as the IOU customers upgrade their first-generation AMI systems to the next generation.
Jeffrey Sprague: Great. And just one other, if I could. Just in general. I'm sorry if I missed it in the opening remarks, but what are you anticipating in your guidance for kind of the carryover benefits from the restructuring actions you took in 2019? And any benefit that you might get from the planned 2020 actions?
William Sperry: Yes. So we think we've got $15 million of benefit, Jeff, of real savings in 2020 that are coming off the spending that we've done recently, and most of that was from investment spend in '19.
Operator: Next question is from Steve Tusa from JPMorgan.
Patrick Baumann: This is actually Pat Baumann on for Steve Tusa. Just curious on the end markets for the fourth quarter. What did they look like from a growth perspective versus the 1% to 3% you expect for 2020? And then along those lines, how do you expect the profile to look first half versus second half for this year for the end markets?
William Sperry: Yes. So the end markets netted out ex Lighting to be very flat in the fourth quarter. And we're expecting that to be in that 1% to 3% range for next year. And so I think you're right to point out that we do anticipate having some easier compares in the second half versus the first half as a result of that.
Patrick Baumann: Is there anything from a first quarter perspective we should be aware of other than the incentive comp? I think you said is a $0.10 of headwind. Anything else for the first quarter we should be aware of?
William Sperry: I don't think there's anything that stands out specifically. I do think that some of this Lighting volume can carry into some softness on the Electrical side. I think we'd expect the utility strength to carry through. And so I think despite that headwind from the LTI, I do think we should be able to grow earnings -- absorb that and grow earnings slightly in the first quarter year-over-year.
Patrick Baumann: Okay. And then following up on Jeff's question, I don't think you answered this part of it. I'm not even sure yes, this part. But what's your expectations for Aclara growth in 2020 versus the core T&D business? I think you said 3% to 4% for the end markets. I'm just curious how those two parts of Power shake out versus one another in terms of the guide.
William Sperry: Yes, we're expecting Aclara to be able to grow mid-single digits.
Patrick Baumann: Okay. Okay, great. And then one last quick one for me. What was price in the quarter year-over-year contribution to revenue?
William Sperry: Yes, we've got a couple of points of price.
Operator: Next question is from Nigel Coe from Wolfe Research.
Nigel Coe: Yes. Patrick just took some of my questions, so I think I have quite a few left over there. So going back to Aclara, so just to be clear, obviously, you had a very tough comp in 4Q. So you expect to grow -- to be back to growth in 1Q? And then the comments on the corporate backlog still up. How does your backlog kind of coverage for 2020 compared to last year, say?
William Sperry: Yes. So there's really two components of the funnel that Gerben was referring to, right? The very near term is the backlog. And then if you go slightly farther back, you get into the pipeline. And so as Gerben was saying, the activity at the front end of that funnel on pipeline continues to grow. And then what enters into qualified backlog that can get consumed or added to depending. And so I think we are -- the near-term backlog is down just a little bit, but it certainly doesn't dim our expectations for 2020 or beyond.
Nigel Coe: Okay. And the 1Q, you think this impacted growth in 1Q? I mean the put together, the points now?
William Sperry: Yes. I think we've got -- we've still got a tough comp in the first quarter for Aclara. And then I think the remaining three quarters will be where we see the growth.
Nigel Coe: Okay. And then the performance in Electrical during the quarter, I think you said flattish across the end markets ex Lighting. So Lighting, obviously, down kind of mid-teens. Would that be the right number?
William Sperry: Yes, a little bit less than that, but double digits, yes.
Nigel Coe: Yes. Okay. Can you just talk about the impact of channel inventories, not just for Lighting, but across the spectrum there? And what's your perspective in terms of where they currently sit versus normal levels?
David Nord: I didn't understand that what the question is?
Nigel Coe: Yes, the channel inventories. So to what extent are we suffering -- still suffering from channel headwinds -- inventory headwinds?
William Sperry: Yes. I mean, I think that at the beginning part of the year and with some of the tariffs and the pricing that was going in, Nigel, I think you're right to point out that we thought there was probably some buildup in the channel of inventories. And there's evidence of some of that persisting a little bit, but that sounds almost like an excuse, Nigel. So I think we feel that, that's straighten itself out for the most part.
David Nord: Yes. I think the other side of that is going into 2019. I think the channel was a little bit more cautious and was concerned about a downturn. We had a lot of conversation that tariffs were going to cause recession and, therefore, they wanted to get their inventory levels down. And the conversations that I've had with our channel partners, generally optimistic, positive on 2020. So I think that has taken a lot of that pressure off, at least broadly. There's still pockets of those who might want to be shifting some of their inventory and getting the same focus on cash flow that we have. But I don't see anything in there that's meaningful.
Nigel Coe: Great. And there's a quick one on price -- 2 points of price, obviously, very strong. How does that look in 2020? Do you think you'll still get positive price?
David Nord: Yes. I think as it wraps around, Nigel, it'll taper off. And so we're not expecting that to be a steady state of 2 points of price.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your next question is from Deepa Raghavan from Wells Fargo Securities. 
Deepa Raghavan: A question on your residential market expectations. I mean your expectations, 2% to 4% end market, better than fiscal '19 of flat 0% to 1%. Now that end market is Lighting business in there as well, right? I mean just curious how you're thinking about how would -- how the Lighting business trends in fiscal '20 and how residential in -- rest of residential ex Lighting actually feeds into the 2% to 4% expectations?
David Nord: Well, I'll take that. First of all, the residential component of our business is substantially Lighting. So that's the big driver to it. As you know, a lot of that -- some of the positive outlook is based on housing starts. And I think most recently at the home builders show, the really positive sentiment on home builders. But for us, obviously, that has a little bit of a lag to it. We're typically a 2-quarter lag to the starts. So I think some of that will start to see its way through to the business in the second half of this year. So...
Deepa Raghavan: Okay. All right. So you are expecting Lighting to do better in fiscal '20. All right. My follow-up would be on your price. I mean you said it's 2% of price, you're guiding to for fiscal '20. It fades away. Last year or 2, you got -- I think you were guiding to 2% of price, and most of that was end markets, right? Just 1% to 3%. As your end markets -- so your volume expectations are still flattish within your end market expectations this year versus last year as well. Is that right?
William Sperry: No. I'd say, our end market volume expectations are mostly a volume expectation. It encompasses very little price, just kind of the wraparound effect.
Deepa Raghavan: Okay, got it. So it's 1% to 3% end markets, plus 2% price. And that's how to think about it?
William Sperry: It's not plus 2% price. We said, pricing wraparound is limited. So we're not letting it right now.
David Nord: Right.
Operator: Next question is from Robert McCarthy from Stephens Research.
Robert McCarthy: Congratulations on the strong execution on cash. I guess the first question I would have is just around Lighting, more of a broader question. Clearly, this is a business that you've been invested in and acquired over the last 20 years, I think starting with LCA back in '02. But over the course of time, it's -- there's been a lot of promise for the business for a variety of reasons. But right now, it seems you've had a competitor sell the business. I think you've had some leadership lead the company to run a different Lighting business. What's kind of the state of play strategically for that business going forward for you? And do you think you have to have a higher bar for a return profile for a business? And would you consider some form of separation or divestment in the near term?
David Nord: A lot in there, but we go way back. So we share the history on this. Certainly, Lighting business has always been challenging and nothing changes -- nothing has changed there. I think we've done some good things to continue to improve that business. There is a level of frustration that I certainly have because the market is tough. But I think that some of the things that we've done have strengthened that business, and it's well positioned to continue to improve. I think we've made some -- some of the management changes have allowed us to do some things differently. And I think we're going to be prepared to talk about some of those things next month at Investor Day. It certainly is not one of our higher-margin businesses, yet it's still providing a decent return. And I think it's adding value to shareholders. I think as with all the businesses, but certainly, with the changes going on in the Lighting industry. If there was an opportunity to create shareholder value, that was more valuable for us than running it. That always has to be considered. But right now, we think it has a lot of opportunity to continue to add value and to improve. And so we're going to continue to do that.
Robert McCarthy: Okay. Turning to probably a more attractive topic, which would be the solid outlook for transmission and distribution spend. And looking at long-term growth rates and growth rates as a whole, it sounds like the traditional legacy business is very well positioned for continued growth. And the more AMI smart metering, certainly, it has a great runway for growth, maybe on a market basis, a little bit lower than that. But I guess from your comments, you're actually suggesting Aclara is going to grow mid-single digit this year now that there should be penetration with some IOUs and probably some secular growth tailwinds with Aclara. But could -- I mean despite the fact that you already have 3% to 4% growth there, do you think there's even upside to that number? Do you think you could be growing, given the trends that you're seeing now in mid- to high single digits for a sustainable growth rate over a longer period of time? In other words, do you see the potential for an inflection point there for growth over a 3 to 4 year period?
David Nord: Yes, Rob, I'd say, yes, we do. Remember, what we've said is, particularly on the AMI, it's a much longer sales cycle. It's a little lumpier. Getting the acceptance of the AMI systems takes time. The good news is that we've had some good success there. And with proven capability with some meaningfully-sized utilities, and that provides a sound basis for -- on a run rate basis. Certainly, I think we could see mid- to high single digits over time. But as Gerben mentioned, it's a lumpy business because it's got that project orientation. Until you get a broad enough portfolio that makes that sort of smooth out, we're going to see that. But certainly, I think there's really good upside in the future based on the investments being made.
Operator: Next question is from Josh Pokrzywinski from Morgan Stanley.
Joshua Pokrzywinski: Dave, just to follow up on Rob's question on the T&D space or kind of utilities at large, we've been in this outsized environment. I'm wondering how much of this is kind of catch-up for years of underinvestment versus a structural change in the way utility spend money or kind of view the investment cycle. So is there any way to parse out how much of what you're seeing today is just kind of making up for kind of decades of underinvestment versus something it's a little bit more proactive and sustainable?
David Nord: Well, I think it's -- I can't argue that there's been decades of underinvestment. I mean that's a fact. The question is, what are they then -- when it comes time to invest, is it investing in replacing legacy products? Or is it going to the next level of new technology? And that's a little harder to split out and identify which way it's going. I think what is clear is that there is a recognition of a need to invest more. And that's positive, and it's positive for all parts of our business. So we want to make sure. And quite honestly, that was one of the strategic basis for the Aclara acquisition to give us the opportunity and the capability to participate more effectively on the automation side.
William Sperry: And just I would add to what Dave said, I certainly think prior underinvestment in it. But the other thing that's adding to this is the integration of renewables and that's certainly putting a lot of strain on the existing grid. So what the utilities are looking for is how to better operate the grids that they have and maintained, and that's where some of the Aclara technology and even, more importantly, when we bring together the legacy portfolio with Aclara, that we can help serve that need to modernize the grid and really run the grid more efficiently.
Joshua Pokrzywinski: Got it. That's helpful. And then just one quick follow-up for Bill. Can you remind us -- sorry, if I missed that already. How much of the tariff relief is ongoing versus what was kind of recaptured from earlier in '18 and '19 in the fourth quarter?
William Sperry: Yes, I would describe the exemptions as capturing roughly 6 quarters of activity. And so the majority of that carries forward through 2020, they technically expire in October. So we'll be recognizing that benefit kind of evenly throughout 2020. And then there's about 1/3 of the total that was associated what that actually happened in '18 so that, that would be the nonrecurring piece.
Operator: Next question is from Justin Bergner of Gabelli Research.
Justin Bergner: Just a couple of clarification questions. On the transmission and distribution end market view, if Aclara is growing mid-single digit, does that mean that your legacy T&D business, you have a view towards it growing below mid-single digit to sort of average out to that 3% to 4%? Or am I missing something?
William Sperry: No. I mean that you've got it right. The distribution piece, if you unpack it, is about 2/3 of our volumes and transmission about 1/3. And we've expected that D over the long term has been kind of grows in GDP line. So I think Josh and Rob's questions about it's doing stronger than that, which is some underspending from past and as Gerben was saying, some new automation areas. So I think that if you disaggregate those pieces, you've got it right. The T&D part of our Power segment is significantly larger than the Aclara piece. So you can't just average the two growth rates. You have to apply a higher weighting, obviously, to the Power Systems piece.
Justin Bergner: Okay, great. And then on the tariff piece, I'm just to fully understand it. You said it expires in October. Does that mean that, I guess, is $0.025 per quarter benefit that you will enjoy in 2020 will not repeat come 2021?
William Sperry: Well, it would be subject to whether or not the exemptions are regranted or not. And that starts to off fit in the background noise of how we're managing price cost.
David Nord: Right.
Justin Bergner: Got you. All right. And then lastly, on the restructuring side, so it looks like you expect it to come in this year around $0.40 of restructuring, but you ended up around $0.50, and that offset the $0.15 benefit in the fourth quarter. Is my math sort of in the right ballpark?
William Sperry: Yes. We spent more than we had planned by about $0.11. And that was all happened in the fourth quarter. Some of which was -- continued to be footprint realignment that we've been focused on all year and will continue to be focused on, and some of which was a little bit shorter term, headcount related that was in response to some soft volumes we experienced in Q4.
Operator: Okay. I am showing no further questions at this time. I would now like to turn the conference back to Mr. Dan Innamorato.
Daniel Innamorato: Thanks, everyone, for joining us. And I'll be around all day for follow-up calls if you need me. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you again for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-10-29 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and Gentlemen, thank you for standing by. And welcome to the Third Quarter 2019 Results Call. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Mr. Dan Innamorato. Please go ahead, sir.
Dan Innamorato: Thanks, JC. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us. I'm joined today by our Chairman and CEO, Dave Nord; and our Executive Vice President and CFO, Bill Sperry. Hubble announced its third quarter results for 2019 this morning. The press release and slides are posted to the investor section of our website at www.hubble.com. Please note that our comments this morning may include statements related to the expected future results of our company and forward looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Therefore, please note the discussion of forward looking statements in our press release and considered incorporated by reference into this call. In addition, comments may also include non-gap financial measures. Those measures are reconciled to the comparable GAAP measures and are included in the press release and the slides. Now let me turn the call over to Dave.
Dave Nord: Okay. Thanks, Dan. Good morning, everybody. Thanks for joining us just to discuss our third quarter results. Hopefully, you can see from our press release this morning another quarter of solid earnings growth and free cash flow generation for Hubble. Continue to feel confident about our market position and our ability to deliver differentiated results for investors. I want to start my comments on page 3 of the presentation. Some of the key takeaways for the quarter. Now first the end markets are growing modestly overall. You could see that transmission and distribution continues to stand out is driving strong growth both top and bottom line. And that's driven by our ongoing investment at our large utility customers and hardening and upgrading the grid. On the electrical side things are a bit more mixed with some pockets a growth offset by some softness in certain markets. And we'll talk about that in a couple slides. On the margin front, we remain effective in actively managing priced cost across the portfolio, which is driving margin expansion. You see 30 basis point improvements on an adjusted basis year-over-year. Free cash flow remains a critical aspect of our story and we're tracking above prior expectation driven by continued working capital improvement. We continue to invest restructuring dollars in our footprint optimization initiative with more to come in the fourth quarter and into next year, putting a lot of work organizationally into improving our operating intensity. It's paying early dividends with strong cash flow generation and we see these efforts driving significant upside to margins over the next few years. See we also completed the divestiture of the Haefely high voltage test business in the quarter, and recognized a gain that we've adjusted out of results. And also reach an agreement for a bolt-on acquisition for our power segment. We think these transactions add value for our shareholders and we're exiting a non-core business with lower return characteristics and redeployed the capital to acquire a higher margin business in an attractive adjacency. And we'll walk through the details later. Finally, our strong year-to-date results position us well to tighten our full-year earnings per share expectations. We're certainly incrementally more cautious around top-line trends particularly the electrical business than we were a quarter ago. But we have solid visibility and continued strengthen our power business in the fourth quarter and we're executing well on margins across the portfolio, gives us confidence to tighten our full year commitments and we remain confident in our ability to deliver on them. Before I turn it over to Bill, let me just highlight a couple of key accomplishments as well in the quarter. First on the Aclara front, they launched a pilot program for its synergized RF communications and controls platform with a large electric IOU customer. That was also chosen for an AMI deployment with one of its largest co-op customers. This is laying critical groundwork and demonstrating proof points on the scalability of Aclara's AMI platform, as well as the synergies between Aclara and Hubbell and are unique breadths of product offering across the distribution, automation space. Key elements of the strategic basis for that acquisition. Burndy released tint zinc plating solution for its compression terminal line which is more environmentally friendly and safer solution with improved corrosion protection. Lighting won a product Innovation Award from the architectural solid state lighting magazine for best retrofit for the lighting design for the Duke Ellington School of Arts in Washington DC. It's the fourth consecutive year Hubble Lighting's won this award. They also had four products included in the IES annual progress report for their innovation and unique product attributes all good testimony to their investment in new product development. And on the electrical side of commercial and industrial, they delivered their largest single order for bridge controls ever in August. Industrial controls division has become a safe and reliable supplier of choice to replace the US as aging lift bridge population. Organizationally, we had different changes during the course of the year. Most recently, we had a leadership change in lighting as a previous leader has taken on a new opportunity outside Hubble. We named Jim Farrell as the acting Group President of Hubble Lighting. Many of you know Jim from his experience at as Investor Relations. He's got over 15 years experience at Hubble and he's been at Lighting you'll recall at the VP of Finance for several years and has been instrumental in a lot of the activity there in improving their performance. We're excited to have Jim continued to executing on our strategy and wish them well in this new role. With that, let me turn it over to Bill.
Bill Sperry: Thanks very much, Dave. Good morning, everybody. Appreciate you joining us. I know it's a busy morning. Like Dave, I'm going to use the slides to govern some of my comment. I'm going to start on page 4, the overall results. You'll see that we generated $1.2 billion of sales in the quarter, 2% growth considering the divestiture that Dave mentioned organic growth was up 3%. Operating margins expanded 30 basis points to 15.8% that was absorbing some extra investment in footprint restructuring. And it was really driven by a very solid performance on the price-cost side. Adjusted EPS of $2.34 as Dave mentioned the reported results have gain on sale, which we've adjusted out to help facilitate your ongoing comparisons of operating results. And for free cash flow $151 million generated which has the year-to-date increase for the nine-month period of 16% on cash flow. So let's look at sales and disaggregate that into how each of our end markets is contributing to our 3% organic story. You can see some bifurcation on the page with some strong areas and in some other areas of softness. I'll start with the strength starting with non res new construction. We continue to see low single-digit performance there. Our commercial construction and ROUGH-in electrical areas are benefiting from that. And as Dave mentioned, the utility facing markets are really the most noteworthy. I'm including gas in there as you all recall, we're in the distribution components business there. So utility facing area where conversions to gas have been increasing and the MRO spends upgrade and strengthening the infrastructure continues to drive impressive growth there, as well as across transmission and distribution of electrical side, we're seeing grid hardening and projects on transmission side including renewables, so very favorable trends in utility. On the softer side, upstream oil continues to be an area of softness in our lighting business there. Relight national account area has experienced softness. Those are proving to be discretionary projects more nice to have and we've seen some deferral of that spending. And then heavy industrial where we have quite a bit of exposure into the steel industry for example were in sympathy with steel prices. We're seeing from spending other producers coming down there. So the good diversification across that portfolio of end markets delivered us 3% organic growth, helped by some strong pricing. So let's -- how do those sales translate down to operating income, remember 2% sales growth now you see here 4% op growth to $190 million of adjusted operating income, a 30 basis point margin expansion to 15.8%. That's absorbing the extra investment into footprint restructuring driven by the price cost management which has been very constructive really all year. On that earnings per diluted share, $2.34, the increase in OPC on the left being absorbed by a higher tax rate. That tax rate is quite in line with our expectations this year around 23% on an adjusted ETR rate, last year it happens to be sub 20%. I'd say unnaturally low as we had some favorable true ups for tax reform in the third quarter of last year. So let's take that enterprise performance and unpack it into our two segments electrical and power and starting on page 7 will cover electrical. You see sales of $689 million, roughly comparable to last year considering the divestiture organic growth of plus 1%. Some of the strong areas, gas as we mentioned non res construction, both the connector side and commercial construction products benefiting from that. You see industrial and the national account side of lighting being weaker. And as that translated into operating income you see $96 million, 13.9% margin. Two decisions we made in the quarter. One to invest in the footprint restructuring; the other the divestiture drove down those margins had we not done those to the price-cost positives would have offset the lower lighting volumes to have margins be flat in electrical for other quarter. On page 8, with transition to the power segment, which you see had a really nice performance in the quarter. Net sales grew 5% to $515 million. That's essentially all our legacy Hubbell Power Systems products which grew high single digits. Aclara had flat contribution on the sales line. They've got some natural lumpiness as they live off of large project orders and as some roll off the new ones roll on in different time periods. We've got a very nice pipeline of projects in front of the Aclara and their growth for the year is going to be solid in the mid-single digits despite a flat quarter. The operating income for power segments, you see $95 million, up 160 basis points to 18.4%. You're seeing both strong volume and good price cost. So really attractive incremental drop on the volumes there. On page 9, we wanted to give you an update on our operations starting with the footprint work that we're doing that we've spent a lot of time talking to you all about, just a level said remind everyone we had started the year with 58 manufacturing facilities and about 11 million square feet. We've got 10 projects underway that will take about 0.5 million of square feet out this year. Those projects are all going well. We think we've got some good ones right now in one case we're consolidating two foundries into a big 24/7 operation moving out of a high-cost North East location into Puerto Rico and another couple regional consolidation, one in our Harsh & Hazardous business one and gas distribution. So those projects are all proceeding and we're happy with them. We've been talking to you about $0.40 of spending in this year to improve our margins next year. As we enter the fourth quarter here it turns out some of our cost estimates were a little bit conservative and some of those costs are coming in a little bit under budget and we're going to reinvest that into incremental productivity actions in fourth quarter, and help deal with some of the electrical volume softness Dave was talking about. We've indicated sales per square foot at the bottom of the page and the target of improving that by 20%. We've improved 20% from 2017 to 2019, so we want to keep that momentum going as we go from to 2018-- 2017, 2018 into 2020. And of note that we think those footprint actions really helped pull two important free cash flow levers which is a high area of focus for us. Number one, we're taking out fixed cost and that allows us to enhance margins and increase our income. But secondly, the fewer facilities and more efficient operations are allowing us to reduce inventory days and with less working capital that's also helping us drive free cash flow. So we're really looking to have free cash flow outstrip our earnings growth. You'll see 16% year-to-date. We're trying to get to you, recall last year we did $420 million, trying to get next year 2020 to $500 million that we promised you. So the $460 million would be about halfway which would be about a 105% conversion rate on adjusted net income. And we think we've got a path to get there. So operations really helping us drive free cash flow. I also wanted to comment a little bit on the portfolio actions that Dave mentioned at the outset, starting with the divestiture of Haefely, our high-voltage test equipment business based in Switzerland. As you may recall, they made large impulse generators and transformer test systems and we found that that business was non-core with what we were trying for. They had atypical project sizes which large systems different than the rest of the company. The drivers of the business tended to be electrification in developing economies as well as transformer technology changes. We found it to be a cyclical business and had been in a trough for an extended period of time. And so we found an opportunity where we think the business was more valuable to another player. And we take the proceeds from that which were $38 million redeployed that into our next acquisition which is in the Power Systems arena to business that protect substation aspects with tight-fitting components that are fire resistant. It's got a high margin, high growth profile and so for balance sheet neutral just redeploying those proceeds. We think that's a good portfolio move to make. That acquisitions been signed but subject to customary closing conditions and so we're expecting either in late fourth quarter early first quarter to close that. I'd say it also on the business development front, we've got a potential other acquisition that could close in the fourth quarter. Those are often hard to predict but wanted to just highlight that that we're reinvesting in acquisitions that our balance sheet is very supportive of that. So with that I want to hand it back to Dave to talk about outlook for markets and outlook for the rest of the year.
Dave Nord: Okay. Thanks Bill. Turn to page 11 to talk about the end markets first and outlook. Now as we've talked about this morning, we're seeing some mixed end market trends and some puts and takes across the portfolio. On net, I think end markets are trending a bit below our prior expectations that closer to 2% versus to 2% to 3%. And that's a result we've tweaked down our growth expectations across a few of our electrical end markets. But again, we're once again seeing stronger growth in the full year in transmission and distribution. Going around starting clockwise, the electrical and transmission distribution is now I think 4% to 5%. It was 3% to 5% prior closing in closer to the high end on better visibility. The non-residential still 1% to 3%, we talked about the softness in lighting, particularly on national accounts but core non res we think is still solid. Industrial now 0% to 1% versus 1% to 3% prior. And that's driven by softening mostly on the heavy industrial side, steel and heavy industries, the light is still holding okay. Oil and gas now 0% to 1% versus 1% to 3% prior. Oil markets, I think most people know haven't been recovering. Rig counts down and so you've seen that we're taking that down a bit. And then residential 0% to 1% versus 0% to 2% prior. We continue to expect modest growth but a little more modest than prior. So if we turn to page and pull that together for our overall outlook. That market dynamic plus price, we expect sales growth of 3% to 3.5% for the full year. As we talked about in the prior slide, this embeds this modest end market growth but we expect to continue to achieve solid traction on price. The wraparound of Aclara and the impact of the Haefely divestiture add about a point on net and then we think that foreign exchange would be a headwind of a little less than a point. We're tightening our full-year adjusted EPS expectation $7.95 to $8.10 based on our strong year-to-date results and the expectations for continued execution in the fourth quarter against what we anticipate will be somewhat softer market conditions at least in the electrical segment. And we're raising our expectations for full year free cash flow conversion to more than a 100% of adjusted net income based on our results through nine months and what we see in the fourth quarter. We feel good about our ability to continue executing on our working capital initiatives and generating good cash for shareholders. So if we turn to page 13, we put this in a little bit of a graphical form, so we expect strong growth from core operations with some called non fundamental headwinds from incremental R&R investment and the higher tax rate that Bill talked about. So in closing, I think we all start to think about and talk about next year 2020 and we're certainly committed to continuing to execute on the fundamental drivers within our control. We continue to actively and effectively manage price loss and we'll start to reap some of the cost-saving benefits from the restructuring actions we've taken this year. We expect to invest another $0.40 in restructuring spend next year and continue delivering significant cost savings and margin improvement over a multi-year period. As far as market, we see continued runway in our T&D markets with all the fundamental drivers around grid hardening and modernization still intact, maybe though at a potentially more moderating growth and as we have more some difficult comps. But still certainly continuing to grow. On the electrical side, things a little more uncertain and some puts and takes across the end markets. But we remained focused on executing again on the fundamental drivers within our control. And we're confident in our ability to deliver differentiated results regardless of the macroeconomic, while continuing to position the company for long-term success. So with that, let me open it up to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Christopher Glynn of Oppenheimer. Your line is now open.
ChristopherGlynn: Thank you. Good morning. I was just wondering a little bit more on the power fundamentals. You mentioned great hardening and modernization from a couple other perspectives wondering how much runway you're seeing with respect maybe utility CapEx fundamentally shifting from power gen to T&D. And also besides that is California starting to come into play prospectively?
DaveNord: Well, I think on the first part, I mean I think that the shift from power-gen to T&D has been a contributing factor and we expect that dynamic to continue and that all as part of modernization grid hardening, smart in the grid. On the second on California certainly there's been increased investment, increased intention, attention to the need to focus on more reliability of the grid throughout California, certainly in the northern parts and we're seeing some of the implications of that right now with the need to shut down power to protect. And so we expect that to continue, although that's only been part of the story for us. I think it's a broader shift into T&D from power-gen that's contributed.
ChristopherGlynn: Okay and then on your acquisition pipeline, I'm just wondering if that's skewing more power or electrical?
BillSperry: Yes. We're seeing opportunities, Chris, in both, if you looked backwards, we've had a skewed towards power over the last five years or so. But as we look forward, we're seeing opportunities in both segments.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of the Deepa Raghavan of Wells Fargo Securities. Your line is now open.
DeepaRaghavan: Hey, good morning all. A couple of questions for me. First one, did you benefit from storm activity this quarter? If yes, can you quantify that for us? I was also thinking on Aclara coming in flat is that something what you'd expected or was that slightly below what you're expecting?
DaveNord: Well, first on the storms, there was no meaningful incremental impact. I mean it's more of a normal level of storm activity that we saw. So nothing that was a positive year-over-year you. On the Aclara side, I think it was a little less than we expected but remember that last year we had some very significant growth high double-digit, high 20% plus in some of the periods. And so the comps got a little tougher this year. I think there are also some projects that have doubt a little bit to the right, so but there's a whole lot of order activity that we expect to be coming online certainly in the next several quarters.
DeepaRaghavan: Got it, thanks. And my follow-up is on lighting, can you provide us your general thoughts on Cooper Lighting sale to signify and what this perhaps could mean to lighting assets such as yours, if you can help us parse some of the competitive merits or demerits that would be helpful? Secondarily, how are you thinking about your timeline to fill in the lighting vacancy? Thank you.
DaveNord: Well, I think the merits and pros and cons of Cooper signify would have to be addressed by them. They're the ones doing as we look at from my history in the market; I think there's been a lot of churn throughout my 14 years. And it's not clear that all of it has resulted in the positive impacts that are intended. It's a tricky industry. I think there's dynamic that sometimes suggest that in some places bigger isn't always better unless executed well. So with any large transaction like that I put that in the category of large. I think it's all about the execution. We feel very good about our position. Our position in the market, our position with our technology and product development. So but it's always -- we're always paying attention to what's going on from a competitive situation. So hopefully that answers the first question. The second question around the timeline, there's no timeline that I can commit to. I mean we evaluate candidates, internal candidates as well as Jim's in position and we expect he's going to be doing a great job. So I don't think we're going to miss a beat as we're going through this process so okay.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Nigel Coe of Wolfe Research. Your line is now open.
MichaelMetz: Good morning guys. This is Michael in for Nigel. Hey, so just touching up on the implied 4Q guidance. Can you talk about some of the moving pieces inside the segments? Just looking at normal seasonality, it seems like a bigger drop off than usual. I just kind of want to know what your thinking is that's driving that.
BillSperry: Yes. I think one of the pieces is the pricing and that layered in over last year and as we get to fourth quarter, we are anniversary some of those increase. And so you kind of lose the lift that comes from that. And then on the lighting side, we are anticipating some of that. We were down mid-single digits in the third quarter. So we're anticipating some of that continuing into the fourth and then strengthen the rest of electrical and certainly as Dave was saying continued strength in the power side.
MichaelMetz: Got you. That's very helpful. And then on Aclara just looking at the backlog, does that provide more clarity and visibility into 2020? Or were customers hesitant to spend in the quarter and that got pushed out to the right?
BillSperry: Yes, no, I think, we've got two concepts right at backlog, which is even near-term and then a pipeline. And we're finding there's even a little bit of gray in between those as part of the pipeline starts to become very close to backlog and that's where we start to see that some 2020 volumes coming in. So there does -- it is lumpy by its nature of kind of large customers putting in large orders. And so you do -- if your question is, is there visibility to that there is and we feel confident about the forward look there.
MichaelMetz: Okay. That makes sense. And if I've time for one more? Just speaking on the kind of sell-in to sell-out, what are you guys hearing from channel inventory levels from your customers and the inventory drawdown from customers that we saw earlier this year? Is your perspective that that's mostly over? Do you expect it to continue into the back -- into the end of the year?
DaveNord: I would say that the meaningful amount of it is over. I think there are certain customers that we've heard are still working off some of their inventory. But we're not expecting that to have a significant impact. Although you will find some, at least we have found some distributors, who still have some inventory to work off. But the vast majority, I think I've gotten to the level those they that they want to be at.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Justin Bergner of G. Research. Your line is now open.
JustinBergner: Good morning Dave, good morning Bill. First off, I want to ask about power margins. They remained very strong in the quarter; I guess they're even up a little sequentially. How sustainable is that? I know you have seasonality and some timing of price cost. But did that sort of exceed your expectations and what can we expect going forward?
BillSperry: Yes, I think it was -- it did not exceed our expectations. We had both volume at the legacy power systems products, which those dropped through with attractive incremental. We also had price cost, favorability. Continuing that price cost favorability I think is the essence of your question where with that will start to flatten out some of the pricing comps, for example, in the fourth quarter get harder, that probably is offset by maybe easier raw material comps, and then how that plays into next year. We're sort of hoping we can hold on to some of that benefit, but hard to have the same as you noted, sequential quarter-over-quarter kind of walk. I think the other driver ultimately of power margins will be from within Aclara. And as the previous question talking about some of that. Project pipeline and the more AMI kind of richness that can come through. And Dave highlighted in his opening comments, some of the AMI advancements on some piloting within IO use, as well as some larger deployments inside of the co-op world, start to suggest as that margin written, this richness come out that would help our margins as well.
JustinBergner: Great. One clarification question, if I may. In terms of your revised guidance, are you absorbing some additional headwinds in terms of either tax restructuring or divestiture?
BillSperry: Yes. So the tax isn't the same as we thought. The restructuring is the same as we thought. And we are absorbing the last OP of our divestiture. Yes.
JustinBergner: Is that like $0.05 or something like that?
BillSperry: Yes, that's a good, that's good ballpark.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Tusa of JP Morgan. Your line is now open.
SteveTusa: Hi, guys. Good morning. Just on the free cash, I know you guys kind of reaffirm the long-term targets, but it seems like you guys are obviously doing pretty well against that, I'm not, I missed the beginning of the call. So I'm not sure if you kind of clarified. Is there anything kind of unusual in the base this year that kind of reverses it all? Because it just seems like youre really kind of close to the long-term targets, even though youre not quite there yet on from a timing perspective?
DaveNord: No, I think we, what you missed is that we feel good about this year and youre right, we are-- what weve been focused on trying to get ahead on those long-term targets. I wouldnt say I am ready to advance those long-term targets. But if we can continue to do what weve been doing, we certainly think there should be upside to those targets as well. But that remains to be seen. We'll have better insight into that with another quarter behind us when we close out this year and see exactly how this year closes out. But certainly, the thing that weve been doing that is driving the focus that weve had on it, I think are leading us to where we want to be.
SteveTusa: Any major influence you have from the supply chain initiatives that you guys have been talking about, or is it kind of too early to see fruit to that labor?
BillSperry: No, I think youve seen, Steve, youve seen our inventory days improve which I think is a direct result of that. And to Daves point the way were modeling next year; were seeing a continued step down and improvement in inventory days. So I think that feels like it has legs to it to help drive as weve mentioned for long-term target.
Operator: We have a follow up question from Christopher Glynn of Oppenheimer. Your line is now open.
ChristopherGlynn: Thanks for taking the follow up. Just wanted to go back to the kind of preliminary 2020 comments, Dave. Did you suggest that both segments are positioned for some positive margin trends next year or 2019 granted if the economy doesnt fall off the cliff?
DaveNord: Well, I certainly the easier one to say is going to be positive is on the electrical. Just because of some of the challenges there, particularly in lighting. But I think power can continue to power through it, there are high levels but certainly we see the opportunity for those to continue to grow. So our objective overall is to --is with our focus on margin as well as growth and cash generation. That we're going to continue to improve on those.
Operator: We have a follow up question from Justin Bergner of G. Research. Your line is now open.
JustinBergner: Great, thanks again. If I do the math and the writing down mid-single-digit that would suggest I guess that commercial and industrial construction energy sort of combined were up 3% organic. Am I serving the right ballpark there and are you actually doing better than your end markets because thats what seem to be a little bit better than your end market even if we maybe axe out the lighting piece?
BillSperry: Yes, your math is good. And I think when we consider the end markets, were incorporating some of the lighting into that, so it feels like our products and brands are doing just fine. I'm not sure that I would say there's a ton of share gain or outperformance, theres been Dave made reference to the top to some new products that have done well some new introductions. But I'm not sure I have noted any great share shift.
Operator: No further questions at this time, presenters please proceed.
Dan Innamorato: Thanks operator. Thank you for joining us today. And Ill be around all day for follow ups, if anybody needs us. Thanks.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes todays conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-07-30 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Prince, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the second quarter 2019 results call [Operator Instructions]. Thank you. Mr. Dan Innamorato, you may take it from here.
Dan Innamorato: Thank you, Operator. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us. I'm joined today by our Chairman and CEO, Dave Nord and our Executive Vice President and CFO, Bill Sperry. Hubbell announced its second quarter results for 2019 this morning. The press release and earnings slide materials have been posted to the Investor section of our Web site at www.hubbell.com. Please note that our comments this morning may include statements related to the expected future results of our company, and are forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Therefore, please note the discussion of forward-looking statements in our press release and consider it incorporated by reference into this call. In addition, comments may also include non-GAAP financial measures. Those measures are reconciled to the comparable GAAP measures, and are included in the press release and the earnings slide materials. Now let me turn the call over to Dave.
Dave Nord: Okay. Thanks, Dan Thanks. Good morning, everybody. And thanks for joining us this morning. I appreciate the time. We know it's a busy day. You can see from our project press release that it was another quarter of strong earnings growth, and particularly strong free cash flow generation. Continue to feel confident about our market position and our ability to deliver differentiated results over the short and long-term. Now, before I get into the results for the quarter and a little more color on that, obviously, a few things, updates, since the last time we spoke to you a quarter ago, particularly organizationally. First, you heard Dan leading office call, as many of you know really had another opportunity outside of Hubbell, so she moved on. But one of many things that she accomplished was building a good team. We're fortunate that we had Dan joining our team a little over a year ago. So he's had a year to get very familiar with Hubbell and all that we have to offer. And I know some of you've had interacted with him. And he's obviously had some great training in the market before coming here. So we're glad to have him on the team. We also named a new VP, General Counsel, Katie Lane. Katie is also evidence of the strong team that we've built over the last 14, 15 years. She joined us a little over 14 years ago, and had worked in the number of positions in the organization, including as General Counsel for the Commercial Industrial Business, and then came up as the Assistant General Counsel. So we welcome Katie into the senior management team here. More significantly, you noted that we promoted Gerben Bakker to President and Chief Operating Officer. Gerben has done a great job leading our Power segment over the last four years. And as I tell the team regularly, the reward for success is higher expectations. And so we took Gerben into a role to help us drive some of the things that we are really starting to get traction on around our operating performance. Certainly, his experience and the results that he has demonstrated within the Power segment are going to be very valuable at the Hubbell level. His responsibilities include oversight in the four group presidents, as well as our operations more broadly. Some of you have met our VP of Operations, Susan Huppertz. Her role hasn't changed. She remains remain focused on our footprint optimization initiative where we're making strong progress. And as I told Susan, she now has another strong advocate in the senior ranks to support what we're doing there. Obviously, Gerben moving out of Power segment was big shoes to fill. And so we pointed Allan Connolly to replace Gerber as President of the Power segment. As many of you recall, Allan joined us as part of the Aclara acquisition, and he played an instrumental role in building Aclara up and executing on their strategy over the four years prior to our acquisition, as well as in our successful integration and performance over the past year. We're excited for Allan taking on the broader role at Hubbell, and continue executing on our T&D strategy, where you'll see from the ongoing strong performance here, we continue to build on that strong competitive position. So, a lot happening within the organization, lot of good things, all setting us up for continued success in the future. So let me turn to the second quarter now, and some of the highlights from my perspective. And I'll start on Page 3 on the slide deck. Obviously, our T&D stands out as being stronger than our initial expectations with acceleration in demand as the year has progressed and strong performance. The Electrical side things are a little more mixed with some markets performing strongly, other software, which we'll talk about specifically in a couple of slides. Certainly, on the margin front, continue to actively manage price costs across the portfolio, and navigating effectively through somewhat uncertain environment. Free cash flow remains a critical aspect of our story, and we're tracking above our initial expectations for 2019, driven by continued working capital improvement, particularly around inventory reduction. And we continue to make strong progress on this initiative. We've ramped up our footprint consolidation efforts in the second quarter with more to come in the second half. We laid out at the beginning of the year it's a multiyear story, and we're anticipating driving visible earnings contribution and free cash flow generation, regardless of the macro environment. We also continue to aggressively improve our operational capabilities, talent and processes. Finally, our strong first half results position us well to taking on our full year EPS expectations. We're slightly more cautious around top-line trends, at least in our Electrical business than we might have been a quarter ago. But we have certainly a solid visibility into continued strength in our power business in the second half, and we're executing well on margins across the portfolio. So this gives us confidence to tighten our full-year commitment, so we're very confident in our ability to deliver on them. Just a couple of other, I'd like to add a couple of other operating accomplishments in the quarter. We won four of 12 annual awards given out by a key distributor partner; the gas business won an award for market development excellence; lighting won an award for service excellence; and Power won two regional awards for supplier of the year, that's just with one key distributor partner. Power won the diamond excellent award from a key customer for the support during the worst storm in that customer's history. Construction energy team won an award for exceptional efforts with United Way in raising donations, some of our efforts in community service. And the commercial industrial new product launches position us as the supplier of choice in the key entertainment vertical. So just a couple of key highlights, obviously, off to a good start. But let me turn it over to Bill and he can give you a little more detailed color on the results, Bill.
Bill Sperry: Thank you, Dave. Good morning, everybody. Good to be with you all. I'll start on Page 4 and echo some of Dave's comments strong financial performance by Hubbell in the quarter, evidenced by double digit growth in earnings and double digit growth in free cash flow generation year-to-date. I think the two most standout drivers of underlying performance were; number one, solid execution; and number two, strengthened balance in the product portfolio. On the execution side, you saw really good price cost management, which allowed us and led to expanding operating profit margins. You saw increased investment in restructuring, which we think sets us up for margin expansion next year and beyond. And you saw strong inventory management, which really helps underlying some of what Dave said about the organizational design changes, as well as what can really help us get free cash flow generating. The strength and balance in the portfolio was really evidenced, and we'll talk about some of the markets on the next page. But you saw some weak oil but strong gas. That strong gas is the result of some business development work that we've done over the last several years where we've really built an impressive main to meter business in attractive market that we didn't have before. Where commercial might have had some weakness, we have the utility strength that Dave was talking about. So good balance in that portfolio. And the results financially is that our model is working in deploying operating leverage throughout the system. So you see 3% sales growth driving 5% OP growth, driving 11% earnings per share growth. So we like when the model works that way. On Page 5, let's talk a little bit about some of that mix at markets that Dave talked about. You see 3% growth overall to $1.2 billion of sales. Most of that is priced. So it's reasonably flat outside of the price. And you see some real trade-offs. Notably, you see in the oil and gas in the middle there, you'll see some weak oil. There was some lumpiness of projects that weren't implemented in the second quarter, leading to some softness there. I will say we've got some backlog and expect second half improvement from the oil business. But the counterbalance gas really experienced some very strong demands from the gas utility customers and the need to put in last mile components and the distribution infrastructure. On the non-res side, you can see how the Reno and relight is reasonably flat. New construction growing modestly. We think we experienced some of our businesses slightly less well than that where we had evidence and saw evidence of some de-stocking throughout the channel. We have some instances where we have insight into point-of-sale data, and we can see where that de-stocking happened throughout the second quarter. And we expect that condition to improve a little bit in the second half. But as Dave highlighted, the Electrical transmission and distribution markets really gave us some robust growth. On the distribution side, we certainly see of utility customers improving performance of their grid networks through capital programs. And on the transition side, we saw some of our larger customers implementing projects that help drove that. So the net result of all that with price and some mix markets there was an organic growth of 3%. On Page 6, you'll see adjusted operating income rose 5% to $185 million. There is 40 points of margin expansion in there, which is a quite welcome new. The margin expansion really being driven by the price cost management that the team implemented. And it's worth noting that we absorbed about 40 basis points of footprint optimization cost there. So had we chosen to just harvest, I think you'd have seen more margin expansion. But it underlies how important we feel it is to take advantage of some of that footprint investing, and we'll talk about that in a couple of pages. On the earnings side, you see 11% growth to $2.31 adjusted earnings per share. While taxes did contribute to that, as you see, our effective tax rate moved from of a high 23s last year to about 22% this year with some discrete items helping. Really about two-thirds of that profit improvement came from the operating side of business. So good contribution there from the core. Starting on Page 7, I wanted to switch and breakdown our performance between our two segments, and we'll start with Electrical. So you'll see sales of $688 million, modest organic growth that was offset by some FX with a strong dollar. Price was quite good in the quarter. And so you can see the result where the units were soft. Some of the softer areas included the oil, which we mentioned the weakness that we saw there. But again with some backlog, we're expecting that to improve a little bit in the second half. The commercial businesses were reasonably soft as well, and -- but we talked about some of the destocking we thought that was contributing to that, that may improve a little bit in the second half slightly as well. So the operating income declined 50 basis points. You see 13.6%, $94 million. The increased footprint expense more than drove that. So again, ex the restructuring, we would have seen margin expansion in Electrical despite the very flat sales, because of the effective price cost management that we've been pulling through there. Page 8, we switch to the Power segment, really, really nice quarter by our power systems team. You can see 6% growth to $508 million of sales. Importantly, there's balance there between our legacy power systems business and Aclara, each contributing 7% organic to that performance. And we really do have a lot of things going right in the power systems segment here. Number one, there's market demand. We think the utilities are upgrading their systems and implementing transmission projects. We think we're very well-positioned given that demand with our skew breadth reputation for high quality products and having the right price. And so, it feels to us that we're getting our fair share of that market demand given that our value proposition fits very well with supporting our customers in providing safe, reliable and affordable power to their customers. And so the sales side is quite good and you can see the operating leverage again down and operating income, where our operating profit increased 16% to $91 million and margin expansion of $150 basis points. You really have both levers working nicely. One is you got the higher volumes leveraging the fixed cost. And you've got price cost benefit, where the team is making up for getting a little bit behind last year are based on the inflation they were experiencing. So, the result is quite attractive, incremental margins and the nice high growth quarter. So good performance by power. Page 9, we get to the free cash flow generation for the year-to-date period, the first six months of the year. You can see about a 50% increase to $162 million. That performance was really driven with higher income, and as well working capital improvement. You saw both on the receivables side and the inventory side. So we're quite happy with this cash flow performance. We feel like it puts us ahead of schedule and reaching our 2019 full year targets. And in fact we had set out a 2020 target for you all a while ago that some of you have mentioned recently, which is getting to $500 million of free cash flow in 2020. You may remember that we did about $420 million last year. So it'd be really good to try to push here and get halfway between and get up to $450 million, $460 million of cash flow this year. You'll see that we talked about free cash flow typically historically in terms of conversion ratio of reported net income. Our reported net income this quarter was burdened by a non-cash pension charge. And so that conversion ratio went up without actually generating any more cash flow. So we felt its little more insightful maybe to tie it to adjusted net income. And we think we'll do better than a 100% of adjusted net income. And really this cash flow is helping our balance sheet lever. As you all know, we took on some acquisition debt in February of last year. We had debt-to-EBITDA of over 2 times back in February then. We've got it down now to 2.5 times. We've also built up our cash position. So our net debt-to-EBITDA is at around 2 times. And so I think this puts us squarely back in the balance sheet position to support the acquisition program that you all I think got to know us pretty well for namely, adding on those $40 million-ish, $50 million-ish acquisitions, and do a few of those each year. And I'd expect us in the second half of 2019 to return to that program. On Page 10, I wanted to add a little context to the footprint optimization. And Dave talked about Susan's and Gerben's partnership here. But we're talking about it over this year and next year, investing about $60 million. We expect 30 of that to be invested this year. And the idea would be to take out about a million square feet, or roughly 10% of our footprint of manufacturing and warehouse space. This year, you can see we've got 10 active projects on the list, trying to get about half way to that million square foot two year goal, get about 500,000 out this year. And really the four largest projects are pretty indicative, two of them are closing out high cost northeast facilities. The other two are subscale facilities. And so we're able to take advantage where we have our common competencies and processes. And other facilities we can utilize the square footage that we've already got and have the effect of getting our sales per square foot up and our gross margins up. So we still think we have runway here. And in fact, we continue to build projects that we think have really attractive paybacks. And so I feel like this program will likely continue beyond 2020 as well. So with that discussion of the second quarter, I'm going to hand it back to Dave to give you comments on our outlook.
Dave Nord: Okay, thanks Bill. Turning to Page 11, just talk about throughout, we're seeing some mixed end markets. With puts and takes across the portfolio but net, our overall market growth was tracking in line with our initial expectations overall. We've tweaked down our growth expectations across a few of the Electrical end markets, but we now see stronger growth for the full year in T&D. This is driven primarily by our legacy power business, Aclara still expecting to be in the mid-single-digits for the year. So going around horn, the Electrical T&D now 3.5%, while it was 3% to 5% it was 2% to 4%. Non-res 1% to 3%, same as prior. The industrial 1% to 3%, down a little bit with some softness there. Oil and gas, 1% to 3%, down a little bit as we've seen weakness in the first half and then residential 0% to 2%, same as the prior. So when we look at our outlook, we have -- which I said earlier, we are reaffirming our net sales growth of approximately 4% to 6% with our end market growth of 2% to 3%, a wrap around impact of Aclara in the month -- little over a month, beginning of the year adding 1%. No additional acquisitions contemplated in that and of course the benefit of higher price realization. We've tightened our adjusted diluted earnings per share to $7.85 to $8.15, and that includes $0.40 of restructuring and related investment. And as Bill talked about, we're raising our expectations for full year free cash flow conversion to 100% of adjusted net income. Certainly, feel confident in our ability to continue generating strong cash flow. Turning to Page 13. So you put this all together in graft form, continue to expect strong growth from operations. With some -- what we've heard was non-fundamental headwinds, incremental restructuring and a higher tax rate, still driving us to our outlook of $7.85 to $8.15. So certainly off to a solid start in the first half, puts us well on track to achieve our full year commitments. We're well-positioned with differentiated results, focusing on execution in the near-term, while at the same time, positioning us for future long-term success. So with that, let me open it up to Q&A.
Operator: Thank you [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from the line of Christopher Glynn from Oppenheimer. Your line is now open.
Christopher Glynn: On the Electrical comments on the channel, just wondering if you could comment on with what you think is there, between the impact of channel adjustments versus end demand. And also your conviction on the kind of -- or maybe not conviction, but comment that the second-half destocking should improve versus view that maybe demand softening a little a little bit yet?
Dave Nord: Yes, I think that with some point of sale data, Chris, we can see where end customers are buying the product and the channel is not restocking it. And so that happens with some with some cross-sectional data that we have. We could see that throughout the second quarter, steady diet of that. And if you look for example at July orders in some of those lines of business, you can see a pick up there. So, that's kind of the basis, I would say, for us thinking that, that improves slightly. I'm not talking about a market inflection at all, Chris, little bit cautious about overall growth. But it feels like dynamic will help us a little bit with a little bit more Electrical growth in second half.
Christopher Glynn: And on the power margins, obviously, a nice performance and up nicely year-over-year versus the first quarter was down a few points year-over-year. Did mix or price cost really swing versus the first quarter, or just curious if that
Dave Nord: I think you saw a combination less of mix, but more of price cost kicking in, as well as you really do see the incrementals from higher growth in that business. So that really helps contribute.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Deepa Raghavan from Wells Fargo Securities. Your line is now open.
Deepa Raghavan: Hey a couple of questions from me, curious on your second half outlook and what's baked into the guide. It looks like the quarter outpaced your expectation, at least power wise with puts and takes elsewhere. And add to that the Q1 performance that was better than what you expected. Your guide really hasn't moved. So what are some of those incremental risks you're baking into second half that makes you keep the guide closer at the midpoint?
Dave Nord: Well, one of the things, Deepa, to keep in mind as a starting point is that our restructuring spend is a little more backend loaded. So I think we spent $0.16 in the first half, so that means we've got $0.24 to reach our target of $0.40 in the second half. So that's -- we thought it might be a little more ratable throughout the year. But to make sure that we're going to execute effectively, some things get deferred. So that's part of it. But Bill, you want to comment on that?
Bill Sperry: Yes, I think that that is the single largest factor. I think other than that, Deepa, there is maybe a little bit of caution on the Electrical volume side. And that is offset by some of the confidence we have in power. But there's no inflection or headwinds, or risks, or things like that that we see.
Deepa Raghavan: With regards to non-res and res outlooks, obviously, you didn't change it overall. But I have to assume, just given your Electrical commentary, there's probably little bit of puts and takes in there. So my question is more, does it feel like those end markets move more towards the high end or low end of range? And how was it different versus what you thought earlier?
Bill Sperry: Yes, I think the way when Dave went through the pie he kind of showed that we kind of kept the overall 2% to 3%. And that's really supported by stronger utility transmission distribution than we originally thought. And potentially at the lower end of both industrial, oil and gas, as well as some of the non-res. So the kind of nature -- the contributors to the pie change a little bit, but retain kind of the same level.
A - Dave Nord: And I would add, Deepa, that so I'd say probably when we started the year versus now, I think we felt that those two markets and our outlooks have a bit of conservatism in them. And now, I don't think it has quite the same level of conservatism. I think those are still solid outlooks. But I think they are probably more predictable of what we expect to see as the second half shakes out. So, that's probably the -- it hasn't changed, but the bias is probably more to the midpoint than at the high end.
Deepa Raghavan:
A - Bill Sperry: Yes, somewhere half point, Deepa.
Operator: Our next question from Robert McCarthy from Stephens. Your line is now open.
Robert McCarthy: Well, 10 years, give or take, so I going to actually to ask about that M&A charge from 2006 that was never disclosed, you just [indiscernible] for the patience as well. Who was that, what that you and Thomas, was that or what was the [indiscernible] open out on the call?
Dave Nord: Dj vu all over again
Robert McCarthy: Still not going to talk about it, okay. Well, you know I like pie, so let's go back to the pie. The first I would ask is, as you think about the non-residential overall low single-digit. Is there anything given you paused or just thinking about the prevailing macro and looking at institutional in terms of your relative mix of the portfolio that as you pause that perhaps we could be seeing a topping out here and is '20, and there is some concern over the longer-term?
Dave Nord: You know I would say as we parse through it, you start to see some strength in some of the public areas versus private, Rob. And really it's been the growth in non-res propelled by private. So that is a little bit interesting. We don't feel we have exposures specifically between institutional and commercial, and that swing us either way. I think the expansion is getting in the later innings. The spending is still at passing priority peaks. And so, it doesn't have the feel to us of a rollover as much as maybe some uneven low single-digit growth. So we think part of why we're putting some effort into, taking fixed costs out of our system to make sure we can get profit growth off of the low single-digit environment.
Robert McCarthy: Okay, that's fair. The second question is just around lighting over the long-term. How do you think about, whether you are going to be continue to invest in that business? Do you think you have to think about being a net seller, do you think about exiting JV-ing? Or do you think it's a core business that you want grow over the longer term?
Dave Nord: Well, I think we certainly made a lot of progress in this business through some heavy lifting over the last few years. And we think there's still more opportunity to go in that business. Obviously, the market is sometimes not supportive of that. I think right now, it is. And we're certainly committed to continue to drive improvement in that business. So, it's been a important part of our portfolio and part of our strategy, and being important to our channel partners. That said, that like all of our business, always under review as its long term fit in our portfolio. But I think weve put a lot of effort into it, and I think theyve been performing. And we certainly can see more opportunity on the upside for improvement in performance in that business.
Bill Sperry: And we saw, just to add some detail underneath that, Rob. We experienced some modest growth in lighting in the quarter. It was really price, so quite modest volume. The volume was even shifted a little towards resin and away from C&I. But the business got price above material cost, such as the second quarter in a row of that I mean -- and a good sign of what Dave's kind of describing in terms of general health of the business and maybe running up lower volume higher margin business there.
Robert McCarthy: The last question is on power. Obviously, good new story particularly today and the performance. How do you think about your cash generation there versus the overall company over the longer term? And what are some of your targets that even improve that cash generation? Give me some sense of how you expect conversion to play out there over the longer term time?
Dave Nord: The power business is a good cash generator. They're actually quite efficient in inventory days, They've got some high turning product and some made to order made to engineer product and so -- and an efficient footprint. Their CapEx tends to be in line and generates a lot of productivity. So the yield on the CapEx is very good. So I would say within the power business, the size of the margins and sales growth that you saw, the cash generation is quite good too.
Operator: Next question is from Jeff Sprague from Vertical Research. Your line is now open.
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning, guys. It's Brett jumping in for Jeff here. I just want to come back to the restructuring and the big quarter in terms of investment. How does that spend feather through the balance of the year? And then similar on savings. How much of that 30 drop, $30 million drops, in 2019 and how that looked in Q2 and for the balance of the year?
Bill Sperry: So as Dave was doing in sense. If I did it in dollars, we're going to spend $30 million this year. We've invested $11 million of the $30 million. So we still have two-thirds, as Dave was described it as backend loaded. Those projects that will do that spending have already started and initiated. So it's not a question of things on the planning board. And the savings are coming through in some of the projects in the two year range. And so you'll see that we would expect over -- of the $30 million we're spending this year, we're anticipating getting $15 million of savings maybe not all in 2020 that might be spread into 2021. And we would have a similar profile of savings for the next 30 that we would spend in 2020. And so, I'd also say to the extent if Rob's question around is there somehow some softening coming that's a little more pronounced. I do think we would probably respond with some more restructuring and take more costs out if that kind of market condition were to prevail.
Unidentified Analyst: And then just as a follow up, specific to the actual investment. How's that layer through Q3, Q4 just in terms of modeling purposes?
Bill Sperry: About $10 million a quarter, I think you can split it about evenly.
Unidentified Analyst: And then just shifting over to Aclara. What are the expectations for the balance of the year in terms of revenue? And then in terms of the returns on that investment how are those trending as you look at the -- as you anniversary here in the first quarter?
Bill Sperry: I would say that the first thing to note in the quarter was the balance growth between Aclara and legacy power systems, both at 7% organic. And to us, that's a very good sign of customer acceptance in the view that the Hubbell Power segment is providing a broader set of skews now to our utility customers. So we think that that's quite good news. The margins coming out -- and we would expect that to continue for the second half of the year. The margin since we've owned Aclara have been double-digits versus you see the legacy business is high double-digit. And that's been dragged down by the fact that we've had some difficult installation contracts and by the fact that our mix has been skewed more towards meters and away from the communications devices. And so as you talk about returns where we're going to see really positive equity story type returns, we'll come as the communications, the smart grid communications, sales crossover from the traditional Aclara customer, which has been the muni and co-op customer into the investor-owned utilities that's the core Hubbell power systems. And that sales cycle is going to take us a couple of years to get there. So that those -- having that it was kind of outsized equity returns, I think, is still in front of us awaiting that sales cycle to come to fruition. I would say, as we monitor that sales cycle, we're quite encouraged by the meetings that we get, we're quite encouraged by the customer feedback that we get. And the products that we've got seems to be -- it seems to be -- our expectations are quite high for what will happen as we go forward.
Operator: Next question comes from Steve Tusa from JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Steve Tusa: Can you just talk about the non-resi environment that you're out there? There's been talk of a few project push outs, and the economy is a bit choppy. So anything on that front that's surprise to the downside at all?
Dave Nord: No, I'm certainly not going to use that word that you used, I've banded. But I think we have seen certainly some project delays. I think that's created a little bit of volatility in the order book or release of orders. But certainly for the rest of this year, it seems like things are pretty solid. Again, not at the same growth levels that we -- the high end of our growth levels that we might have anticipated going into the year. But it's too early to determine what that means beyond this year for sure. But as Bill mentioned, we're certainly not at peak levels. So while we maybe in later innings, there's a question about how much longer and we don't see any storm clouds out there, if you will.
Steve Tusa: And then lastly just on freight cost, I don't know if you guys talked about this, I missed kind of the first part of the call. But what do you think for the second half in price costs?
Bill Sperry: So we think the pricing environment stays intact. So we've got a couple points there of price. It's interesting as the second half comes, Steve. One of the more important commodities for us is steel, as you know. We're starting to see and expect some tailwinds from steel. And yes, we still have an inflationary materials expectation. So a lot of our components are still experience inflation, some of the resin side and others. And so as some of those pricing increases that we pulled, start to get lapped, I think we -- instead of that being a headwind, we're going to get helped by the commodity tailwind that will fill that that back in. So I think we'll see a steady contribution from price cost, even though the components are a little bit different.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We have Nigel Coe from Wolfe Research. Your line is now open. 
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning guys. This is Bhupender here sitting in for Nigel. So just want to touch on Steve's question here on price costs. Could you give some color on Electrical versus power? How the -- I believe you gave some color on like the lighting business here for the price cost. Could you give some color on Electrical and Power businesses? Thanks.
Bill Sperry: Yes, Power was a little bit above that point we cited in the quarter and Electrical a little bit below that. The first quarter was actually the opposite dynamic. Electrical contributed a little bit more. I think for the second half, we'd expect power to be at the higher end of the half point we talked about and Electrical a little bit below that as well.
Unidentified Analyst: And just moving onto the pie chart here, the end market stuff you talked about. What actually drove the T&D strength? And could you talk about, like if that's sustainable like in the second half?
Bill Sperry: We think it is sustainable. We think that for our addressable markets, the largest contributor is the distribution that last mile and that spending was the strongest. It tends to be systems hardening and upgrades. They tend to be in CapEx, capital projects. And so as we look at orders and we look at backlog, and we talk to customers that does feel sustainable throughout the second half. The transmission side is a little bit smaller than the distribution. That's been driven by the fact that some of our largest customers are doing some projects. So that's helped move the needle. And the visibility on those projects also is pretty good. And so the second half feels very sustainable in terms of -- and that's why we really raised on the pie, why we raised the T&D growth outlook.
Unidentified Analyst: And my last question here on the -- Dave, you mentioned about the -- I think, you gave some color on the orders here for the non-resi side. You believe there were some delays here. Could you just give us some kind of cadence through the quarter, like in terms of order? And what you are thinking or seeing in July in terms of daily order patterns here? Thanks.
Dave Nord: I mean, the orders in the Electrical segment overall, have been lumpy. It depends -- we've -- and it's hard to really determine what's underlying demand over a short period of time, because you've had this issue of inventory in the channel and a little bit of destocking. And so in some of the businesses, you saw -- you might have seen a weak June -- May, June, and then it turns back up in July. So I think that, from our standpoint, is evidence of some of that destocking coming into play and timing. On other side, if you are on a project business, some of those project businesses have some lower order rates until those projects release. All indications are that they are going to release. It's just that they've been pushed out a bit. Obviously, there is always the risk that they don't. But we're not seeing that. We're not hearing that, right now.
Unidentified Analyst: Are you seeing those in the oil and gas? I mean, like oil was weak in the quarter. Is that something you would point to?
Bill Sperry: Yes, I think, we -- those projects, as Dave's word of lumpy, is even quite applicable there, where some of the backlog we think will get spent there in the second half.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] I'm showing no further questions. I would like to turn the call back over.
Dan Innamorato: Thanks operator. That concludes today's conference call. We will be around for the rest of the day if you have any questions, and we'll available for calls. Thanks for joining us.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-04-30 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. Ladies and gentlemen, my name is Jerome, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the first quarter 2019 results conference call. [Operator Instructions]. Thank you. Now it's my pleasure to hand the call over to your host, Ms. Maria Lee, Treasurer and Vice President Investor Relations. The floor is yours.
Maria Lee: Great. Thank you. Good morning, everybody, and thanks for joining us. I'm joined today by our Chairman, President and CEO, Dave Nord; and our Senior Vice President and CFO, Bill Sperry. Hubbell announced its first quarter results for 2019 this morning. The press release and earnings slide materials have been posted to the Investor section of our website at www.hubbell.com. Please note that our comments this morning may include statements related to the expected future results of our company and are forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Therefore, please note, the discussion of forward-looking statements in our press release and consider it incorporated by reference into this call. In addition, comments may also include non-GAAP financial measures. Those measures are reconciled to the comparable GAAP measures and are included in the press release and the earnings slide materials. Now let me turn the call over to Dave.
David Nord: All right. Thanks, Maria. Thanks, everybody. Good morning. I know it's a busy morning this morning. It appears that April 30 is a very -- has become a very popular date from when we first decided to move our earnings out. So I want to make sure that we get through the stuff, we have a lot of good things to talk about, so try and get through briefly and as we can to allow time for some of your other commitments. You can see it from our press release this morning. We had another quarter of strong earnings growth and free cash flow generation. I certainly feel confident about our market position, and our ability to deliver differentiated results over the long-term.  Couple of key items in the first quarter, let me talk to, and I'm on page 3 of the slide deck that we sent out. As I mentioned, first and foremost, strong organic growth with end market steady, growing modestly. Most of our end markets were up in the quarter, with particular strength in the industrial, gas distribution and electrical T&D.  Importantly, in one of the key topics we talked about, certainly, for the second half of last year was around pricing. And our pricing actions continue to gain traction. And we've turned the corner on price cost, which was a net positive for us in the quarter after being a headwind throughout all of 2018.  We're actively managing price across the portfolio and remain focused on completing in areas where we can offer differentiated value and earn attractive returns. This is particularly true in Lighting where we're starting to see the hard work Kevin and his team has put into his business over the last several years and really is starting to pay off. True overall, but especially in Lighting.  As we said in the past, we remain disciplined in not chasing after low-margin business and are comfortable with the tradeoff that entails on the buying side. And some of that is a result of the efforts that we started to put focus on last year in the breadth of our SKU offering and really taking a much more disciplined look into all of our, and particularly our lower profitable SKUs, and determining whether we could raise price, lower costs. And if we couldn't do either of those to get the margins to an acceptable level, we would discontinue those products. And we have that as an ongoing effort. And so that is going to -- at some periods of time and some businesses and some product lines, will affect our volumes, but all for the good long term.  Aclara. Another highlight for the quarter. Revenues were strong in the quarter, driven by continued strength in customer demand. Although the mix was little less favorable than we had anticipated, which we'll talk about in more detail later. Certainly, customer acceptance of the acquisition surpassed our expectations 1 year into the deal. And Aclara continues to fill the backlog and pipeline with new business. We expect this highly visible backlog and pipeline to drive some strong revenue and operating profit growth over the next several years as we execute on our longer-term strategy, the increased penetration of large IOU customers of Aclara Technologies and Solutions, and we're certainly well positioned to do so.  Free cash flow. On the free cash flow front, we're off to a strong start to the year. Certainly, are much stronger than we typically are and much stronger than we were in the first quarter of last year, which puts us well on track to achieve our full year commitments.  Our balance sheet is strong, and we're well positioned to start putting it back to work to accretive bolt-on acquisitions. We'll talk a little bit more about that later. We've made initial progress on our previously announced footprint consolidation and plan to ramp up our investment in the second and third quarter. As we laid out last quarter, this is a multi-year story, which we anticipate driving visible earnings growth and free cash flow generation, regardless of the macro environment. We're also continuing to work aggressively to improve our operational capabilities, talent and processes. Still in early days of the journey, but we expect continued improved productivity and working capital management to drive our ongoing improvement in both operating margins and free cash flow.  And lastly, we're reaffirming our full year expectations for adjusted earnings per share of $7.80 to $8.20 per share and free cash flow conversion of, at least, 110% of reported net income. We're confident we're on our way -- well on our way to a solid start with our results in the first quarter. And while there's still a lot of work to do in front of us in terms of our footprint, we believe, we're well positioned to execute and deliver on our commitments.  Just as I'd like to do a couple of key accomplishments in the quarter in different businesses on the construction and energy side, our continental business which is our gas distribution, the core of our gas distribution business. They won an award from a major national customer for 0 defects in the year. And that's the first plastic supplier that they've had to ever accomplish this. Our commercial and Industrial business, the wiring systems business was named vendor of the year in last year in 4 major customers. The Lighting business was awarded Plant Engineering magazine Product of the Year awards for Power Hub and the Peloton High Bay light fixture. And most notable, Aclara was named the #2 vendor by Navigant Research in field area network applications for electric utilities. A very significant recognition of the capabilities that they have built and the opportunities and confirms what we see as the opportunities for that business in the market. So all a lot of good things going on, but let me turn it over the Bill, and he can take you through some of the details in the financials for the quarter. Bill?
William Sperry: Thanks, Dave. Good morning, everybody. Thank you all for joining. Dave gave you the highlights from pages 3 and 4. I'm going to start on page 5 where we break down our end market performance. And as you can see, the end markets are continuing to provide a constructive backdrop, driving our financial performance. Of the 10% sales growth to achieve over $1 billion of sales in the quarter, 5 points of that were organic. So nice strong organic performance, and if we disaggregate that into its individual end markets. To talk a little bit about nonres for a second, we've got three lines of business with exposure in nonres, all of them seeing growth ranging between the low- to mid-single digits I think consistent with third-party data on momentum there. So positive story for nonres.  Industrial, it's been a highlight from the quarter. Heavy being a little bit stronger than light for us. And again, consistent with some third-party data where we see industrial production and manufactured goods and durable goods showing some good strength.  On the oil and gas side, we do see a little bit of mixed performance there. On the oil side, despite having constructive energy cost in terms of price per barrel of oil, our exposure there being, just to remind everybody, more in the upstream, we prefer offshore content versus nonshore, and that oil piece was [indiscernible] for the first quarter. And I think in contrast to gas business where we saw quite strong demand, strong shipments. We're seeing both maintenance as well as new conversions to gas on buildings driving demand there for the last months on the gas side.  Within electrical T&D, distribution a little bit stronger than transmission, but a lot of the order activity and quoting that we're seeing bodes well for transmission and distribution as we look out as well.  On the resi side, we think that we were impacted by some prebuys in the fourth quarter there. And yes, we see the resi market hanging in there low single digits. So kind of, again, across-the-board, very constructive end market, given us 5% organic growth in the first quarter. Page 6. We'll switch to talking about our profit performance, and you can see adjusted operating income increase by 6% to $139 million. The margin is at 12.8% compared unfavorably to last year by 40 basis points. And as Dave highlighted, we had very successful execution on the pricing front that was quite broad effort shared by across both segments, Electrical and Power and across all the business units. And we believe that, that price overcame inflation that we experienced in the form of tariffs as well as material inflation and it added about 0.5 of margin to us. And so we're still seeing on the material side, although not all lost but as a basket we're still operating in net inflationary environment there. That 0.5 point of contribution though was absorbed by the impact from the acquisition contributing a lower margin than average, and thus creating some headwind.  On the earnings per diluted share side, you see a 4% increase to $1.57 and that -- those earnings had to absorb a higher effective tax rate in the first quarter. We had EGR around 24.7% in the quarter versus last year in the low 21% range. We do expect that to be in our guidance of around 23.5% for the year. But that created a little bit of headwind for EPS the operating side, stronger than the EPS performance as indicated there. Page 7. Let's switch to breaking down that performance into our 2 segments, and we'll start with Electrical. You can see sales increase of 2% to $630 million, with FX creating a point of headwind. So organic growth of 3%, to which price with very large components. And in terms of where the growth came from business units that were helping drive growth included gas area, industrial particularly on the heavy side than commercial construction is. Harsh & Hazardous which is exposed to the oil market that we talked about would have been example of lower growth area. They were actually down. So they would really drag that number down a little bit.  When we look at the operating income there, impressive, 11% increase on that sales growth and a noteworthy 90 basis points of margin expansion to 11.8%. Solid execution of pricing strategy across all 3 operating groups in the Electrical segments. We had solid execution on the productivity front as Dave had referred to, and we certainly have adopted not wanting to chase volumes for volume sake. And as Dave highlighted, some of that SKU rationalization work combined with some of that pricing work really helped drive very strong performance in Electrical. We typically shared with you Lighting performance typically within the segment. Lighting business grew at 2%. There was balance between the resi and commercial and industrial has in the business. Lighting, too, executed on price, which is quite good news for us. They covered both the tariffs and material inflation experience to have a positive price cost, and we were able to expand margins after solid contributions from Lighting into the segment. Page 8. We talk about the Power segment results, and you'll see strong growth at 23% increase in sales in the first quarter to $457 million. Aclara was the largest contributor to that growth. You'd see we refer to organic as well as acquisitions. So Aclara was an acquisition for the 1 month of January as we closed on it on February 2. So January incremental acquisition month, which we added drove 14% of 23%. And they also were big contributor of the organic during February and March, as Dave highlighted, customer acceptance there, very strong demand of the product very strong. And so as well, we saw on the legacy side, domestic distribution was a growth driver. But the legacy business also had some difficult compares from strong volume, strong last year as well as some softness on the international side.  On the performance front in terms of operating income, we saw 2% growth to $65 million. Margins at 14.2% were down from last year. And again, a similar story for the company there. We executed well on the pricing strategy, and we got price to be above tariffs as well as material inflation, but that was absorbed by including Aclara, which contributed lower margins to the average and brought the margin down. The Aclara has pronounced seasonality in the first quarter as they have done historically. They plan the year to include that seasonalities stronger than other businesses of ours where weather impacts the installation productivity on the one side as well as the timing of shipments, which impacts the mix. And so, we anticipate that will normalize in the balance of the year, and that's the better seasonality they have which we see here. Turning to Page 9. free cash flow which Dave had highlighted. A comparison year-over-year here between 2018/2019 is exaggerated by some of the onetime outflows we experienced last year resulting from the Aclara acquisition as well as some tax reform items. There's about $25 million, you recall, from last year of those onetime items. But even adjusting for that, an impressive increase. I think it's also constructive to think about how much, on average, we tend to see of our annual cash flow in the first quarter. And seasonally, the first quarter is always our lowest. And so it's very positive for us to see this level as a much higher percentage of what we expect for full year contribution.  So it's good to feel ahead on the free cash flow fronts. And despite driven by, obviously, the higher net income, but really what's helping is the working capital improvement, and we really working hard across-the-board between receivables and payables. But I think the area that is consuming the most effort on our part is on the inventory side. And just continuing to drive our days down there and we continue to get a good cash flow conversion. So certainly, we feel good about being on track to that 110% net income for the full year. And the team is working very hard to do better than that. And that certainly helps drive some of the capital structure considerations, which I'll ask Maria to share with you.
Maria Lee: Thanks, Bill. Capital structure on page 10. Our balance sheet remains strong. We ended Q1 with $205 million of cash and $50 million of commercial paper outstanding. During the quarter, we paid down amortization on our term loan as well as funded the dividend, invested $23 million of CapEx and bought back $10 million worth of shares. Our four tranches of senior notes have favorable rates in the low to mid 3% range and have maturities that are will spread out to the next in 2022.  Our net debt-to-cap ratio is healthy at 42%, and our leverage in terms of gross debt-to-EBITDA is about 2.5x. This is down from more than 3x a year ago pro forma for the Aclara acquisition. On a net basis, debt-to-EBITDA is about 2x. We feel confident in our ability to continue managing our leverage given our cash generation and repatriation potential. Importantly and consistent with our long-standing growth strategy, we believe our balance sheet is in solid shape to support bolt-on acquisitions near term. Now I'll turn the call over to Dave to talk about the outlook.
David Nord: Okay. Thanks, Maria. So on page 11, talking about our end-market outlook for the year, our dynamics there are pretty steady. We continue to see low-single digit growth, overall. The one change here is a little tweaking down of the oil and gas. Originally, we had said 3% to 5%, keep it down to 2% to 4%, mainly given the softness we saw particularly in oil in the first half, not on the gas side. But again, we expect some pickup in that in the second half. So -- and gas should be good for us and remaining strong throughout the year.  As we talked about before, we do think there's some level of trade-off between price and volumes. And so while we typically target outgrowing our markets, we're happy to grow in line, at least near term, at more attractive margins with the market. But this is something we're going to continue to actively manage throughout the year. I'm very confident in our ability to manage this and deliver on our commitments.  Turning to page 12 then on the outlook. As I said we're reaffirming our outlook for the full year where we continue to expect net sales growth of 4% to 6%, with end markets up low single-digit, acquisitions contributing a point and then price realization on top of that. I think that growth rate is very much consistent with what we saw recently in a survey of 200 electrical distributors. I think their forecast for the year was about 6% growth overall, which would include price. My experience says that they tend to be more positively biased. So I probably discount that by a point. But on the other side, we've got 200 electrical distributors who have -- really are on the ground and have a really good insight into what's happening. So I -- we take that as a fairly reliable source. Obviously, it would depend on different markets and product offerings. But I think that all bodes well for, at least, the market for this year.  We continue to expect adjusted EPS of $7.80 to $8.20. That excludes intangible amortization of $1, and it -- but it does include $0.40 of restructuring and related investment. We expect to ramp up our restructuring-related investment in the second and third quarter. We laid out the framework for you last quarter, and we're reiterating those targets. We're well prepared to execute and excited about the initiative. We've started some. We'll see more initiated in the second quarter and throughout the summer. We'll update you over the next several quarters as we ramp up and make -- take actions that we then can communicate.  And obviously, on the cash flow front, we continue to expect free cash flow conversion of 110% of net income well on our way with the first quarter performance. And as Maria said, free cash flow is critical and positive aspect of our story as we execute on our working capital initiatives, and use that positive cash flow to reinvest in the business, and reinvest in other businesses.  So we put that all together on in a graph format on page 13. You see, we reaffirm our outlook with positive results year-over-year coming from operations. And I can't emphasize enough how strong we saw the operations in the first quarter, and the results that we put up overcame the less-than-favorable mix that we saw at Aclara as well as the tax headwind that we saw in the first quarter.  So really strong operating performance from the broad team. And so we'll manage through our footprint, our tax and expect to deliver consistently with what we've said so far this year. So with that, maybe I'll open it up to Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from the line of Nigel Coe from Wolfe Research.
Michael Metz: This is actually Michael on for Nigel. All right, could you just walk through how you guys are seeing the cadence for price/cost? We're kind of assuming that 1Q was toughest quarter. How do you see the remainder of the year?
William Sperry: Yes, I think Michael, we anticipate that we need to continue to pull price. And we had been pulling price off through last year. So that price eases actually as you get through the second half, you end up passing some of the pricing pieces that we'd implemented last year. On the second half of the equation, though, on the material side, particularly steel, which is the large raw material of ours, you'll start to see potentially some favorability, which creates, I think, the effects, you're seeing where you can end up with some contribution from that as the year progresses.
Michael Metz: Got you. That's helpful. And then just one more. On the Lighting spend, does this change your view at all on the Hubbell portfolio in its totality?
William Sperry: Well, look, we've been investing in lighting, as David mentioned, over the last several years. We've been taking some of their fixed costs out, been reorganizing the business. We've been investing in the front end on the agent side, and it's good to see those investments paying off right now, for sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Christopher Glynn from Oppenheimer.
Christopher Glynn: What about the comment of investing in agencies side of Lighting, can you talk a little bit about, specifically, what's going on there?
William Sperry: Well just over the last couple of years, we had added and strengthened our representation on the front end in specific markets in, for example, the Southeast, in the Midwest, not on the West Coast, Chris. So those are -- that's not new news, that's just yields on investments we've made over the last couple of years.
David Nord: But I think -- but importantly, Chris, that's something that Kevin and his team focused on one of the reasons that contributed to our underrepresentation was our inability to actually perform at a level that good agents were expecting. So the first was to get the operations in line and performing with the right product mix and the right service levels, which then made it easier for us to be able to convince good agents to move over to a good company with Hubbell Lighting.
Christopher Glynn: Sounds good. And then on Aclara, could you talk about the growth there a little bit? I'm curious about, obviously, your win rate is good, but curious about actual competitive displacements that you're seeing and share gain in that respect from Aclara? And how much of that is because Hubbell now owns them?
William Sperry: Yes, I think it's a little hard for us to attribute that other than anecdotally, I think, we've gotten a lot of really positive feedback from our core customers that they are happy that it's in our portfolio. Somebody who they value and trust in relationship with us and the quality of the products we provide and standing behind our products. So I do think there is some benefits there. But I think the -- and I'm not sure if there is displacement that we see, specifically. I do think that between that it will good for us and is to get more communication, higher-margin communication product into that mix, Chris. And I think that, that combines which you had in question where our traditional customers and those sell cycles are over a couple of years, right, if not over a couple of months or quarters. And that's what where we're looking forward to is the communication side of that growth catching up to the other side rather than some...
David Nord: Yes, Chris, I think one of thing that Bill just mentioned is on big projects, the sell cycle is a little longer. But I can tell you that there are examples at a smaller level ones that you wouldn't notice of where there's been benefit on the legacy Hubbell Power Systems in Aclara customers that we historically hadn't penetrated and vice versa, which is exactly the premise of the strategy for the acquisitions. Not only Hubbell is bringing the technology, but also bringing a comparable market presence that we can build on. So I think there's a lot of good things going on, but the big hits are going to come over time.
William Sperry: And that has a benefit of sitting in, Chris, on customer meetings where we have both Aclara senior management with Hubbell Power Systems senior management and as Dave said, it's a real powerful meeting that -- different than meetings that we used to have and either have. So I think there's a big complementary nature to that, that our customer base is favorably reacting to.
Christopher Glynn: And last one. It sounds like price cost favorability might widen a little bit with the steel factor there? You also have restructuring was a little lower in the first quarter, that's going to step up. Should those two -- as we think about the first quarter base, are those two kind of offsetting going forward? Or is it more the net restructuring kind of lifts off?
David Nord: I think it's the net restructuring that starts to pick up, Chris.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your next question comes from the line of Deepa Raghavan from Wells Fargo.
Deepa Raghavan: Good Q1. It looks like it was better than your expectations.
David Nord: Thank you.
Deepa Raghavan: The full year guidance was maintained, though. Just a question on that. How much of the full year guide being maintained is largely a function of historically maintaining guidance in April versus some of the incremental weakness you called out versus your prior expectations? Example, oil and gases, restructuring steps up, but generally if you can help me why the guide remains unchanged and some puts and takes that's helpful? And I have a follow-up.
David Nord: I'll give you the overall and Bill can weigh in on any specific puts and takes. But clearly, if you go back in history, we just don't change early in year. Because remember, we're largely a short-cycle business. So our visibility is somewhat limited. So we're relying on market expectations. And so we're always cautious going -- coming out of the first quarter. Certainly, our results in the first quarter gives me confidence that our guide is good. And as opposed to some periods in the past where we might not have had that level of confidence, but I think it's -- it would be premature to change anything, specifically, unless there's a major move in there, which we don't have.
William Sperry: Yes. I think, Deepa, if we were looking for what we learned in the first quarter, I think there was a couple of important learnings: one was the market strength hung in there; and two, that our pricing strategy had some traction. So I think that -- those things underline from the Dave's confidence that it feels good to be off to a good start.
Deepa Raghavan: Got it. Can you talk about how the quarter played out by months, if you can? And specifically, if you can address the momentum exiting the quarter and into April? Generally, how do you feel about start to the current quarter, that would be very helpful?
William Sperry: Yes, I'm not sure there's much significance to monthly analysis as the year went by, Deepa. I think January can be a distorted month for us. There was probably some pull forward in some of the tariff-sensitive areas in the fourth quarter that causes some softness in January that can also be affected by customer incentive. So I think as we analyze our results by month, we didn't draw much momentum conclusions month-to-month, but rather looked at the quarter as being a good contributor. We spent some time thinking about what the first quarter usually contributes from a sales OP and earnings perspective to the year, and it felt good to have reasonable comparisons there that we're not depending on a back end load or anything like that.
Deepa Raghavan: So you feel good about April so far? That's the read for me, right?
William Sperry: Yes, I think what we've seen is consistent with our outlook, yes.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. At this time, there are no questions on queue. Presenters, you may continue.
Maria Lee: Okay. Great. Thanks, everyone, for joining. This concludes today's call. Dan and I will be available following the call for question. So thanks, again, for joining us.
Operator: Thank you. And that concludes first quarter 2019 results conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q4  (2019-02-05 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Samantha and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Fourth Quarter 2018 Results Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Maria Lee. Please go ahead.
Maria Lee: Thanks, Samantha. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. I'm joined today by our Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer, Dave Nord; and our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Bill Sperry. Hubbell announced its fourth quarter and full-year results for 2018 this morning. The press release and earnings slide materials have been posted to the Investors section of our website at www.hubbell.com. Please note that our comments this morning may include statements related to the expected future results of our Company and are forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Therefore, please note the discussion of forward-looking statements in our press release and consider it incorporated by reference into this call. In addition, comments may also include non-GAAP financial measures. Those measures are reconciled to the comparable GAAP measures and are included in the press release and the earnings slide materials. Before I hand the call to Dave, I'd like to thank Steve Beers for his many contributions to Hubbell Investor Relations over the last three years. Steve will be moving on at Hubbell to be CFO of our Commercial and Industrial group. Going forward, Dan Innamorato will be the primary IR contact for Hubbell and lead all day-to-day IR activities. Congratulations to both Steve and Dan and best wishes for continued success in your new roles. Now, let me turn the call over to Dave.
Dave Nord: Okay. Thanks, Maria, and thanks, everybody, for joining us. I guess I'll have to second my -- the appreciation for Steve Beers for all of his efforts and we're really looking forward to his contribution in an operating role taking with him his three years of investor insights gained in dealing with the investor population. I think we found that to be a really good perspective to bring to the operating role. So good luck to you, Steve. We're going to talk a bit about our results for the fourth quarter and the full year as well as our outlook for 2019. Certainly, you can see from our press release this morning it's another quarter of strong earnings growth and particularly free cash flow generation for Hubbell. It certainly demonstrates our confidence in our market position and our ability to deliver differentiated results for investors over the short and long term. I'm going to start on Page 3 of the materials and follow through there. First on the fourth quarter, some of the key takeaways. Obviously another strong quarter of end market growth. All markets up again in the quarter across the board, particularly some major end markets; core industrial, outside plant communication, gas distribution; and what was particularly positive toward lighting is real stronger than anticipated, particularly on the residential side. And we expect this end market growth overall to continue into 2019. Our pricing actions have gained traction and acceptance in the market. Price realization was up nicely on a sequential basis from the third quarter as we continued to implement increases in the face of our increasing cost headwinds. Bill will take you through some of the details in just a minute. And even the lighting pricing was slightly positive, which I think is the first time since sometime in 2014. So, we're really pleased to see that. We certainly are confident in our ability to realize price and our businesses are intensely focused on recovering all cost increases, including recovering some of the headwinds we experienced in 2018. Just like in prior cycles, we expect this price/cost dynamic to flip in our favor once the inflationary dynamics settle. But in the near term, there's still some uncertainty particularly around tariffs and we'll talk more about that in a little bit, but we are certainly focused on fully offsetting all incremental headwinds with price in 2019 and we've seen some good traction as we exited the year and even as we start 2019. Aclara again performed well in the quarter and our integration remains on track. Revenues continue to be stronger than we initially expected, primarily driven by stronger meter demand and we see solid visibility to continue growth from a large backlog and project pipeline not just in meters, but also on AMI. Our free cash flow was certainly a highlight for the quarter and the full year. Our organization has been really focused on working capital. As you know, our working capital metrics have not been at the level that they should be and we'd like them to be and we know they can be and so we've been working very diligently on that, particularly around inventory reduction and that's paying off. And we continue to deploy capital as expected, maintaining healthy levels of CapEx and an attractive dividend while continuing to pay down debt and we were again back in the market to repurchase our stock in the fourth quarter. We're also announcing that we're increasing our investment in restructuring and the footprint optimization. I will walk you through the details of the plan later, but we view this as an important step in our journey to further improving our operational capabilities and delivering incremental value to shareholders as we focus on operating the Company more efficiently. Finally, we're initiating our 2019 guidance on an adjusted basis excluding all intangible amortizations not just related to Aclara. Our 2018 framework excluded only the Aclara related intangible amortization and acquisition cost. Now we've heard your feedback for a more simplified structure. We think our new adjusted EPS framework more closely reflects the fundamental operations and cash flow generating capabilities of our businesses and importantly, we believe we are guiding you to a high quality adjusted number, which continues to include restructuring even at elevated levels. There's a couple of other accomplishments in the quarter that I always like to highlight. Certainly on the Construction and Energy side and Lighting, one of our key distributors gives four awards every year on excellent service and we actually received two of those four, which is quite a testament to the capabilities when you can do that and take home half of the awards from a key distributor and a key national distributor. On the Commercial and Industrial side, wiring launched a intelligent pin and sleeve product, an improved version of their very popular product now allows wireless monitoring of six key attributes. RACO's Grand Slam Box won new product of the year at Electrical Construction & Maintenance Magazine. And our Power Systems continued to advance particularly on the Aclara side where they launched ZoneScan, an enhanced version of an acoustic leak detection system, key solution to help managing water loss. And I think from an innovation standpoint, trying to work more through the integration combining the Utility Automation business with the Aclara business to really focus and accelerate the development of our electric utility offering for distribution and substation automation in particular. And so with that, just some highlights, certainly a very strong quarter and a good finish to the year and setting up nicely for 2019. But I'm going to let Bill take you through some of the details and then I'll come back to provide some insights and guidance. Bill?
Bill Sperry: Yes. Thanks very much, Dave. Appreciate you all joining us here. Pleasure to be with you guys. Dave walked you through Pages 3 and 4 really in his comments. I'm going to start on Page 5, which deals with our sales and end markets for the fourth quarter of 2018 and you'll see a pattern here that's been consistent for the last couple of quarters, namely strong sales growth driven by demand really across a full range of the end markets that we are exposed to. So you see sales up 25% to $1.1 billion, largest driver of that 25% was acquisitions and the investment in our smart grid space through Aclara, but the organic of 5% is still strong. I think, noteworthy, see 2 points of price in that 5%. We'll talk through a little bit the price/cost dynamic as we go through our results this morning. I think noteworthy in the end markets to start at Industrial, strong demand across both light and heavy that we experienced in the fourth quarter. In oil and gas, our gas business which is really upstream in its exposure really saw continued very strong spending there. On the oil side, you see we transitioned to a yellow arrow, that's our Harsh & Hazardous business, that's really upstream exposure and in sympathy with the oil prices moderating down into the high $40s, we saw a little bit slower growth there on the Harsh & Hazardous oil side. Utility electrical transmission distribution, we experienced stronger distribution than transmission. I think that's quite a healthy dynamic. Smart grid and grid hardening continue to be driving spending there. And residential even though it's our smallest end market exposure, certainly worth calling out the growth that we've seen driven by single family more than multifamily, but we also feel that it has been -- our largest contributor too is our residential lighting product set. We feel there has been likely some pull forward in spending as some of those buyers appear to be getting their material before tariffs and the impact of price increases they may be expecting in the first quarter. Page 6, we talk about here our operating income and our earnings per share. Starting with OP, you will see 8% growth to $144 million. Margins were down about 190 basis points with price/cost drag being the largest contributor to that. Dave mentioned that in his comments. But if you really disaggregate that throughout the year, we experienced accelerating material inflation through each sequential quarter of the year, larger cost inflation in each quarter than the previous one. We hold price in response to that and our price in each quarter that we realized also accelerated sequentially and the gap between price and cost narrowed each quarter. So, that's an important setup to have when we guide you for 2019 how we see things. I think importantly for us, we ended the fourth quarter with pulling about 2 points of price realization, which is about what we need for next year. So, I think that's setting up well as we exit '18 even though that has been a challenge on our margins for the year. Earnings per share up 15% at $1.72. Higher income and lower taxes really helped pushing that forward, partially offset from interest expense as we took on some debt to finance the Aclara acquisition and Dave mentioned we did repurchase some shares so we have a small contribution from a lower share count. So, let's transition to talking now about our two reporting segments; Electrical and Power. And on Page 7, we will start with the Electrical segment. You'll see growth at 5% on the sales side, $667 million in the quarter. All of that growth being organic, no acquisitions in the Electrical segment in 2018, 2 points of price embedded in that 5%. So, again that's an important number as we think about entering 2019. The lines of business that really contributed most impressively to the growth included residential lighting, our heavy industrial businesses, and gas; really our lead growers within Electrical. On the OP side, we see margins were down 130 basis points driven by price material dynamics that we discussed. And on the cost side, we continue to have the opportunity to take some extra cost actions in the fourth quarter and slightly increase investment in R&D on the IoT side, Dave made mention of some products coming out that have some of that new technology. So, we think those both are important investments to drive future margin. We usually give some commentary on the Lighting business on this page as well. The Lighting business grew in the mid-single digits for the quarter, and as Dave commented, they pulled price, which is certainly a welcome sign, allowed them to expand margins. Page 8, we've got the Power segment results. You see the sales up 69% to $478 million in the fourth quarter. Our smart grid acquisition really driving most of that, but the organic growth of 4% is still noteworthy to me. If you guys will recall, last year there was an impressive storm-aided quarter at the end of the year and so this year able to lap that with 4% growth, I think still shows strength in spending within our utility customers. There was some weather again this year and those storms really help us underscore our value proposition with our electric utilities where when they need us most when their grids have some performance challenge driven by weather, we are standing there with the right products at the right price at the right time and great quality to help them get their customers turn their lights back on. So, good topline performance. On the operating income side, you see a 28% growth to $70 million. The margin decline again similar to what we've seen since we've taken on Aclara and Aclara performs in the team of OP that drags down the numbers a little bit and the price/cost drag despite 2 points of price being pulled by the Power team as well, still some drag in their phase. So Page 9, switch to free cash flow and you see very strong performance on the cash flow front in 2018, both in the fourth quarter as well as in the full year. Attractive levels at 117% of net income equates to about 95% of income when adjusted for acquisition, amortization, a more cash based EPS system. I think that the -- when you look down at the full year, you see 41% growth to $400 -- little bit over $420 million. The drivers clearly start with higher earnings, but importantly also better working capital management and really notably inside of that really driven by inventory management. And it's also where Dave had mentioned in his comments, we did not achieve this by skimping out on CapEx. We continue to invest in CapEx, which we think is really important to drive our automation and productivity initiatives as we go forward. I think it's worth pausing on the inventory point because there is some important considerations that come along with that and it starts with whether or not those inventory improvements are sustainable. I think if all we were doing was getting a one-time profit and had to give it back, it wouldn't be very constructive. But we see runway in front of us to be able to improve our inventory days over the next few years and so we feel we've got a chance to be sustainably improving there. I think the second important consideration area is whether or not you sacrifice some service levels to your customer. And I think very importantly, we were able to maintain very strong service level tiers not from sacrifice toward our customers. I think there's also interesting considerations implies that we didn't crank our factories, we didn't max out from absorption, and that had some OP implications; but ultimately that's just to get more efficient on the OP side. We've got excess capacity that we see the opportunity to continue to take out some footprint and excess capacity and we are just going to talk a little bit about accelerated restructuring plans that this help underscore for us as we go forward.  So Page 10, I'll pull the lens back to look at the full-year of 2018, and I think you can see some good things happening in the year. We see that we've got 22% growth in sales, which really has a both attractive end markets contributing to it, as well a complementary investing in inorganic growth that we did. On the earnings side, we see both operating profit up impressively as well as earnings per share up 29% and the free cash flow increase, which we just talked about. So in a snapshot, we like showing the growth in our price there in Page 10. I was going to ask Maria to talk about the balance sheet.
Maria Lee: Sure. Thanks, Bill. So, I'm on Page 11 of the slides. Our balance sheet remained strong. We added a middle column here for Q1, since we closed the Aclara acquisition in February. If you can see the increase in debt resulting from the transaction as well as the reduction of commercial paper and term loan since then. We ended 2018 with $189 million of cash, of which approximately 90% was held outside of the United States. U.S. tax reform enabled us to repatriate a significant portion of our international cash in 2018. We used the cash brought back from overseas in addition to internally generated cash to pay down CP and the term loan as well as pay our dividend, fund CapEx, and buyback shares. As a result, we've now paid down more than a third of the cost of the Aclara transaction since February. And our net debt to cap ended 2018 at 43%. Our leverage in terms of gross debt to EBITDA is down from more than 3 times at the time of the acquisition on a pro forma basis to about 2.5 times now, slightly better than we planned. We feel confident in our ability to continue to manage our leverage given our strong cash performance and that our balance sheet can support our [long-term] strategy of purchasing bolt-on acquisitions.  We go on to the next page, footprint consolidation. As acquisitions have been a key component to Hubbell's growth and have added to our breadth of offerings to our customers. These acquisitions typically come with an existing footprint allowing us the opportunity to increase efficiency through scale and focus. As most of you know, Susan Huppertz joined Hubbell about a year ago, as Vice President of Global Operations. She has conducted a comprehensive review of our operation and has added tools, processes, and challenges that complement our existing operational capabilities. As a result, we have the opportunity to accelerate impressive actions to streamline our operations. These actions are a continuation of the cost reduction efforts we began in 2014. Since 2014, we exited 29 facilities, invested about $100 million in restructuring actions, and achieved annual run rate savings of approximately $60 million. This investment was made largely to combat the industrial downturn and price pressure in Lighting market.  Looking ahead, our planned actions in 2019 and 2020 are proactive in nature and are more focused on footprint and reach more broadly across the Hubbell portfolio. We plan to take out more than 1 million square feet over the next two years and invest approximately $60 million with an anticipated run rate savings of about $30 million per year on average at two to three year payback. We expect these actions to deliver a 20% improvement in sales per square foot by 2020. We anticipate benefits from further development of centers of excellence, regional sourcing, and automation. With that, I will hand it off to Dave to talk about the outlook.
Dave Nord: All right. Thanks, Maria. I'm going to go to Page 13, first talk about our outlook for end markets. We showed our early preview of this in October and we certainly feel so good about our prospects for 2019 although if you go back to our outlook in October, we've trimmed the high end of our expectations from 2% to 4% to 2% to 3%. As we look at it, some of our businesses maybe having a little bit more slowdown than we originally had expected. Although it is still early, the good news is that across the board still all positive. I think starting in the upper right-hand side, our biggest part of the pie is the Electrical T&D, which obviously now includes Aclara, and it's the biggest piece of our pie. We expect Aclara to grow mid-single digits next year off tough comps this year and the legacy T&D to grow low single digits with continued solid end market demand, but some moderation off of tougher comps. Residential of 0% to 2%, down from 2% to 4%, I think there's a lot of early indicators of some weakness in that market and so we're being a little bit cautious on that although as we said, we saw good demand in the fourth quarter and the early part of this year so that remains to be seen. On the non-resi side, we expect it to be up low single digits with steady growth 1% to 3% same as in the past. The industrial side, up low to mid-single digits with some moderation into some tougher comps of 2% to 4%. And oil and gas, we expect the gas piece to be up high single digits and oil to be up low single digits giving us an overall growth of 3% to 5%. So in the aggregate, put all that together, you end up with 2% to 3% in total. So, turning the page to the outlook. This will translate into our overall sales growth of approximately 4% to 6%. That includes a 1 point wraparound contribution from Aclara and the benefit of price to offset the commodity and tariff increases. We're initiating our guidance and our adjusted EPS guidance at $7.80 to $8.20. And as we mentioned, that excludes all of the intangible amortization, both the Aclara and the legacy acquisition amortization; but it does include we're absorbing the $0.40 of restructuring and related investment. And the free cash flow outlook continues to be strong, conversion at 95% of that adjusted net income value. Turning to the Page 15. Putting this all together, we've historically given you a little bit of a waterfall and insight into our guidance. First, it's just we're adding back the legacy amortization to our 2018 adjusted to get that on a comparable 2019 basis. We set up some nice tailwind from our core volume growth as well as the savings from our previously implemented cost actions and of course the price increases. We also have a slight tailwind from a month of Aclara contribution, but we note that Aclara's results are typically weighted toward the last month of each quarter. So while we pick up January sales, we get lower margin contribution from that one carryover month so we don't get the profit pickup from that. On price/cost, we certainly expect some more headwind from commodity cost based on the 2018 exit rates and tariffs are still something that we are dealing with. But we've got price increases in place, some of which already contemplate List three going to 25% and the rest signal to the market that if that does in fact occur, that we will have more immediate price increases associated with that. You'll recall that we do not index our pricing so it's not at real-time so tends to be a lag. But under the circumstances with the magnitude of what would be List three, we would expect to put those in almost immediately and certainly shorten that lag period as we go into it. We've got some bunch of other costs that we would be dealing with, some other items. Obviously we're doubling our restructuring so that's another $0.20 and then a little bit of tax headwind. If you recall, we had some -- a little bit lower than -- lower than expected and normal tax rate in 2018 because of a few discrete items. So, our guidance contemplates a tax rate in the 23% to 24% range. So when you go through all the math and you do the math and you cut through it, we are very pleased with this. We think this is a really good performance that we're going to achieve because it represents really mid to high single-digit growth in our core legacy business when you cut through that. So, I think just a few closing remarks. Clearly, we achieved strong growth both in sales, earnings, free cash flow in 2018. And keep in mind that was while we successfully integrated the largest acquisition in Hubbell's history, three times larger than the next largest company. And so, that was certainly quite an accomplishment. At the same time, dealing with inflationary pressures including tariffs, but we've exited the year with positive momentum and working and committed to offsetting the material cost inflation in 2019. We're obviously taking aggressive and decisive actions today to position us to outperform our pricing initiatives, our innovation initiatives, as well as our productivity and cost takeout efforts; give us confidence we can get ahead of anticipated challenges while remaining committed to producing quality products and reliable service and deploying our capital effectively. So with that, let me turn it over to the operator to open it up for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Jeffrey Sprague with Vertical Research Partners.
Jeffrey Sprague: Thank you. Good morning, everyone.
Dave Nord: Good Morning, Jeff.
Jeffrey Sprague: I just see the step up on the restructuring, good luck with that. And maybe just a little more color on that, Dave, if you could. It sounds as if there's not a lot of headcount that would come out with this footprint consolidation. Is that the case and if so, why?
Dave Nord: Well, I think it's early on that, Jeff. Certainly, we're working through plans around the facilities and we still need to produce the product, but I think that once we get further into it, our experience would suggest that there will be staffing efficiencies that come from it as well. So I think there will be more, but it's still early, particularly in some of the more complicated transactions.
Jeffrey Sprague: Yes. And then from a cash flow standpoint, Bill obviously spoke to inventory -- this should unlock some inventory tied up in your footprint. I'm wondering if you can give us some early view on how much cash could be released from these efforts and what the cash restructuring costs are to kind of hit this initial new wave of things you're sharing with us today?
Bill Sperry: Yes. So there is -- we do think that there's inventory benefits, Jeff, as we consolidate the footprint not just from just better practices, but having larger more scaled facilities. So, I do think that's going to be a benefit. There will be some capital involved to your question on cash, but that's all contained in the guidance. So, you met Susan at your conference in the fall and she's put together and rallied the team around we think a plan that's very achievable. It's got, as Dave was indicating, a slightly different nature where we are -- there's more cooperation across the lines of business, more centers of excellence, and those kinds of concepts to help drive it.
Jeffrey Sprague: And then just on the tariff kind of headwinds and what you're dealing with there. I think going back to our discussion on the Q3 call, right, if we hit List 3 at 25% plus the Q4 incremental on the carryover effect from List 1 and 2, just kind of upwards of $1 of headwinds that you were looking at is -- you may have taken some actions in your supply chain to counteract that. But is that the right order of magnitude?
Dave Nord: I think it's a little bit less than that, Jeff. And so that's why we talk about getting at least 2 points of price. I mean, that sort of gives you the order of magnitude that we're looking to cover both in tariffs and some of the other cost headwinds in that range.
Jeffrey Sprague: The 2 points get you the price/cost parity essentially?
Dave Nord: Yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Tusa with JPMorgan.
Steve Tusa: Just on this footprint thing, does this at all kind of -- I understand kind of the annual run rate savings, but my guess is that there is a pretty substantial amount of this that's structural. Does this at all kind of tweak up what you would expect your kind of incremental core leverage to be overtime? Let's say you're at your gross margin rate, I mean, can this help tweak that up maybe a few basis points here over time on a sustainable basis?
Dave Nord: Definitely, I mean that's really where the benefit would be coming from, particularly if you look at some of our metrics on the S&A side, we tend to be at or above peer average. So, we've obviously performed very well there. So, the benefit from this is more on the operating side and getting that benefit on the gross margin fees.
Steve Tusa: And then when it comes to free cash flow, obviously strong finish to the year. And you've been pretty explicit about your guide. It still is a bit of a hurdle to get to that 475 million number you guys put out there last year. Is that something we should -- maybe a little bit of update on kind of where you stand on getting to that number?
Dave Nord: Well, since I'm the one that put it out there, Steve, I'll tell you that I certainly after a 421 million year feel a lot better about that. Obviously there's things that we have to deal with over the next two years, but I think that's certainly still well within sight.
Steve Tusa: And then one last quick one. Just on kind of the pipeline of M&A, I would assume you're deleveraging here a little bit in the near term, but any kind of loosening up on that front?
Bill Sperry: Yes, Steve. I think that Maria's discussion the balance sheet was good to show that it feels to us like we could afford to do acquisitions. Our experience is you can't kind of shut them off and so we've been actively pursuing things during the year, but it does feel now like there's things getting closer and you never know stuff that cannot come to fruition. But I do expect we'll be doing deals again in '19 as opposed to the last 10 months of '18 where we really didn't.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Christopher Glynn with Oppenheimer.
Christopher Glynn: On the dollar of amortization that's being adjusted now, obviously we have the Aclara baseline, but on the new basis. Curious how much of that is in Electrical because I think you'll be talking about margins on a pre-amortization basis?
Maria Lee: About equal across Electrical and Power.
Christopher Glynn: And just on Power, wanted to talk about market share trends there. Dave went into some detail or maybe it was Bill about the performance on the comparison and that struck me too. So, just wondering about overall share trends there and if your core T&D outlook might not necessarily reflect your prowess in the marketplace.
Bill Sperry: Yes. I think that our experience with spending tends to be in the GDP kind of range. The bulk of our sales are MRO in nature here, Chris. And so that replacement of material of others it's in the grid and in the infrastructure. We would say GDP or better is actually strong. I think the fact that distribution has been strong as this year ended is a good sign. I think the transmission projects can be easier to be delayed and pushed out to the right. So, the market feels actually very healthy from where we sit. And Steve, I think that the fact that some of the smart grid products are outgrowing the base. But share, no, I don't think we're anticipating on gaining lots of shares as we see things. I do think -- I commented on the storms just because I do feel like for large utilities who have to face disruptive events from weather, I do think our value proposition that Hubbell winds up being able to provide 90% of their products that they need to get the lights turned back on and they can deal with us and we're committed to getting trucks in the field and get people's lights back on is -- there's opportunities there, but I don't think it's a share gain kind of environment.
Dave Nord: I'm sure, Chris, that our Power Systems guys would really appreciate your characterizing their prowess. I think they do a fine job. Some of the things that you got to keep in mind is certainly in 2018 there was good project activity on the transmission side and that can be a little lumpy. So not as much as anticipated in 2019, maybe a little more normal. And obviously on the Aclara side, they had some really strong performance so it makes just tougher comps. So, it's not an indication of share loss or weakness. It's more attributable to tougher comparisons coming off a strong year.
Christopher Glynn: Okay. And if I could get one more, I just wanted to kind of level set the outlook for seasonality for the year. If we take $8 midpoint of adjusted guidance, we know that you're starting the year with a little more challenging price/cost tale and then that turns your way more and more as you go through the year. So in terms of kind of earnings distribution and margins versus normal seasonality, what nuance or insight could you offer as we kind of build out the linearity for 2019?
Dave Nord: Well, Chris, I think you highlighted one which is price/cost, which is going to continue to accelerate favorably throughout the year so that's not going to. And I think as we're looking at our restructuring program, it's a little bit more front-end loaded to the first half at least, somewhere first more second quarter. At least that's our current thinking on that. So, I think that is likely to influence against a historical seasonal pattern.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Josh Pokrzywinski with Morgan Stanley.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Can you just remind us of the two points of price that you're expecting in 2019? How much of that is already out there in the marketplace versus what is incremental versus maybe what is kind of dependent on 25% for List three tariffs?
Bill Sperry: Yes. So Josh, if you think about how the year unfolded for us, the first half had in the ballpark of 0.5 point of price embedded in it, ended the fourth quarter with 2 points of price. So, the way Chris was just doing that is the same way we think of it, right. So you've got -- you get the 2 points that you're launching from, but you got to lap that 0.5 point and then it gets -- it's harder so you got to keep pulling. And as Dave was highlighting, the four List 3 tariffs we've already notified customers of that -- of those price increases to come. So, that's how it -- that's how the '18 rolled out and then you got a big lump basically in March of how it would get implemented here in '19.
Josh Pokrzywinski: I guess behind that though if List 3 doesn't ultimately go through with 25% and you already have some price in the marketplace, the incremental ask is not terribly large relative to what you were having to chase in 2018?
Bill Sperry: That's right.
Josh Pokrzywinski: And then I know that over time, you try to get back to price/cost neutrality and there's always a bit of a lag. Do you have a sense on a dollar basis or a margin basis, what is kind of left out there in aggregate over the past call it 12 months and how we should think about the timing on getting back to neutrality if now is different or it takes a bit longer or if tariffs somehow change that structural dynamic?
Dave Nord: I mean I would say, Josh, that we're probably -- exiting last year, we're probably behind maybe 70 basis points. And I think based on the trends, it will take until the early part of 2020 potentially to get to neutrality over that time frame. I think you're referring to our historical look at it over a two-year period to where it will be positive. So we think as this year progresses, we'll turn positive and then continue into 2020. Okay. Does that help?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Nigel Coe with Wolfe Research.
Nigel Coe: Hey, just wanted to go back to the footprint consolidation. Just wanted to confirm there wouldn't be much if any of your payback in 2019 just given the long-term nature of this kind of action. And then -- so if you can just maybe confirm or deny that? And then last time we did some footprint work, there was a little bit of friction on the execution side. What lessons have been learned and how can we be confident that execution will be better in '19, '20 versus back in '15, '16?
Dave Nord: Well, certainly you're right there. We've had our share of friction in past transaction, but I think we've gotten better overtime as we've learned some hard lessons and as we've applied those lessons. I think one of the keys for us has been to put that -- put the right expertise into the planning as well as the execution. And I think one of the things that Maria mentioned that Susan has done is work to -- with the existing operating organization to hone skills and enhance skills and resources. So, we think the combination of the experience and incremental resources and a collective attention to the success of this certainly reduces the risk dramatically. There's always some level of execution risk, but we really think that the things that we've done will really minimize that to a great degree.
Bill Sperry: Yes. I think, Nigel, if you look at one of our most recent Lighting facility closures, which is one of the more one of the larger plants we've closed, I think that went -- which is one of the most recent went really the smoothest. I think the preparation Dave described, particularly getting the receiving plants to have really well documented processes is really important. I think discontinuing the really high variety, very low volume items helps a lot too. And then you opened by just -- I would confirm that your assumption of the savings kicking in '20 and beyond as we start in the year.
Nigel Coe: And then going back to cash flow, I mean, for me the real highlight this year was the improvement in cash conversion. And I think, Bill, you called out inventory turns improving, and there's still a ways to go there. Maybe just touch on, aside from larger facilities providing efficiencies, what else is driving the improvement in inventory at a time when demand is improving? And then I think you're running about 10 points higher on inventory turns versus maybe 10 years ago. Is that the sort of the line of sight you have on improvements? So, how should we quantify the potential to drive inventory out the system?
Bill Sperry: Yes. I mean if you start with your last part of your question, we've benchmarked across with competitors and peers and then as you suggest, we've also benchmarked internally what were some of our best turning times. And I think that those are -- both give good guidepost as to what kind of targets we have to get better. I think contributing to the turns is everything from larger facilities, focusing on optimizing our SKU breadth. I think we talked with you guys a lot about having the order of magnitude of north of 350,000 SKUs and focusing on the better runners can be helpful. What kind of relationship with vendors, a design that can be more modular? There's really a lot of contributors to it. No silver bullets, I wouldn't say if you could set up some push-ups. And that's an exercise regime that we are very focused on continuing and we are confident we still have room to improve.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rich Kwas with Wells Fargo Securities.
Rich Kwas: So, just with regards to the restructuring, how do we think about the 15% margin target on a GAAP basis by 2020? I assume obviously this is a pretty big step-up in the restructuring. So, just any framework in terms of an update?
Dave Nord: I would say that that's still something that we are working toward. I mean, it's not -- we've been there before and certainly if not from restructuring benefits in 2019 and 2020, some of the price/cost benefits would certainly be contributing factors to that. So, it's not out of the question. It's certainly a goal that we have, whether it's by 2020 or 2021 when we get the full benefit of some of the restructuring, but that is absolutely in the cards as far as we see it.
Rich Kwas: And then, Bill, in terms of the guidance construct with regards to the operations improvement, is it about a 25% incremental margin you're factoring in on organic sales between price and volume in '19?
Bill Sperry: Yes. Historically, it tends to be in that range and so that's consistent with how it's been.
Rich Kwas: And did I catch that right, you have some of the costs at a 25% tariff already included?
Bill Sperry: Yes. We're guiding on the basis that that happens on March 1st. Yes.
Rich Kwas: Okay. So, you've got that. So if it doesn't go there, I mean you wouldn't get the price, but theoretically it could be a little bit of a tailwind as we go through the year because you have it already in there?
Bill Sperry: That's correct.
Rich Kwas: Okay. And then last one for me just on Lighting. So with the price being positive, how do you delineate between the stock and flow short cycle stuff and then the C&I project stuff? I assume there's been some repricing or some discussions that you're having to reprice some of the stuff that was in backlog?
Dave Nord: I don't think so, Rich. I mean, we -- I mean one of the things that interestingly we found as we exited the year n meeting with customers, particularly channel partners, was how important it was to actually get in front of the price issues and not be trailing, particularly because of one of the things you highlight which is the problem that you would have in the market is where you're trying to push a price to a contractor that's already bid on a deal. So, the more that you could get ahead of it. So that's why in some cases, we have built in pricing either actual or certainly forecast to try and get ahead of those. But on the backlog, it's why you want to make sure that there is a lag. I'd say that's why there is a lag in our realization because you're still working through some of the backlog at lower prices.
Rich Kwas: Okay. That makes sense. Just real quick one. Just I know you talked about the construct in terms of restructuring spend and then how price/cost is going to flow through. If we think about the first quarter here, are you expecting to be up earnings wise year-over-year?
Bill Sperry: Yes, I think we would, Rich.
Rich Kwas: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joe Osha with JMP Securities.
Hilary Cauley: Hi. This is actually Hilary on for Joe Osha. I just had one quick question for you guys. And I was just wondering if you could kind of speak to where you're seeing lead times coming in and if we might see those come down as we go through the year?
Bill Sperry: Yes. I think it's too broad a question for us to answer across a $4.5 billion enterprise. But there are places for example in natural gas where the lead times are decently long just with demand being so high. I think some of the electronics elements supply chain had lengthened a little bit. But those are not proving to be a challenging obstacles, the market is adjusting those in normal course.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time, I would now like to turn the call back over to Maria for any additional or closing remarks.
Maria Lee: Thanks, everybody, for joining us today. This concludes today's call. And Dan and I will be available all day and the rest of the week with any follow-up questions. So, thanks again for joining.
Operator: This does conclude today's conference call. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-10-23 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Maria Lee - Treasurer and VP, IR Dave Nord - Chairman, President and CEO Bill Sperry - SVP and CFO
Analysts: Christopher Glynn - Oppenheimer Rich Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities Steve Tusa - JPMorgan Jeffrey Sprague - Vertical Research Partners Joseph Osha - JMP Securities Josh Pokrzywinski - Wolfe Research
Operator: Good morning. My name is Ella, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Hubbell Third Quarter 2018 Results Call. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Maria Lee, you may begin your conference.
Maria Lee: Thank you, Ella. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. I'm joined today by our Chairman, President and CEO, Dave Nord; and our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Bill Sperry. Hubbell announced its third quarter results for 2018 this morning. The press release and the earnings slide materials have been posted to the investor section of our website at www.hubbell.com. Please note that our comments this morning may include statements related to the expected future results of our company and our forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Therefore please note that discussion of forward-looking statements in our press release and consider it incorporated by reference into this call. In addition, comments may also include non-GAAP financial measures. Those measures are reconciled to the comparable GAAP measures and are included in the press release and the earnings slide materials. Now let me turn the call over to Dave.
Dave Nord: All right. Thanks, Maria. Thanks, everybody, for joining us today. I could just touch on a few highlights from the quarter and then let Bill get into the details. You can see from our press release, it was another quarter of strong performance for us, obviously, growth in sales, growth in earnings, and importantly, very strong cash flow generation. We think that - we feel very confident about our market position and confident in their ability to deliver differentiated results for investors over the long term. I think if I start on Page 3, just a couple of highlights within the quarter. First, obviously, as weve been saying all year, our end markets are all growing or all have green arrows, and really at the high end. We saw a 24% sales growth in the quarter, 5% organic, 19% acquisitions. That's obviously principally Aclara. And the end market outlook continues to be good. We did have a benefit in the quarter from the tax rate under U.S., the U.S. tax reform adjustment which had us with a little lower rate than we had been running for the year. That's certainly good news. You know if we can generate earnings from any source and particularly from lower tax rates making us more competitive. I think the key element is around our pricing actions. We've been talking about that all year certainly since the first quarter and I think our pricing actions are gaining traction, and they continue to gain traction. Bill will go through that a little later. But our pricing through the third quarter is a little better than we actually had anticipated a quarter ago. So thats the good news. On the flip side, theres some - obviously our objective is to try and address the tariffs but also theres some inflationary pressures that were seeing and were not unique I know in that situation, particularly in areas that are attributable to the positive market growth activity specifically around wage inflation just because of labor shortages and transportation costs. I mean that, you cant talk to anybody - I don't talk to anybody in the market who's not struggling with the shortage of drivers, the shortage of trucks to actually deliver and that's all generating higher cost. And we're working to continue to try and recover those costs. The tariff headwinds to-date are in line with our expectations. Obviously, that puts pressure on our margins because even if we recover our tariff dollar-for-dollar, you're not getting any more profit from that, so that has some drag on our margins, which is frustrating. But if we can at least cover those costs, that's the minimum objective. An important result in the quarter, Aclaras performance, less than nine months post acquisition, the results were accretive to our earnings. And for such a significant acquisition in our - for us and to be implementing that and having that kind of outcome is truly a highlight. And again, the free cash flow, very strong free cash flow. We've talked about that throughout the year, and we're delivering on that, focus on the core operations, as well as working capital management, particularly around inventory. So, the result of all of that gives us the ability to raise and narrow our guidance for the year. The second time we've done that, we did that after the second quarter. We're doing it again, modest increases. But at least moving up from what we predicted and forecast at the beginning of the year. Certainly different composition of that, but that's the nature of our job is to try and navigate things that come up. The good news is you have some tax benefits. Were working on pricing, were working on - take advantage of the strong markets and I think all of that leads to positive results, not without challenges, but we're working - and we're overcoming those challenges. So, let me turn it over to Bill to go through the results in a little more detail, and then I'll come back and we'll talk about the outlook a bit. Bill?
Bill Sperry: Okay. Thanks, Dave. Good morning, everybody. Thanks for joining. I think Dave just highlighted a nice list of items there. Strong demands, managing price cost, strong cash flow, and constructive capital allocation. I'm going to start on the first point there, which is strong demand, and I'm on Page 5 of the slides, that hopefully everybody has. And again, a very constructive backdrop from our end markets that were exposed to, similar to what we've had for the last couple of quarters now. You can see the sales, up 24% but supported by a very good end markets that we think are growing through the quarter in the 3% to 4% range. Starting with non-res, were seeing - still seeing healthy start data in architectural billing information. So, through the quarter, non-res still strong. Electrical T&D, the transmission is stronger than distribution. But the distribution was facing tough comps with a lot of storm volume last year and it still grew through that. So, we're viewing that T&D as very healthy and very healthy condition. The industrial, both in light and heavy, feels good to us. You've got industrial production up its a manufacturing index, good support there for industrial. On the oil and gas side, we certainly see both halves as positive. I think the gas for us in the quarter is stronger than what we saw in oil. But the upstream CapEx for oil is still favorable, the gas dynamics strong for sure. The revenue side getting a lot of attention here lately, we had a strong performance in the quarter on resi. Obviously, the rising rates in the stock markets used to be repricing the builders. But for what we saw in the quarter, still constructive. So, you simplify that altogether, you see GDP in kind of a 3% range for the year expected in and our end markets are outgrowing GDP, so quite constructive backdrop. Starting on 6, I want to switch to our profitability. And we just disaggregate operating profit into two components here. The gross profit increase of 16% to $355 million. Margins being dragged by price cost, and we'll talk more detail about price cost in a minute. The F&A line being more efficient, down about 90 basis points to 15.7% but the dollar's up about 15%. So we're benefiting from higher volume there as we're getting more efficient and leveraging our scale. On Page 7, we put those together to show operating profit. You see here an increase to $174 million, 15% improvement over last year. The margin similar to what you saw on the gross, down driven by price cost, essentially. The earnings per share side, you see a 41% increase, $2.22. Got two big drivers, one is higher income and, as Dave commented, lower tax rates. Last year, we were in the low-30s. And this quarter, we're just under 20%. There were - we expect in the full year to be in the 22% range. So, the quarter was particularly low and benefited from some discrete items inside the quarter. So now, we'll talk about the two segments and their performance, and I'll start on Page 8, with Electrical segment. Sales up 5%, $687 million. We saw some contributors to that, a strong growth, including the gas business, including various of our product lines that are exposed to industrial growing quite well at the lower end of the spectrum. Our lighting business grew low single-digits that was skewed by the resi piece, contributing more to that than the C&I. I think the good news for lighting for us, they continue to expand margins. And that's a good sign here as we contribute to our operating income story where you see an improvement of 6% growth, $94 million. And the margin expansion there of 20 basis points, where the lifts coming from higher volumes more than offsets the drags still coming from price and material cost and tariffs. Power segment is on Page 9, and you'll see growth in sales up to $492 million, a 66% increase. Obviously, most of that coming from Aclara, a recent acquisition, but it shouldn't be lost that the organic business growing at 5% which is nice healthy spending in that area by our utility customers. And you see the transmission fees being quite strong. And again, distribution growing, we're impressed to see growth because we had some tough comps with a lot of extra storm volume last year resulting from the storms we had in Puerto Rico and Texas. But on the performance side, you see operating income growing 30% to $80 million of OP, the margins there impacted by Aclara coming on and performing in the low teens. So, that's as expected but just drags down the margin versus prior year, and you see the price material cost headwind continuing to drag for power systems. But still, good growth obviously there for Power. We wanted to talk about price material cost. We felt for years and has been a very important topic in terms of our margin performance. And so, starting at EPG and then again in July during our second quarter, we shared analysis discussing price cost, and there were essentially two takeaways from that analysis. So, the first was to show how our business model has a lag effect between when we experience inflation and how we price and recover that inflation. Its different than a model where someone might use derivatives and get immediate offset. We have a lag and we illustrated that lag. The second is we show that in the third quarter, our price cost caught up to the inflation we were experiencing. And we realized on that message that we has share with you all. So, in our third quarter, the price cost had matched. In that analysis, we had specifically excluded lighting and tariffs. Tariffs were too uncertain for us to predict that then - and the lighting business was different than the rest of our lines where they were actually given away price still despite experiencing inflation. So, what we've done now, because we kind of hit that mission, we've done now is we've included lighting and tariffs to the picture and shown that that still  and we did that because we think this gives you a better insight into the impact on our overall margin performance. So, you can see that the third quarter still had some drag from those two effects and that we catch up in the fourth quarter. So, the price story for us is across all of our businesses. Some of the questions that we get from you all are trying to net tariffs against price and inflation against price. And we're using our whole portfolio of products to battle inflation and we're thinking about it that way. Many of our lines of business have increased price multiple time during the year. Some of those increases have been very significant. For example, if you're exposed to significant amounts of steel. So there's a story that continues. We think our business model is exceeding. Dave described traction on the price, and you can see those blue bars continuing to accelerate through the end of this year to get us back in balance as the costs start to moderate by year-end, so that to us is an important picture driving margins. Want to touch on free cash flow that Dave highlighted as a strength on Page 11. You can see in the quarter, over a doubling of the free cash flow amount, and for the year-to-date period an increase of over 50% to $269 million. The cash flow performance driven by higher income, but its well working capital efficiency, most notably in the area of inventory where we've been very effective at managing those levels. I think importantly we've increased our CapEx spending during this time. So we've not been sacrificing our investing to achieve free cash flow. We've continued to invest in automation and other forms of productivity that we think are quite important. And I was going to show you also on Page 12. We've taken to showing you EBITDA. We think that we've got quite a bit of fluctuation in non-cash amortization charges as a result of our acquisition which has also caused us to incur more interest expense and taxes are going the other way. So, with all that variety, we feel that showing you EBITDA just growing at nice 16% rate is important to keep that in front of you. But I wanted to ask Maria to comment on the balance sheet given some of those cash flow dynamics.
Maria Lee: Sure. So, Im on the capital structure, Page 13. We typically show this page with two columns, current period and prior year-end. And this time, you can see we added a third column from March 2018 to highlight how much activity happened during the year with respect to the Aclara acquisition and repatriation of international cash. We paid off $160 million in total debt since March 31st and now have $1.9 billion of total debt outstanding. The strong cash generation that we just heard Bill talk about, but moving back some overseas cash has enabled this delivery and we expect to do more in the fourth quarter. More broadly, our capital allocation priorities remain the same, investing in high return capital projects, paying our dividends, which you may have seen our board increased last week, buying back shares. We repurchased $20 million of stock so far in 2018 and expect to do more and investing in acquisitions to complement our portfolio. Our balance sheet supports this capital allocation strategy. We ended the third quarter with $229 million of cash, approximately 94% of which was held outside of the United States. We also had about $100 million of commercial paper outstanding. Our four tranches of long-term senior notes all have attracted rates in the low to mid 3s. And we have a $750 million credit facility that backs our commercial paper program and is fully available. So, to summarize, we have a strong and a healthy balance sheet, capable of supporting our capital deployment priorities. With that, I will hand it to Dave to talk about the outlook.
Dave Nord: Okay. Thanks. So, lets just talk a little bit about the rest of this year. First, on our end-markets on Page 14. No change this year versus our prior outlook. Markets continue to grow consistently with what we've seen all year. Overall market growth of 3% to 4%. We're running a little bit above that year-to-date. I think we'll might settle back a little bit as we finish the year. But still, compared to a number of prior years, leading up to it a very nice finish to the year. From an overall performance for us, turning to Page 15, we think that translates into, for the full year, sales growth of 21% to 23% range. That's a little higher than our prior sales growth internally, largely on higher Aclara sales. As I mentioned earlier, we're going to - were raising the - and tightening our EPS range, a new midpoint of $7.25 versus $7.20 prior. We essentially had $0.15 of tax favorability in the quarter. And we're dialing the impact of less grade, which we see now as $0.10 of headwind in the fourth quarter, obviously, actively mitigating where price have increases in place, escalator set for January. But as Bill mentioned, you've seen in the charts, we've talked about it, it takes quarter or so to work through those. We certainly fully intent to pass along the increased cost through tariffs and we think the rest of the industry will as well. I've spent time recently with half of our top channel partners and that the conversation is all around tariffs and price, and secondarily some of the other inflationary pressures that Ive talked about. And the concern is always with the 10% tariffs, you could probably navigate that when you start to put 25% tariffs scenario that becomes more challenging. Now at the same time, we have a very aggressive action that we're taking. Because at 25% tariffs in certain products, you're not making money at it, we're not going to sell it. So, you've got to recover it. And I know we're not alone. So I know that there is going to be a recovery of that to some degree. Whether it affects  ultimately affects demand is a wildcard. But we are - and the theme here is aggressively focused on getting price and pushing price where we can. I think we have found situations even - to help our channel partners get some of those prices through. In some cases, it requires a joint sell to the customer particularly around the value proposition. And when we've done that, we've been more successful in getting those prices realized, so. And that really is the nature of our products, our service levels, the quality that really helps in getting some of that price through. But it takes effort. Its not automatic. And lastly for the - we expect our free cash flow strength to continue and end up being greater than net income. Page 16 is just the waterfall chart, regular update. The biggest changes here, as I mentioned, are on the benefit of tax with the lower third quarter tax rate, and then putting in some of the headwind from tariffs in base operation column. So, let's turn a little bit now to 2019. And obviously, it's early. We don't provide earnings guidance at this point. But certainly we start with at least our market view as of this point. Overall, we see 2% to 4% versus 3% to 4% this year. Base case has slight moderation in the residential, oil and gas and industrial. That's moderation after a strong growth this year. But once again, we still see all end-markets growing at this point. Note that Aclara is now included into the pie chart, which is why you see the Electrical T&D has a bigger slice of the pie right now. So if we turn the page, and youll - we talk about our EPS considerations for next year. And so, we don't give annual guidance until we release earnings in January. But just a broad framework of how we're looking at it. As I said, end-markets are going to grow solidly again, maybe more in the low to mid-single-digit range. But it should provide a nice for volume tailwind for us. Price should be a real nice tailwind for us next year with the actions we've already implemented and with more to come. We typically hang on to price as long as we can, even if commodity cost fall out or turn downward. And next year shouldn't be any different, whether it's on the commodity side or the tariff side, but were pushing to get them on the basis that those costs will continue. We continue to execute on productivity initiatives, benefiting from prior restructuring actions. And I know that some of you had the opportunity to meet with Susan Huppertz, our new VP of Global Operations and got a sense of some of the things that are being put on the board as part of our ongoing restructuring action. So, we have a lot of confidence that we're going to be driving more productivity, continue to drive productivity in areas that we have yet to be able to realize. Inflation, general cost increases for things like labor and transportation is likely to continue into next year. Typically, we try to offset those costs with productivity. Done a little better than that in recent years but it may end up being more neutral next year. But we're certainly driving to exceed the cost increases particularly if all of the tariff and other costs can't be realized on the price side. Obviously, tariffs continue to be a wildcard. And on tax, as Bill mentioned, we saw onetime benefit this year in the third quarter, but we expect to normalize more in the 22% to 24% range. Obviously, still some moving parts there, so we'll work through that. So, with all these said, we got a good path toward attractive earnings growth next year. Im not going to give a range, but we've previously laid out a target of $8.50 in GAAP EPS by 2020. And we're comfortable reiterating that commitment now. Certainly, a lot of work to do to get there, a lot of actions to take, a lot of price, a lot of cost management, a lot of productivity but that's what we do. That's what we have done. That's where we're going to continue to do. And so I think 2019 results will put us solidly on the path to getting to our 2020 objectives. So, just to wrap up, we're pleased with the results. We certainly would like them  to always like them to be better. We would rather not be having to deal with the tariff situation, making a pricing environment that much tougher. It's never easy, but hoping that a magnitude of what everyone is dealing with will provide a little bit of flexibility and acceptance, at least in the near term. So, confident in our ability to navigate this stuff. We've got the challenges we will work through them and look forward to better results going forward. And welcome the questions. So, if we could open up to Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Christopher Glynn. Your line is open.
Christopher Glynn: So, you guys called out the C&I lighting pricing pressures again. There are broad announced price increases in the industry among the majors. How do you expect the rubber hits the road here in terms of this dynamic of the existing price pressures but much broader price increases announced seemingly in tandem in cooperation?
Dave Nord: Well, I think - first, Chris, I think I would say that the price pressures have lessened as a starting point. And I think it's starting to turn to more of a positive. Weve seen some elements, and certainly, we've seen some benefits in pockets where we've been more disciplined, as I mentioned, we're not going to sell it for, and we're not going to give up the margin. And we've actually been able to realize that. Its just having that discipline. And I think that's reflective of the broader industry things that you've seen in broader price increases I think starting to stick certainly in pockets. So, I hope that's a positive sign going forward. It's still early, but I think we've seen some positive signs.
Christopher Glynn: And then as we look at implied fourth quarter guidance, and obviously there's all your penal line items to triangulate, but I'm kind of gathering that your column for the fourth quarter electrical margins would probably be down a little bit year-over-year. Just wondering why that might be if you have your kind of best price cost relationship of the year in the fourth quarter.
Maria Lee: Sure, yes. So, I think you're right to identify that there could potentially be some pressure on the electrical margins. I think it will have less of the price material headwind. However, I think on some of the cost inflation dynamics, you know, Dave mentioned some freight, labor, things of that nature. We expect that to be a bit higher due to those trends. So, that would be offsetting the benefit that we would get from lower price material drag.
Christopher Glynn: Is freight and labor not part of the bars on Slide 10?
Maria Lee: No. Theyre outside of it. So the bars are specifically material cost, so commodities and price. And so the - what we go into our productivity cost increases or cost inflation bucket that the cost side would have that wage increases and freight and that stuff.
Christopher Glynn: And then Aclara, so for 2019 with your orders and your project pipeline starting to get really good support for another strong organic year, how would you characterize the incremental margin profile for Aclara? Or if it's more mix driven, how otherwise should we think about the EBIT profile bridge into year two of ownership?
Bill Sperry: Yes. I think what we've seen so far in our first year of ownership is the Aclara suite of smart grid products and service is in high demand. Our customers need it and we're pleased to see that there is a very, very good growth within that. We've seen the margins improved during our ownership. And I think it's - again, as Dave kind of said, as we give guidance in January, I think we'll be more explicit about answering your question. But the first part of your question I think is very important that the demand for the smart grid product is very good right now, so that should help us in 2019.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Rich Kwas. Your line is open.
Rich Kwas: Can you guys just level set us on the tariffs? So, is it $0.10 explicit negative impact in Q4 on a quarterly basis? And then if the rate assuming the rate goes to 25%, January 1, then we take some multiple of that as an impact. But then youre going to get price in Q1. So, net-net, there's maybe still behind the curve in Q1 with the increase in the rate. I mean, how do we - how are we trying to model this as we think about the impact?
Maria Lee: And so, we had talked about, if we just back up, List 1 and 2 being a net $0.05 or nickel of headwind in each of Q3 and Q4. So, that's still true, the gross number is larger than that, but we offset it with price and other productivity and cost initiatives. So, that's for that List 1 and 2. When you add in List 3, which is what the current guide now contemplates, that is where you get another dime in the fourth quarter, and that's the result of a 10% tariff. When it bumps up to 25% as of January 1, that will increase the cost for next year. So, the $0.10 is up for a 10%. So, it would be a higher cost next year based on List 3. You'd also, obviously, have the wrap around impact of List 1 and 2 that we didn't have in the first half of this year. So, to your point, I think we're going after price, we're going after it now. We're putting productivity measures in place, so that we'll start to see the benefits. But I would expect that the compares on the tariffs get easier as we go through the year. But there will be a bit of a step up in Q1 that we are already starting to mitigate now.
Rich Kwas: I mean, with the knowledge that you know what's going to go into effect on 1/1, so its pretty explicit our there obviously. So, it would seem like youd be able to push their price pretty quickly with - I mean, I know theres a concern around demand impact. But everybody knows about it, right? So, I mean, within Q1, sometime during Q1, you should be able to start matching up, right? Is that the right way to think about it?
Bill Sperry: That's the right way to think about it. There's no question. I mean, it's important to recognize that it's a big number. And so as I've been saying, we can all do the academic math of 25% and what that is. Trying to get that through in pricing, its a new normal for the market. And particularly when you've been coming off years of very modest low inflation 2% and all of sudden you're coming in with big increases. And even when it's relative to the material content, you still end up with 10%, 15% increases in a product cost. Thats not insignificant. We're all hopeful that at some point there's a little bit of moderation, but we all are working as if there's not going to be because to-date, it hasn't been. And we don't want to be surprised. We can always back up, but we don't want to be playing catch up. So, that's an important element so.
Rich Kwas: And then just within the segments, I mean, it would seem like electrical is more impacted. I mean, I know you have 232 on power from earlier in the air. But is there a way to think about impact on each of the segments as relates to strictly tariffs?
Dave Nord: I think the way - and you're right. I think 232, Rich, had an indirect impact very heavily on Power where they're using a lot of steel. As you think about List 3 I think the biggest impact on us will be on residential lighting. But there's also impacts on plugs and receptacles and some of the basic hardware parts from Power Systems. So it'll affect other areas as well.
Rich Kwas: And then last one on price cost is relates to Legacy Power. It still seems like you're a bit behind the curve on that. What's the latest on getting to parity within legacy Power? Is that  because I understand within this guide that fourth quarter you get there, and then by the time we get in the first quarter, your price cost positive.
Dave Nord: Yes. So Legacy Power, you're right. They continue to get price and they continue to have inflation. So the way it's progressing they're squeezing, they're squeezing it down very impressively from being behind it. And so, we're probably starting next year being able to catch up. But as we end the year, theyll still just be a little bit behind.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steve Tusa. Your line is open.
Steve Tusa: The kind of 2020 commentary on free cash flow and kind of the guidance there, I mean, is that now just much less relevant given what we've seen from these tariffs?
Dave Nord: Im not sure what you mean by less relevant that - its certainly more challenging with the tariffs. I think thats still our objective to work and have a path to get there. It certainly will be a different path than when we spoke earlier in the year pre-tariffs. So, does that mean it's still in the cards? It's a question about how we're going to get there. And the one wildcard will certainly be the entire pricing environment. Were obviously not alone in there. But as I said, we're working to develop other paths to offset any price shortfall that will exist including more productivity and changing sourcing strategies and the likes. So, I wouldn't say it's  its still relevant in our mind and in our objectives.
Bill Sperry: I think Steve it's just it comes in different ways, right? So, as you price to get the tariffs, once that flattens out, then as that wraps around, you get the benefit of having price for it even though you're catching up. So, it comes in not as smoothly, I would say. Thats how we're looking at it.
Steve Tusa: And then one other one. Just on kind of your visibility in your dashboard and kind of operating the business. It just seems like every time the market has or the macro has certain issues whether it was the harsh and hazardous stuff that came with the oil downturn or the tariffs coming through, it just seems like the stock and investors are a little more blindsided by this stuff. And I'm not sure whether that's a communications thing or what you guys can see in your dashboard. I mean, have you kind of taken any step back and kind of looked at the process that you guys have and try and improve that? Or am I just being too harsh on that front?
Bill Sperry: Well, I think if you're talking about, did we see the oil downturn any better than the rest of the market, Id say I don't think we did. But I think the other stocks that were exposed to oil had the same degree of surprise. I think the way we've managed tariffs as we've been trying to be transparent with you about how we price for it and it takes this quarter or so to catch up. So, we think that those processes are seeing that stuff. We are reacting - we reacted to the oil downturn with a big $120 million restructuring plan. And I think we feel good about kind of the cost that we've taken out of that. Some of the lighting business challenges we've used to restructuring to take cost out of that. And it got to the point, Steve, where that business is now expanding margin and much more stabilized. And so now tariffs, I agree with you in managing price and inflation is the new normal, as Dave was saying. And we think we're tracking that well. We're trying to communicate with you all. We've been doing that since, I think, the first quarter. And so hopefully the communication you guys feel is transparent enough.
Dave Nord: I think - Steve, I would add to that. I mean, obviously, were always looking and evaluating our own operations as well as our communication. And certainly, that's one of the things we're continually trying to evaluate market reaction against true performance or against the price. Or is there something thats not understood? And so were constantly trying to make sure that we are being as transparent as we can be on the things that matter so as a better understanding, and we minimize the surprises that can be avoided. As Bill mentioned, my crystal ball wasnt any better than anybody else's in oil and gas, and it's not any better on tariffs. But yet, weve put stuff out and we're very conscious of you know working hard to do what we say. And that's the challenge of managing the things that we say, that we know. And if there's something that comes up that surprises us, we hope it's only because it has surprised the entire market, and that its unique to us. But we can always get better at that, and we're constantly working on it and welcome your input on those things and
Steve Tusa: I guess, just they are coming off of the first half of this year as well where there were some confusion around CapEx levels, and the stock went down dramatically on kind of price cost which people weren't calibrating appropriately. So, it's a little more than just kind of the oil and gas related thing. But it's totally fair point just the volatility for your specific portfolio and its construct. The stock just seems to be a lot more volatile than perhaps it has to be. But I'll leave it at that. Thanks for the color.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jeffrey Sprague. Your line is open.
Jeffrey Sprague: I want to do move to kind of productivity question and you mentioned Susan Huppertz joining the firm, should we expect or why shouldn't we expect kind of a greater sense of urgency to move more swiftly on some of what she's talking about? It would seem the opportunity is quite large even in a healthy market, you might want to seize it more rapidly. But in an environment like this where you've got some very clear headwinds, I don't know why it isn't much more kind of rapid take on some of these kind of footprint and other issues that you might have at your disposal here?
Dave Nord: Right. It's a fair comment, and there is. And you're absolutely right. I mean, it always comes back to the ability to effectively execute to make sure that we can continue to provide the level of service to the market that they expect. As you know, Jeff, and you've followed us for a long time, that hasn't always been the case, and the price of that misstep is meaningful and more long term. So, we just want to make sure that we are disciplined in those things. But there's no doubt that that's one of the things and presumably that's what you heard in your discussions with her that shes identifying these things. We're rallying around to make sure that we can do that sooner than later.
Jeffrey Sprague: And then, just back to the tariffs, List 3 in particular, it does sound like maybe the impact there is a little bit more severe than you were first thinking. I dont know that youre ever actually explicit about List 3. Perhaps there was a bigger impact than lighting there than you thought. Is there any additional color on that dime that you could provide for us?
Dave Nord: No. I just think that when we talked about the nickel impact in the third and fourth quarter, we were really only talking about List 1 and 2. So the dime is now just the quantification of that. I think, importantly for the regulating business, the industry is basically structured with similar supply chain, right. So there's not competitive advantages or disadvantages in terms of costing due to tariffs. And so I think part of underlying while we're saying that we believe the industry will react to the same way. But there's not new things Jeff, popping up at all.
Jeffrey Sprague: And then just finally for me. Just on the demand picture. Its a little unclear to me what you're saying about Q4. Are you expecting some measurable slowdown in some parts of your business in Q4? And where
Dave Nord: No measurable. I think the thing that will create a little bit of potential volatility is any order activity in advance of tariffs or in advance of price increases for next year. We've seen some pockets of that. But that's - we haven't seen any - we haven't seen any indications of underlying weakness in demand at this point.
Jeffrey Sprague: I would assume youre not going to let people take order six months in advance or something on old price when youre going to get jammed with tariffs. How are you planning that?
Dave Nord: No. I mean, thats - we have mechanisms in place, Jeff, that - because thats a fairly common thing even with the minimal price increases that sometimes are put through on an annual basis on blankets and on catalog. So, there's gates around that. No, we're not going to allow that.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Joseph Osha. Your line is open.
Joseph Osha: Jeff just might have asked my question on supply chain. I did want to talk a little bit about passive components and discreets which had been very, very tight. And I'm curious about how that's impacting you on the Aclara business and also on your lighting business.
Dave Nord: Yes. I mean, I think we've observed that tightness, and we've been trying to manage our ordering of components in our relationships with the supply chain accordingly. So, I think that you can see it potentially affecting lead times and whatnot, Joe. But it's something that we're navigating.
Joseph Osha: Do you feel at this point that there's maybe some ability there to find some additional margin there if that loosens up? Are you paying to expedite and to air freight and so forth?
Dave Nord: Yes, I'm not sure that there is extra margin that comes from that. But as I said, it's - you're right to point out that thats - there is a constraint in the supply chain there.
Joseph Osha: Okay. And just the final part of that question and have you seen any signs of loosening there or does it continue to be very, very tight? Thank you.
Dave Nord: Yes, I think its persisting and just part of the backdrop of what we're navigating.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Josh Pokrzywinski. Your line is open.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Just a question on distributor inventory because I think we've seen evidence of both restock and destocking kind of depending on how you approach the market. Dave, what have you seen on that front and what is your sense of kind of where the channel is right now for kind of the typical large scale distributor?
Dave Nord: I think they're overall, they're pretty balanced. I think they have been running lean. Youre right. They've had their ups and downs. But as I mentioned before, we are monitoring closely any loading up that might be occurring at lower prices. We haven't seen any big examples of that but that's one that we're monitoring. I mean, I think we're - there were certainly a rundown early in the year. I think there was some restocking midyear. I'd say from what we've seen, it's pretty balanced right now.
Josh Pokrzywinski: And just to be clear, there's no pre-buy element in your 4Q guidance? If that were to happen, that would be kind of volume upside.
Dave Nord: That's correct. There's nothing - theyre certainly pre-buy volume that's in there, but not meaningfully because we won't look - thats where - we manage that. If it did occur more than we would anticipate, and I'm not expecting that, that would obviously be upside to it.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Understanding it might be a zero-sum game over time. Thats helpful. And then on tariffs more broadly, have you been able to size what percentage of your business that could be tariff at some point in the future List 4 plus that is not being tariff today? So relative to where you stand today, what is kind of the total pie that you could in the future be eligible for a tariff if we kind of escalate this further?
Dave Nord: We've not attempted to quantify List 4 plus, Josh.
Josh Pokrzywinski: I guess maybe to put it in like bigger than a breadbox term, is it bigger or smaller than what you think you're currently going through today?
Dave Nord: Yes. I mean, it's impossible for us to get in the minds of how policy could change going forward. I think what we feel confident in is our ability to manage what's put in front of us and, as Steve was kind of asking, to be prepared for that. So whether thats moving supply chain around and getting in to more favorable country locations, which we're doing, we're spending an awful lot of time on the price lever. There's productivity lever. So we're going to relentlessly attack whatever inflation we get. And - but, no, we haven't tried to quantify the bigger what if that you're talking about.
Josh Pokrzywinski: And then just one last one for me. It seems like Aclara continues to show some upside here. You talked about the record September. Is there an opportunity to maybe be a little bit stickier and force price a little bit more on that? It doesnt seem like quite as raw material heavier business. So, obviously, you're not as pass-through on that front, but just in a stronger demand environment, is there room to maybe offset some of the price challenges elsewhere in the portfolio at Aclara?
Dave Nord: I mean, I think you're right to point out that the demand for their smart grid products is very strong. That's a good thing. Their business tends to be built off of pipeline and kind of lumpier longer-term contracts. And so, the price lever tends to be out a little bit more rather than what you're talking about which is offsetting next quarters' implications. So, I'd say that - it probably doesn't work as a price offset the way you're discussing it.
Maria Lee: Yes. So, Steve, Dan and I will be available all day. So, if - any follow-up questions, just reach out. Thanks for joining us today.
Dave Nord: Appreciate the time and look forward to getting your feedbacks. Thanks.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-07-24 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Maria Lee  Treasurer and Vice President, Investor Relations Dave Nord  Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Bill Sperry  Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Christopher Glynn  Oppenheimer Rich Kwas  Wells Fargo Securities Steve Tusa  JPMorgan Jeffrey Sprague  Vertical Research Partners Nigel Coe  Wolfe Research Joseph Osha  JMP Securities
Operator: Good morning. My name is Amanda, and Ill be your conference operator today. At this time, Id like to welcome everyone to the second quarter 2018 results conference call. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Ms. Maria Lee, you may begin your conference.
Maria Lee: Thanks, Amanda. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. I am joined today by our Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, Dave Nord; and our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Bill Sperry. Hubbell announced its second quarter results for 2018 this morning. The press release and earnings slide materials have been posted to the Investors section of our website at www. hubbell.com. Please note that our comments this morning may include statements related to the expected future results of our company, and are forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Therefore, please note the discussion of forward-looking statements in our press release and consider it incorporated by reference into this call. In addition, comments may also include non-GAAP financial measures. Those measures are reconciled to the comparable GAAP measures, and are included in the press release in the earnings slide materials. Now let me turn the call over to Dave.
Dave Nord: Thanks, Maria. Good morning, everybody. Thanks for joining us. You can see from our press release that we had a strong quarter performance for Hubbell, and thats obviously reflected in our results. It was just a couple of months ago at EPG, we said we remain confident in our ability to meet or exceed our expectations for the full year. And Ill tell you, were even more confident today as you can see in the second quarter results and the guidance raised for the full year, which well walk you through a bit later. Bottom line today is, we continue to feel good about the overall markets and our ability to deliver on our commitments. Before Bill gets into the details on our results, I just wanted to spend a few minutes on what we see at some of the really key takeaways from the second quarter performance. Starting on Page 3. First, our end markets continue to trend positively. Not only are all of our end markets growing, but theyre each growing at the high end of the range weve previously laid out. And were taking our overall end-market growth assumption upfront from 2% to 4% to 3% to 4%. Price material cost, in line with expectations. We continue to trend well overall. We certainly saw a little bit more headwind from material costs than previously anticipated, but thats more than offset by the additional pricing actions, which were seeing good traction on in the marketplace. On Aclara, we continue to see strong execution in the largest acquisition on Hubbells history, with results trending ahead of expectations on better sales and integration performance. Our free cash flow was strong in the quarter and the good news is, were back on track for the year after a softer first quarter and we continue to expect to deliver an excess of 100% of net income for the year. And finally, were raising our 2018 adjusted EPS guidance, reflecting our increased confidence in our underlying business performance. We note that this guidance raise is inclusive of the impact of some of the tariffs that have been put in place, specifically Section 301 on List 1 and List 2. Were doing that through offsetting mitigation actions and including price increases. And also, at guidance, it absorbs the previously disclosed Aclara accounting change where  remember, where we talked about we have to reclass some of our previously thought of as CapEx to R&D expense. So we think that the ability to raise guidance while absorbing these items is certainly reflective of the strong performance of the business. So before  but before I turn it over to Bill, as I like to do, I wanted to just highlight a couple of the key accomplishments by the team in the quarter. I think, first of all, our Construction and Energy team, we received the quality award from a key customer from 6 consecutive months, with no product defects in the gas business, which is a great accomplishment for the team. It shows theyre focused on executing for customers, while simultaneously delivering high levels of growth and strong operating performance. And we also had a chance to travel through our Vega Baja plant in Puerto Rico, part of Darrins Commercial and Industrial group, to check in and see how everyones doing. You recall that they were severely impacted last fall with Hurricane Maria. There was certainly a tremendous amount of destruction to the island. But I can tell you from first-hand talking to the people, it takes a lot to crush their spirits. I heard stories about people showing up at the plant the day after the hurricane wanting to go to work. Of course, the plant had no power, so we had to make alternative arrangements. Theyre all back working, despite the personal loss, and well do all we can to help ease their burden. But the level of commitment that, that team shows is just a great testimony to the culture in Hubbell and the commitment that our team throughout the organization has, and I compliment them. It was to great to see it first hand. Obviously, in other part of the Electrical business, Lighting, Kevin and his team have been doing a great job, getting their cost in line, getting price discipline and continuing to build on the improvements that they had last year, and you would see that in their margin performance for sure. And lastly on the Power side. I mean, the big focus for the Power team is obviously the integration of Aclara, which we said is doing quite well there. The revenue is above plan. The meter business is up over 25% in the second quarter. They are diversifying their portfolio with some international orders coming from South America, the Caribbean, Europe, Asia Pacific. Orders in the second quarter are above target and they continue to work on innovation. They announced in the second quarter ZoneScan, which is a water AMI product, and they took in order for Synergize RF, which is an electric AMI. So all good news. The integrations on track and were very pleased with the performance, and Bill will get a little more into that in detail in just a minute. So I think all in all, a good start to the year, and let me turn it over to Bill to get into more details.
Bill Sperry: Thank you, Dave, and thank you, everybody, for taking time to join us. Hubbells performance in the second quarter was very strong, and the engine of that performance was the top line. You see sales of $1.17 billion, representing organic growth of 5%. That 5%, really, is coming from very constructive end-market backdrop, broad and consistent end markets contributing to that organic growth. In addition, weve successfully invested in inorganic growth as you see the acquisitions adding another 18% to our top line story. For OP, we executed very well. We saw 20 basis points of margin expansion to 14.4%, really using productivity and volume to help overcome the price cost headwinds that we are facing. And the outcome of that, margin expansion and sales growth is  earnings growth to $1.97, 38% increase from prior year. A very strong earnings performance there and all of that driving solid cash flow performance as well. And well talk more about that and the importance of cash flow to executing our business strategy. So lets start with the engine of this success, which is in the sales growth, Im on Page 5. The 23%, obviously, largely driven by the acquisitions, but 5% from organic. And youll see a lot of green arrows there, very consistent and strong end-market support. Were enjoying very supportive conditions here, obviously. In the non-res side, we first separate between public and private. The private non-res market, much more important to us and theyre still 10% below of the prior peak and in the seventh year of expansion. When you look at the leading indicators in terms of starts and momentum, it appears that there are continued growth out there for non-res. On Electrical Transmission & Distribution, both sides are strong. For Transmission, really small to midsized projects are powering the growth there. On the Distribution side, also strong. Were seeing spending on system hardening caused by some of Mother Natures influence, California fires and storms in the Southeast. But also, a general good weather has been supportive of construction as well for distribution there. On Industrial, in particular, were seeing a very nice rebound on the heavy side, very welcome volume coming back to us there as Industrial is growing. Oil and gas, oil has been more mid-single digits, but gas has been in the double digits. And as you all know, over the last few years, weve invested about $240 million to build the business, with exposure to the gas distribution side there, very similar to our Power business. And resi has been strong as well. So a very, very supportive end-market picture underlying our sales performance. So as we look at operating profit, well break down on Page 6 between the gross and the S&A, and youll see gross profit growing 20% from $296 million to $355 million. The margin was a little bit below last year as theyre absorbing Aclara coming on at lower margin and price material headwinds of about a point. But as you can see on the right, on where we have selling and administrative expense, you see the benefit of being efficient and having larger revenue base as we saved about 100 basis points in terms of S&A expense as a percentage of sales. So that translates into operating profit on Page 7. You see $34 million of new operating income to $168 million. You see 20 basis points of margin expansion. That dollar is representing a 25% increase. Then you see both the volume of organic and inorganic coming through to help drive that. And if that kind of flows through to earnings, you see 38% increase in earnings per share from $1.43 to $1.97, very healthy increase in earnings. While we had lower tax rates, which were very helpful, we did have a higher interest expense offsetting some of that because of the acquisition. So its really an operating story thats driving that earnings improvement. So we had the sales growth and margin expansion driving earnings. Well kind of break that down now amongst the two segments. Ill start on Page 8 with the Electrical segment. Very, very strong quarter for each of the three businesses that comprise our Electrical segment. We saw a 5% organic growth and we saw 200 basis points of margin expansion to 13.3%, with all three groups contributing to that margin expansion. So within the sales growth, thats all organic at 5%. Highest growers were gas in the double digits and Industrial in the high single digits. So good consistent growth across-the-board. For our Lighting business, they had modest volume growth with about a point of price drag creating a very flat volume story, but their margins improved impressively as their cost management and benefits of all the restructuring are really starting to pay off. So important strategy there of the Lighting team to not chase the unproductive volume and try to be as disciplined on the price fronts as we can. But for the Electrical segment here, you see very strong incrementals and a very, very positive story there for the segment. Page 9, well switch to power. And you see 64% increase in sales to $478 million for the quarter. Also, a strong 5% organic underlying that. Transmission & Distribution, as weve discussed, both supportive and the acquisition is providing really the lions share of the growth there. For the operating income, you see a 26% increase in income to $76 million. The margins are down as a result of Aclara coming on and having lower margins and you still see the price cost headwind less than two points, so an improved position since the first quarter. They did have higher  as David referenced in his comments, they did have higher material costs, but they had an increase in pricing and starting to set up for a better second half as they managed that price cost headwind there in Power. So free cash flow was a very important part of our performance for the second quarter. You can see on the top half of the chart, a very strong improvement to prior year, $127 million of free cash flow. It was very important for us to have a good second quarter. I think youll recall from the first quarter, we had essentially a breakeven quarter. And on top of that, we had about $25 million of onetimers coming out of tax reform and Aclara transaction costs. So essentially, this second quarter gets us in line year-to-date at $105 million to support the year that weve promised you of having free cash flow ahead of net income. And within that $105 million, we had about $47 million of CapEx for the year-to-date so were spending about half of what we expect for the year. And that $152 million of operating cash flow is supportive of the amount of operating cash flow we expect for the full year. We also wanted to show you EBITDA on Page 11. Not something weve talked about consistently over the years. But given a lot of the changes that weve had in the portfolio, we thought it would be quite a useful measure to show whats growing in the business. So you see both the quarter on the top and the year-to-date on the bottom, a very healthy double-digit growth rates of EBITDA. And for the year-to-date, the burden between interest and taxes are largely offset. So this measure is quite a good indicator of both net income growth as well as the noncash amortization thats burdening that to really show what the cash earnings trajectory of the business is in a simple measure, so thats why were showing that to you. And I was going to ask Maria to comment on Page 12 on the capital structure.
Maria Lee: Okay. Thanks, Bill. On the capital structure, we ended the second quarter with $195 million of cash approximately 90% of which was held outside of the U.S. As for the decrease in cash from year-end, we repatriated about $210 million of international cash and used it to pay down debt, both commercial paper and some term loan. While CP looks like its been flat at $63 million for the 6-month period, it had actually increased pretty significantly in Q1 as the results of borrowings to fund the Aclara acquisition in February. So a lot of hard work from the team went into reducing that balance from the Q1 level. You can also see we started paying down the amortization of our $500 million prepayable term loan, which we issued in connection with the Aclara acquisition. We also have four tranches of long-term senior notes, all with rates in the low to mid-3s, and we have a $750 million credit facility that backs our commercial paper program and is fully available. Reducing our leverage is one of our capital allocation priorities. Our net debt to total capital is just under 50% and we remain on track to reduce our debt-to-EBITDA ratio by about 0.5 turn to approximately 2.7 times by year-end 2018. And with that, Ill hand it back to Bill.
Bill Sperry: I think Id also kind of comment more largely on capital allocation, as Maria mentioned. So weve been growing the CapEx, as I mentioned, at $47 million halfway through. We announced our dividend on Friday. We bought back about $10 million worth of shares in the quarter and anticipate doing more through the rest of the year. Maria mentioned some debt paydown and I think we got the balance sheet here poised to be able to invest in small acquisitions as well. So all of that cash flow and the state of this balance sheet, I think, are very supportive of us continuing our capital allocation strategy to support the profitable growth of the business. Page 13. Dave highlighted the end-market outlook and the fact that, essentially, each of our markets was performing closer to the top end of the range rather than the midpoint. So what weve done here is essentially raise the bottom point. So starting at noon, Transmission & Distribution was previously at 2% to 4%, were raising that to 3% to 4% here. Resi was 2% to 4%. Were actually seeing positive performance there, so we raised that 5% to 6%. Non-res was formerly at 1% to 3%, raising that to 2% to 3%. Industrial was 2% to 4%, raising that to 3% to 4%. Oil and gas was 5% to 7%, raising to 6% to 7%. So the effect of raising effectively all of those bottom ends takes the end-market growth expected for the year from 2% to 4% up to 3% to 4%. So again, not necessarily acceleration that were seeing in the second half, but a recognition of strength that we experienced in the first half that we see, really, carrying through. So on Page 14, we wanted to revisit the price material cost that Dave had spent time at EPG in May discussing with you all. And we thought it was a pretty clear picture of the fact that, in the second quarter, the material cost headwind did increase on us, but you can really see the traction that our price increase has had in the quarter. And maybe more importantly, the traction that were anticipating those having to go into the second half to really create the price cost tailwind that we need to reverse, the headwind weve had in the first half. And you see the mentioned that weve excluded tariffs from this picture, and its worth discussing tariffs with you all. So when you start with Section 232, the direct impact on us was immaterial. And it was the indirect impact that really, we think, is one of the drivers of the red material cost inflation that you see on Page 14 and that, as you can see here, were offsetting essentially with price. What we see with 301 List 1, essentially, impacts our Power Systems business and our commercial and industrial business. The SKUs are switches and connectors and other areas. List 2 is largely affecting GFCI, which is in our Commercial and Industrial business. Were reacting to those primarily with two levers, one is price and the second is supply chain realignment. In supply chain, youll see everything from us that were already in process of implementing from switching from China to other Asia, from China to Mexico and from China to U.S. And we are remediating those, both of the impacts of those lists. Right now, I would say that we are anticipating having order of magnitude of about $0.05 impact in each of the third and fourth quarters. And were striving very hard to reduce those impacts, but we are absorbing that impact in the guidance that Dave shared with you. List 3 is still something were spending some time analyzing. It affects our Lighting business, notably. And the impact of price  using price as a remediation lever there will be particularly interesting, as one of the factors influencing Lighting has been lower-cost Chinese imports, so itll be interesting to see if thats a more constructive environment in order to raise price to offset that. So in tariffs, in short, from List 1 and 2, hurting us by about $0.05 a quarter. Were absorbing that in our guide. And our objective for List 3 is to offset those impacts as well. So with that, I was going to switch back to Dave to talk about our outlook for the balance of the year.
Dave Nord: All right. Great. Thanks, Bill. Yes, so maybe Ill just highlight how we see the remainder of the year on Page 15. Obviously, with the end-market growth uptick that Bill went through as well as the performance of Aclara to date, were taking up the low end of our sales growth. It was 15% to 20%. We think its more of 18% to 20%. Still some new product development driving some modest market outperformance in there, but the big drivers are clearly acquisitions, specifically Aclara, and the better end markets. As I mentioned earlier, were raising and tightening the EPS range. Diluted EPS of $6.25 to $6.55, and adjusted EPS of $7.05 to $7.35. Were raising the bottom on the adjusted by $0.10 as we go through the year. A lot attributing to that. The improved operational performance, for sure. As Bill mentioned, weve got the impact of 232 and 301 List 1 and 2, and List 3 is early. But I think everyone  I can assure you that the whole team is focused on the actions necessary to mitigate that. I can tell you from my recent industry experience in Washington, I think theres still a view that not all of this will ultimately survive, but we can operate on that uncertainty. Were operating on the basis that its here, its going to continue and we need to operate accordingly to do whats necessary to mitigate it. So thats how were working on it. And obviously, free cash flow, greater than net income. I think the second quarter, certainly, demonstrates that we can do that with the disciplined attention and getting through some of the  getting passed some of the noise from the first quarter that were dealing with. So if you turn to Page 16, this is just an update on the waterfall we showed you last quarter. Key changes here. Certainly, the core performance is better, as we already talked about, and a little bit lower amortization from Aclara, $0.05 lower amortization. So let me summarize the  what youve heard and how we see things. Certainly, the first half of 2018 is done. The year so far is shaping up solidly, trending in line with our expectations. Were certainly well positioned to continue to benefit from this strong end markets. Were continuing to benefit from a lot of the difficult restructuring actions that are paying off. Certainly, we continue to do more, and we will, but just part of our normal day-to-day operations. Were seeing positive tailwinds from tax reform, both lower rates and balance sheet flexibility thats allowed for some of the repatriation that Maria mentioned earlier. And of course, we  our key focus is on the successful integration of the largest acquisition in our history. Thats all the good news. We continue to have to battle the commodity inflation as a headwind, but I think we  the organization is clearly on top of that. Weve seen the traction and that is  were seeing that start to turn. We keep getting more thrown at us in the ways of tariffs and others, but I think the process is in place to keep that at bay. So we raised our guidance based on our strong second quarter performance. Certainly, it was a little stronger than we expected. It may have been a little stronger than the market expected. We just needed to demonstrate that we could do what we were planning to do and get caught up on price, which I think we are well on track to do. So our priorities for the rest of this year, were going to continue to capitalize on that market growth. Were going to continue to get price from our differentiated products and our service. Were going to spend appropriately on the actions supporting long-term growth, whether thats on acquisitions, R&D, share repurchase. Were going to do that because were going to continue to focus on generating cash and integrate Aclara. We laid out our vision for 2020 at our Investor Day in March and provided you some additional details on our objectives a couple of months ago at EPG. And I can tell you, were certainly on track to deliver on those commitments and I believe  we believe that those commitments will represent a differentiated earnings growth for our investors. And Im confident, were doing the right thing to make this vision a reality. So with that, let me open it up to questions. Amanda?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Christopher Glynn with Oppenheimer.
Christopher Glynn: Thanks, good morning congratulations on Electrical margins there.
Bill Sperry: Thanks Chris.
Christopher Glynn: On Electrical, I think long-term seasonality, 2Q to 3Q, theres usually some seasonal lift. It wasnt exactly the case the last couple of years. Is there any reason that notion of seasonality doesnt stick  hold as the base case for this year with the better macro fundamentals?
Bill Sperry: No. I think, Chris, we would anticipate typical seasonality.
Christopher Glynn: Okay. And anything on Electrical book-to-bill on second quarter?
Dave Nord: In the second quarter? I mean, I think all of our businesses were book-to-bill over one. So I think we saw strength in the second quarter.
Christopher Glynn: Okay. And on Lighting, a couple of quick ones. Any early indications of the price increases by all the majors that were announced starting to stick? And then secondly, I think the trade groups are working on making headway versus the offshores and the seemingly accepted assumption that the dynamic thats taken place with that demographic is tantamount to product dumping.
Bill Sperry: Yes. So lets start with your pricing question. I think its maybe a little too early to really see things, but we had about a point of drag. And thats a little bit better than what we have been doing and  but was kind of in line with expectations, and so I think its still a little too early to tell. And Im not sure, Dave, if we have much comment on the concept of dumping or not.
Dave Nord: No. But I think that Bill made reference to particularly on List 2, big impact on List 2 is around Lighting products. And so I think that, thats one of the areas that, in absolute terms, there could be a cost associated with it. But then there could be a competitive advantage because that would effectively, if in fact, there is evidence of, as you referred to dumping, then you would make the pricing more cost-competitive, make the U.S. manufacturers at least on even par. So that remains to be seen how that plays out, Chris. Theres a lot more to go on that, but thats where I think a lot of that is going.
Christopher Glynn: Okay. And I figured to sneak in one more for Aclara. Obviously, pretty exceptional growth this year. How do we think about that as you pivot to 2019? The run rates kind of  does that have to take kind of a pause here or is the backlog and the pipeline suggesting otherwise? 
Dave Nord: Well, certainly, the backlog and the pipeline is still solid. I mean, weve talked about $1 billion backlog, more importantly, a $3 billion qualified pipeline. And that pipeline continues to be significant and we continue to get our fair share of that pipeline. So I think it bodes well for continued strong performance, the magnitude of year-over-year improvement. It is only July, so.
Christopher Glynn: Okay thank you.
Dave Nord: Okay.
Operator: Your next question comes from Rich Kwas with Wells Fargo Securities. Richard Michael
Rich Kwas: On Lighting, just back on that. So in terms of the stuff that would be affected, my understanding is it would be the lower cost of stuff where the Chinese imports have really made some, hey, residential stock inflow like commercial. What percentage of the production you do is sourced from China or Asia versus whats done in Mexico or on the continent? Is there a way to think about that, because thats kind.
Bill Sperry: Yes. Our supply chain for Lighting, broadly speaking for residential, has a lot  a large percentage coming in from China. In terms of the Commercial and Industrial business, some of the componentry does, but really the manufacturing is done in Mexico and U.S. And so we want to keep analyzing List three, Rich, and try to really understand its impact before giving out too many of those pieces, I think.
Rich Kwas: But it would be fair to think that you would have capacity that you could utilize here to bring it back in-house if you have to bring it back in-house if you have to bring it back to the continent, right, some of the residential stuff?
Bill Sperry: Yes. If youre saying is supply chain realignment an available lever, we would say that, thats something were evaluating, yes.
Rich Kwas: Okay. All right. And then on Power, so the margin on the legacy business was a little bit better in first quarter year- over-year, but how should we think about the second half of the year? I mean, you indicated its going to be better, but how  in the context of being price cost positive exiting for the entire company, it sounds like  how should we think about Lighting and Power?
Bill Sperry: Yes. So Power, with that red and blue chart where we showed price cost, it shows the second half as having the price larger than the material costs. With Power, thats really going to take until the fourth quarter for that traction to catch up, Rich. So I still think theres going to be, in the third quarter, a little bit of the price cost headwind still within Power even though with Electrical youll see that flipping.
Rich Kwas: So  but so negative in third quarter for Power, and then should we think of it neutral by the fourth quarter?
Bill Sperry: Yes.
Rich Kwas: Okay. And then last one, Bill, on tax rate. Whats the updated guide you have for tax rate for the year? Is it still 24% to 26%? And then, now, youve had six months to look at tax reform?
Bill Sperry: Yes. I think 24% probably is feeling more in the range now that weve got the first half in our  in the barn here. So there will still be puts and takes, obviously, but I think 24% is a good expectation for us.
Rich Kwas: And then longer term, any thoughts on opportunity to bring that down further?
Bill Sperry: Yes. We sort of were happy with the first 600 basis point move. But yes, well keep looking for opportunities.
Rich Kwas: Okay. Real quick, just in Lighting. Did you say Lighting  was Lighting revenue flat year-over-year? You said something about volume and price, I just want to clear that.
Bill Sperry: Yes. The volume was modestly positive and the price was one point negative. And so you had basically flat sales for us for Lighting, but we did much better on the profit side of that. So that equation, I think, its better for us to be not maxing out on volume and instead being focused on where we can get the most constructive price
Rich Kwas: Okay thanks.
Operator: And your next question comes from Steve Tusa with JPMorgan. 
Steve Tusa: Hey guys good morning.
Bill Sperry: Good morning Steve.
Steve Tusa: So just on the free cash flow. Anything abnormal seasonally here as we think about it through the rest of the year or what happened here in the first half?
Bill Sperry: Yes. Id say, the first half, the abnormality really was some outflows related to tax reform in the first quarter and paying some Aclara transaction costs. So Id say, we were burdened by maybe $25 million of sort of onetimers. But for us, the seasonality of cash flow when you cut it by quarter, we have a very strong back end and the intention in a lot of that around collecting receivables at the end of the year and managing inventories down after the sales peak in Q3, and so this is shaping up, Steve. And it feels similarly so were talking target-wise of getting to $500 million of operating cash flow and 100-ish or so of CapEx. To get  those targets, we feel, are seasonally supported by where we are, but it was important for us to have the strong second quarter to get there.
Steve Tusa: So I guess, Im just kind of like doing the math and I guess everybody does seasonal math differently using a certain amount of time. But its just simple, back of the envelope gets me higher than $365 million you talked about at EPG. Am I doing the right math on that?
Bill Sperry: Yes I think so.
Steve Tusa: Im getting somewhere in the $380 million to $3.90-ish million range. Is that about right for this year?
Dave Nord: I think thats right, Steve. I think thats right.
Steve Tusa: Thats well on the way to 500 plus, I guess. Plus does actually mean something here, thats good to hear. And then just lastly on the T&D side, what specifically is kind of happening there? Is that just some of this pent- up pipeline coming through and anything in particular driving that?
Bill Sperry: Yes. I think on the transmission side, these small and medium-sized projects, which is really good business for us. I think our brand is very well set up to support our customers doing that. And I think on the D side, its much more  there has been some construction supported by some decent weather. But a lot of it is kind of O&M and system hardening seems to be the word of the day to kind of strengthen those last mile networks. But for us to be growing kind of 5% organic is a very healthy for T&D, as you know, so thats good news. 
Steve Tusa: Yes absolutely great cash flow and looking forward, thanks.
Operator: And your next question comes from Jeffrey Sprague with Vertical Research Partners. 
Jeffrey Sprague: Good morning. Just picking up on T& D, obviously, youre saying youre benefiting from good weather getting some work done. How do you think about the hurricane comps and the like? I mean assuming kind of a normal storm season, it seems that you feel like you can kind of just power right through those comps and grow nicely, just based on what youre seeing in the pipeline. Is that correct?
Bill Sperry: Yes. I assumed theres no pun intended there, but I do think that youre saying it the same way were looking at it. Well power through based on  but youre right, there is some headwind from some big volume comps last year. But certainly, the way were analyzing backlog and looking at it. Well power through based on  but youre right, there is some headwind from some big volume comps last year. But certainly, the way were analyzing backlog and looking at some of the pent-up demand, you would power through those comps.
Jeffrey Sprague: And I think also on Power, you were suggesting there was just more customer resistance to price than you were seeing in your Electrical businesses. And I mean, I guess, theyre still resisting, but youre finding a way to overcome that. Or has something changed in the market, perhaps more of these investments going into CapEx sort of OpEx, for example, and anything like that that would kind of make it easier to get prices were looking forward.
Dave Nord: No. I think one of the things, Jeff, from certainly the first quarter is the material cost headwind being more broad-based across  and affecting all the participants in the industry, so it just became commonplace. I think, early on, there were some participants who thought they might be able to hold price and gain share, and I think that lasted about two weeks until the reality of that material cost headwind hit. And then all of the sudden it was okay. We  I mean, were all in this. And I think thats true for us, for all of industry. But I think the utility side, early on, had a little bit more resistance, as you call it. I talked about some people wanting their benefit from tax reform and all kinds of other interesting ideas. But I think the demand is out there, the reality of these cost headwinds is out there and so its been  Im cautious to say this because Gerben would kill, but it has been a little easier, all right. To get it then, we certainly felt 90 days ago. So...
Bill Sperry: Right.
Jeffrey Sprague: Right. And perhaps you could elaborate a little bit on what the impressive margin execution in Lighting meant in terms of year-over-year improvement or sequential improvement or kind of how youre run rating in that business?
Bill Sperry: Yes. Just last year, around this time, were kind of dealing with some cost inefficiencies as they were spending  as they were spending a lot and that certainly caught up with our operating performance, service, et cetera. And thats all been remediated, corrected itself and were sort of operating at what feels to us very sustainable and predictable cost rates that have benefited now from those restructuring actions. So the margin expansion was attractive in Lighting and very welcome to come back.
Jeffrey Sprague: And then just one last one for me, just the actual underlying margin performance at Aclara itself. Just trying to kind of pick apart all these price costs and mix issues and everything  how is Aclara underlying margin execution actually playing here?
Bill Sperry: Yes. So they  we were talking on Steves question about seasonality. Aclara, we anticipate well have similar seasonality to Hubbell namely, very strong third quarter and better second half in terms of margin performance. Were anticipating, for the year, that theyre doing sort of and towards the mid-teens of EBITDA for the year. For the second quarter, they were helping us with double digits of OP. And of the $0.54 that we added at earnings per share, Jeff, Aclara, net of the interest expense that we took on contributed $0.11 of that $0.54. So their margins are lower than Powers, but a good contributor to our growth and our earnings.
Jeffrey Sprague: Great. Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from Nigel Coe with Wolfe Research.
Nigel Coe: Thanks, good morning. So just wanted to kind of like latch on to Jeffs question on Aclara there. So if I understood the answer correctly, $0.11 of the EPS growth came from Aclara. I think youve got $0.50 in the full year guidance. So just maybe just talk about how you feel about that $0.50 which is unchanged from last quarter, about that $0.50 for the full year. How much more confident you feel in that number?
Bill Sperry: Yes. I think now weve got really five operating months under our belt, Nigel, and that feels better. So I think one of the drivers for them, weve talked about how good their volumes are. Thats been skewed, as David mentioned, to meters. If I were being a real picky, Id rather have that volume be skewed to comps from a margin perspective. But given that underlying strength, we feel good about what theyll give us for the year.
Nigel Coe: Okay. And what was the overall organic growth for Aclara in the quarter?
Bill Sperry: Well, we dont have  we didnt own it last year, so its not contributing anything but in that 18% of incremental acquisition growth. But compared to it, prior to our ownership, they had double-digit growth for the quarter.
Nigel Coe: Right. Right. Okay. Great. And then switching to industrial and obviously, it took up the low end of your year full year guidance for Industrial by one point. I think you said high single-digit growth for the Industrial for the  for second quarter. So it implies a little bit of a giveback, a little bit of  quite a lot of deceleration in the back half of the year. Is that conservatism? I mean I had a sense of accomplishment, did you really think that would lead to that?
Bill Sperry: Sorry. The mid  the high single-digit comment was to heavy industrial. So the light industrial, which is a higher portion of total industrial, is smaller. So I do think that, that heavy industrial piece is margin-rich for us, so we kind of watch it even though its a small percentage. But for us, this is a nice solid recovery out of 2015, 2016, first quarter 2017 of how industrial was performing. So were very pleased to see it doing what its doing.
Nigel Coe: Okay. And just one quick  just a quick one on light industrial. Any possible weakness in that light industrial bucket? And I ask the question that we have some weakness in food and beverage, for example, any possible weakness youd put out there?
Bill Sperry: Weve been not seeing that. So for us  and I think we have a pretty broad cross-section there, but Id say its been growing just fine from our perspective.
Nigel Coe: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Operator: And your final question comes from Joseph Osha with JMP Securities.
Joseph Osha: Hey, Maria, good morning. Just to drill down on Aclara, again, a little bit. If I look at whats implied by the year-on-year inorganic number, it would appear to imply that this business is a good deal bigger than that $500 million run rate that you talked about last December. Can you maybe help me a little bit to understand what sort of run rate I should be thinking about? And then, secondly, I am hearing from a couple of the other metering companies that certain components, especially passive components, are really, really hard to get. And Im wondering how that might be impacting that business, especially on the Electrical side? Thanks.
Bill Sperry: Yes. So starting on the top line, doing $500 million last year with double-digit growth, should get you $550 million or better this year. So thats straightforward. I think on the component side, we are seeing the same thing and its lengthening out lead times, for sure. And its made vendor relations important, its made forecasting important and managing inventory in anticipation of demand has all become more important skills. But we have seen those components impacting lead time on the supply side, for sure.
Joseph Osha: Okay. And so the $550 million then, would that imply that the business weakened seasonally in the second half of the year or is my math off on Aclara?
Bill Sperry: Yes. Were anticipating a strong third quarter. So well have to check the math offline. Its not
Maria Lee: We can follow up.
Joseph Osha: Alright, thanks very much.
Operator: And now Id like to turn it back over to Ms. Maria Lee for any final closing comments.
Maria Lee: All right. Thanks, everyone, for joining us and the IR team will be available for questions.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude todays call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-04-24 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Maria Lee - Treasurer and VP, IR David Nord - Chairman, President & CEO William Sperry - SVP & CFO
Analysts: Christopher Glen - Oppenheimer Steve Tusa - JPMorgan Rich Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities Jeff Sprague - Vertical Research Joseph Osha - JMP Securities
Operator: Good morning, my name is Teresa, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the First Quarter 2018 Results Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speaker's remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instruction] Thank you, Ms. Maria Lee, you may begin your conference.
Maria Lee: Thanks Teresa. Good morning, everyone and thanks for joining us. I'm joined today by our Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; Dave Nord, and our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Bill Sperry. Hubbell announced its first quarter results for 2018 this morning. The press release and earnings slide materials have been posted to the Investor section of our website at www.hubbell.com. Please note that our comments this morning may include statements related to the expected future results of our company and are forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Therefore, please note the discussion of forward-looking statements in our press release and consider it incorporated by reference into this call. In addition, comments may also include non-GAAP financial measures. Those measures are reconciled to the comparable GAAP measures and are included in the press release and the earnings slide materials. Now let me turn the call over to Dave.
David Nord: Okay. Thanks Maria. Thanks everybody for joining us this morning. As you see from our press release this morning, it's certainly a busy quarter, but a productive one as well. We've seen some strong topline results. But of course you know, the good news always has some offsets and as we talked back in our Investor Day earlier in March, we've got the price cost challenges that we're fighting through but I think, we see that more broadly in the market. And then the good news, we've got the tax tailwind benefiting us and I think benefiting the overall economy. And of course, the biggest level of activity in the quarter has certainly been the acquisition and the continued efforts in the integration of Aclara, certainly the largest in our history. I think all those things certainly contribute to a challenge -- it's all good news, particularly on the Aclara side, but I think all of that activity certainly adds to the complexity of telling our story and so, we're going to try to work through that the best we can. We've, heard from you all on different topics. I've had some discussions and we try to address a lot of those, obviously appreciate that input. But one of the things we also want to do is, make sure that we're not changing the rules every quarter and making it even more difficult to follow. So we're trying to maintain some consistency. So, so bear with us as we go through that. You see that sales were up 16%, 3% of that is organic. End markets across all of our five major market segments expanded. We saw particular strength in oil and gas, and hope that, that continues and with the increase in oil prices, certainly that is what we would expect. We've also had some benefit from the long awaited turnaround in heavy industrial, which you recall was still in decline in the back half of last year. But, while there's been some softness in pockets in broader market categories, specifically on the C&I lighting side most notably, it's encouraging that we can finally see more general consistency in market growth due to varying degrees, especially across some of our higher margin businesses that we're hoping to begin to contribute more. I've been out in the market recently spending time with customers and I think certainly the market is still positive across the Board. I think they all have an element of caution around the uncertainty of some of the trade discussions, but they're also benefiting and seeing the benefit from tax reform and so, we think that'll continue to add value. On the operating income side on a reported basis, it was $100 million, which is a margin of 10%, excluding Aclaras deal and acquisition-related cost margin was 12.3%, 30 basis points lower than last year, certainly not directionally where we want to be, but considering what we've seen as the impact at least in the early part of the year on price cost, were at least satisfied with that, never happy, but we're satisfied. The rise in material cost, especially steel certainly had a significant impact in the quarter. As you know, we're targeting offsetting material cost increases with price, but typically with a three to six month lag. And I think we're getting price in certain key markets, that impact of price and material cost increases in the quarter was 1.5 margin for us and it was a significant deal, but we certainly expect that to, and Bill will cover that in more detail, but we certainly think that the pricing actions, we've taken will start to show the benefit as we progress and can certainly turn positive in the second half, sometime in the second half of the year. And I can tell you that, while there's certain businesses, a few of our businesses that might have been behind in pricing, I think we have found that there's other parts of our business where we were ahead and others are now trying to catch up in some of those markets. Specifically we've got some high material content markets where we were out early and no one seemed to follow. And then come two or three months later, some in the industry are then coming out with bigger increases in scrambling to catch up. We find everywhere in some cases we're ahead. So on balance I think we're in a good position, but certainly more to do and I can tell you that all of our operating leaders are fighting for that each and every day. And I think the market is certainly expecting it, but we're always going to challenge any price increase. So we've got a lot of work to do to continue to put that through. And this price contract will impact, we're fortunate because we were able to mitigate some of that with the tailwinds that we have from a lot of the cost reduction actions that we've been taking over the over the last three years as well as ongoing cost controls in the short term to try and mitigate some of that impact. So bottom line, execution on improving that margin, particularly around price and productivity is a priority for us. Earnings per share on a reported basis was $1.05. This includes $0.34 of Aclara-related deal cost and acquisition related costs. I say that specifically because obviously Aclara has some other impacts within the power segment and Bill will talk about that later. It also includes -- those results also includes $0.12 of intangible asset amortization from acquisitions other than Aclara. So, you can put those together and come up with what the total amortization is. But we're specifically focusing on an adjusted basis to address Aclara's deal activity. And of course our earnings per share in the quarter also benefited from a lower tax rate. Back on the Aclara, the integration is going well and its on track after the first two months. With all the activity, we sometimes forget that it's only been two months because it's certainly a lot of work to integrate, a significant acquisition for us. The business is performing as expected. Strong sales growth and continued positive customer feedback. I was just out at IEEE in Denver last week. I know some of you were out there as well. Hopefully you had a chance to see the Hubbell booth. You could see firsthand, how significant our presence is in the utility space. And more importantly, hopefully you could see how integrated and the effect of one Hubbell were, you could see within the Hubbell booth, the BURNDY product offerings right next to the Aclara product offerings, the high voltage product offerings and all that comes to play in that space. But specifically when I think about Aclara and what I was hearing consistently from participants at IEEE was a very positive reaction and in fact a lot of the good Hubbell channel partners and customers are keenly interested in how they can add that to their portfolio, which is exactly been part of the strategy, confirms the strategy for the acquisition. So, we think that that's really a very positive. We're also seeing results in working together, more examples of one Hubbell, you know, outside of acquisitions. One example of this is in the quarter we want a utility order for a submersible pump could best connector, that had specific design and delivery requirements. The product in order to do that was made by one of our businesses within the construction and energy business. And of course, you know, that's in our electrical segment, but it's sold by the power systems team. A really nice way for a coordinated effort across the businesses with, guys like Gervin, right in the power business and Rod running the construction and energy business really working together to make sure we can provide the solution to an important customer. You also probably saw our board approved the quarterly dividend of $0.77 per share last week. That's important because it - I hope you recognize, it demonstrates our continued focus on shareholder return and the need to drive cash generation and our commitment to effective deployment of capital. We're able to repatriate about a $180 million of cash and began to pay down debt as expected. I'll say though, if you see our results, our free cash flow in the quarter was disappointed. It's typically our lowest quarter and this year in additionally dampened by some onetime items. The timing of collections, certainly some tax payments and payments around the [indiscernible]. But still, you can look at the results and our working capital performance certainly has a lot of room to improve. So that's the other area that we are keenly focused on. And the result we expect free cash flow will be greater than net income for the year. So with that overview, let me turn it over to Bill to go through some more of the specifics of the quarter and I'll come back and talk about our outlook.
William Sperry: Thanks very much Dave. Good to be with you everybody. Just to highlight what Dave was saying, really four trends in the quarter, that are going to be woven into our performance here. One, end market strength; two, the commodity inflation thats coming with that market strength; three, is the benefit of tax reform; and four, is the Aclara, the new acquisition. So all four of those trends are going to see everywhere in our results. And Dave really gave you the results on page three. So I'm going to start on page four of the slide material that Maria referenced at the beginning of the call. And you will see, our first quarter sales of $991 million, a 16% increase over prior year, 13% of that coming from acquisitions And we can be quick to forget that, that's not all Aclara. So Aclara is about 11 points of that. There's another 2 points coming from previously executed acquisitions earlier in 2017. And just to remind everybody, we had made an investment in the natural gas distribution space, some smaller acquisitions within power systems, notably in telecom hardware space, as well as extending our bushing product line as well as iDevice, which is a real leap forward for us in terms of IoT R&D work that underlies a lot of our new product development. So there's actually a lot of acquisition previous to Aclara. And a lot of thats also rolling off after Q1. So you'll see a really the balance of the year being dominant and just really by the power systems deals. I'm so beyond, beyond the acquisitions, you have our end markets. It's good to see a page like page four with such consistent green on it, but, but quite a consistent positive market backdrop for Hubbell.  On the non-res side, the ABI data supportive, start status favorable and so still green arrows there in non-res. And electrical transmission and distribution continue to see the IoUs CapEx analysis suggest supportive activity there. On the transmission side, the projects are really dominated by small and mid-size projects on the distribution side, lot of grid [Audio Gap] ability spending; again, small projects. Industrial for us again, you did see the ISM data manufacturing production data positive. As David highlighted for us the real switch there is seeing heavy converts from shrinking really through most of 17 to now growing, that's very good news for us, given its margin contribution maybe a little late versus other peers of ours that you're looking at. But, but nonetheless, good news in the quarter for us for heavy. The oil and gas story continues to be a positive. On the oil side, commodity price farming, obviously with land based activity continuing to drive growth for us and the natural gas distribution side, still very, very strong demand for that infrastructure product there.  And on the revenue side, household formation continuing to drive growth on the single family side. So quite a consistent, organic market backdrop for Hubbell there in the first quarter. On page five, you see operating income and we show the adjustment here that Dave had referenced so the transaction costs for Aclara as well as their acquisition related accounting. So that 122 million relates to the 12.3 of margin to 30 basis point decline that Dave highlighted. And essentially we've got the 0.50 of material cost headwinds to overcome, as well as the acquisitions, bringing additionally drag as they are coming on at lower margin than average. So you're overcoming both of those with the productivity and nearly overcoming all of it to a 30 basis point decline. Page six, we show our earnings per diluted share and you can see the $1.13 last year and again, we're showing the adjusted a $1.39 which again, a exclusivity the one-time transaction costs for Aclara as well as the acquisition related accounting. The $0.26 of improvement from $1.13 to $1.39 is really a nickel coming from Aclara as well as the balance being essentially split between tax tailwind, as well as legacy operations. So, you see that that $0.26 tailwind there. As well, you see from the  on the right hand bar $1.39 down to the $1.05 that was reported, those $0.34 is really split between the transaction, expense to the amortization a little bit more towards the amortization down to transaction expense. So that - there's a lot of movement there between those adjustments, but hopefully you see that clarity and just a continent on the taxes, that the tailwind there, we were around about 29.7% last year down to 21 month this year. So a big part of that coming from the tax reform and a little bit better from discrete items as well. So that 21 month below the level we have forecast for the whole year. Page seven, we talk about the electrical segment and you can see a 5% growth rate to 618 million, organic markets providing 3% of that growth. Non-res and res both helping drive that growth, but also the oil side, the gas side and the industrial side, whole really starting to pick up and helping us on the mix side, providing attractive margins in those product markets.  On the operating income side, you see a healthy increase from 9% op to 9.9%. I think [indiscernible] that 90 basis points of margin expansion absorbing more than 2 points between commodity cost headwinds as well as the investment in IoT, R&D capability. And so you really can see the impact of lighting stabilizing its cost structure through this quarter and really helping get some of those inefficiencies we have last year out and helping lift the segment operating income margins quite a bit.  Page eight, we talk about power segment and it's going to be worse just to, just a second to go through this. Power tends to be a steady-eddy and you see quite a bit of movement here. So it's worth some discussion. So you'll see our sales grew from 265 million to 373 million, 41% increase driven by acquisitions. The base organic market growing at about 3%, a decent level of growth there. And so, important to look at the operating income side where you see, again all the Aclara adjustment. So, basically the base business absorbed a couple of points of price cost headwinds and so from that 20.8% operating profit margin last year, you see the base business operating in the 18s during the first quarter here. In addition, there is another couple of points from a Aclara coming on at about half the margins here of last year segment, and that creates another couple points of drag. And then you have the costs and the accounting taken down to 10%.  So it's really that price costs, uh, that creates the top priority for [indiscernible] going forward in terms of driving the price action that Dave referred to and as we go forward to the balance of the year. Page 10, we show cash flow for the quarter and you can see that, we had some onetime items that were laid in those to the Aclara transaction, in terms of fees and expenses as well as some tax reform payments on things that were expensed in the fourth quarter. And so excluding those items we generated just a small amount in cash. As Dave said, we're looking to do better than that. You can see are on the depreciation amortization side, an increase there as we do more deals. But the working capital side you see strong increase in receivables, a big contributor to that as Aclara who had a strong sales in March. The quality of that receivable base we believe is very, very high. And you also see at the current liability side, a increase of the use there. On the payables side it's an area that Dave referred to an opportunity to improve where we think those payable should be helping to finance our inventory and our growth as we grow the topline. On the CapEx side, you see an increase to 22 million Aclara accounted for about 2 million of that and that's a little bit lighter than what we had communicated to you at Investor Day. We had been talking about Aclaras pace, based on all the R&D spending that they are doing where there CapEx could be up around a $30 million range. But as we've spent more time inside the business and conforming the accounting with the way we have been doing our R&D spending, we're actually going to be expensing much more of that, capitalizing much less. And so that CapEx number will be less than we had communicated to you at Investor Day.  So this is an area of great focus for us. First quarter usually our seasonal low, despite that seasonality and the onetime outflows, we'd still like to see that working capital performing tighter and become a stronger source of cash for us. And we anticipate that improving as we go throughout the year. We also wanted to show on page 10, EBITDA, we use this first at Investor Day back in March and got some favorable feedback from everyone that it's helpful measure to help neutralize what's going on with taxes and interest and amortization. And so here, in a simple schedule, you can see 12% growth in EBITDA in the quarter from 132 million to 148 million, or $16 million improvement. And, I think we'll keep providing this for everybody and we certainly use it internally, and the amount of generation here in first quarter consistent with the seasonal contributions to the goal as we had showed in Investor Day of about 730 million of EBITDA for the year. I was going to ask Maria to comment on the cap structure on page 11. 
Maria Lee: Sure. Thanks Bill. We ended the first quarter with $216 million of cash, approximately 90% of this was held outside of the United States. The decrease in cash from year end was because we repatriated about a 180 million of international cash and used it to pay down commercial paper, which had increased from your end as a result of borrowings for the Aclara acquisition in February. We ended Q1 with a 149 million of CP outstanding. There are a couple of new items related to financing the Aclara acquisition. We added a prepayable five year term loan A for $500 million as well as the fourth tranche of long-term debt. And as you can see, all of our long-term senior notes have attractive rates in the low to mid teens. So these additions, along with the higher CP, increased our debt to cap to 56% from 39% at year end, reducing our leverage by paying down CP and the term loan is one of our capital allocation priorities. At the bottom of the page is our 750 million credit facility and that backs our commercial paper and it's fully available to us. Let me turn it back over to Bill 
William Sperry: All right. Its okay, I'm going to just give some closing comments here. I think, first on our outlook. And if you look at the market, with one quarter of completed, this year is so far shaping up pretty much as expected. Although admittedly some of the material cost headwinds are greater than we anticipated, but the combination of positive markets and some of the other activity benefits of our cost reduction actions are going to help to mitigate that.  And we're working to get the price, but I think as we look at the end markets, we think most of our end markets are still anticipated to perform at the levels, that we have forecasted from the beginning of this year. Going around all in the 2% to 4% percent range, a non-res, maybe a little bit lighter than the, some of the indicators on that, just suggest that it's not as robust, but still growing. And I think as we mentioned earlier, the upside that we're expecting a little bit more positive results in the oil and gas, particularly with the price of oil increasing. So, the good news is continuous to be consistent growth across all of our end markets. Turning to page 13, specifically on the outlook, so, that end market growth translates in combined with acquisitions, translations, and top line growth of 15% to 20%, which are big numbers for us by historical standards. The end market embedded in that, is in the 2% to 4% range. The acquisitions at about 15% and then our new product development and focus on technology, it's going to drive some modest market out-performance. All of that leading to as maintaining our original guidance on diluted earnings per share of 6.10 to 6.50 reported and on an adjusted basis of 6.95 to 7.35. With that adjusted excludes the Aclara acquisition related and transaction costs, but it includes our legacy intangible asset amortization of about $0.50.  And as bill mentioned - I mentioned earlier, we're working and we expect to deliver free cash flow greater than that income. So I think, when I think about in some - we're benefiting from U.S. tax reform, lower taxes, ability to repatriate cash, pay down debt, and even after two months or so of completing the largest transaction of our history, we're even more excited about the prospects of what we can offer to our customers. The outlook has a lot of moving basis, but the objectives for this year are very clear for us, capitalizing on the market growth, which is there and we need to make sure, we take full advantage of that. Getting priced, which we are doing and it's easier with differentiated products. It's harder in some of the commodity space and more competitive environment, but we're getting priced and we expect to continue to get priced a spending appropriately on the actions that will support long-term growth.  We've got to make sure that we're continuing to invest in the future, obviously generating cash, to pay down debt, but also to reinvest in the business. And then obviously integrating the Aclara effectively. So I think there's a lot of things going on. We certainly are focused in those key areas. And I think, we - the team and I laid out our vision for 2020 back in March in investor day, with sales growth at twice the market over the next few years. We certainly have line of sight to high single digit earnings growth in the base business. And then you add Aclaras contribution to that, I am quite confident we're doing the right things to make this vision a reality and it starts with this year's performance, which we expect to be a very strong basis for that ongoing vision. So with that, let me open it up to questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instruction] And your first question comes from Christopher Glen with Oppenheimer.
Christopher Glen: Thanks. Good morning.
William Sperry: Good morning, Chris.
Christopher Glen: Good morning Dave. Call about the lighting margins being, that certainly looks pretty good in the context of the industry. Just wondering if you expect to be able to continue that through the balance of the year? 
Dave Nord : Chris, it's really driven by cost management. From the volume side, lighting was down about three percent with about a point of price, contributing to that from a sales perspective. So, it's really coming off the backs of more effective cost structure, which yes is continues throughout the year. So hitting our plans and our guidance is not dependent on big volume, it's dependent on controlling those costs, which we feel much better about than we did last year.
William Sperry: So I think Chris, there's an element of I'm really more - as more price discipline and some of that being just what business you're going after, the other  and some of that even goes to a focus on those businesses and those product offerings where we have a differentiated advantage. Because obviously as I mentioned earlier, those are the areas across our entire portfolio, not just in lighting where you have more ability to get price, to offset some of the cost headwinds and naturally those are higher margin businesses too. So that's another area of focus within the lighting business that we see.
Christopher Glen: Sounds good. And then if we look a very wide angle lens at electrical margin in 2011 to 14, did 14% to 15% margin. That was before the oil and gas crash. But it was also before you had a pretty intensive restructuring program. So I'm just wondering if there are any kind of barriers to ultimately returning to those types of levels for electrical? 
Dave Nord: Yeah. I think that the, um, the role that oil and gas business played in contributing to that is important. And so they're obviously not back at that level as we come back, we're seeing more land-based rigs rather than the deepwater. We're seeing more diverse i.e. less pure oil for harsh and hazardous. So I do think Chris, I could see as we go forward as harsh and hazardous volumes come back that their margins could be a little bit lower than the peak in that era - that you're describing. And at the same time, our goal would be to find productivity and other things to get back to those levels. So those are good motivating benchmarks for us to get back to him.
Christopher Glen: Good color. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Tusa with JP Morgan.
Steve Tusa : Hey guys, good morning 
Dave Nord: Good morning, Steve. 
Steve Tusa : I was at the, T&B show. Sorry, sorry I missed you. And I don't know, I got the sense that, that the pricing was a little bit slower to come, but you sound very confident on that front. Is there something somebody missing? Did you guys, you know, are there are different pockets?  Are there, are there more specific pockets of your business that you're seeing, you know, better price put through? Then maybe I would've picked up on the show talking to like, you know, perhaps transformer guys are some of the other guys that are there? Just a little more color on the confidence? Because you guys are just typically conservative and you don't go out and kind of say stuff that you're not really seeing on the ground level. So I do trust what you're saying. I'm just, I'm just curious as to what may be the difference is. 
William Sperry: Well I guess, we could start with slow as a relative term. You might have expectations of timing that's different than ours. So my confidence is based on, what we're seeing in some cases is signs that one, the actions that we're taking to the signs of acceptability, not necessarily on the utility side. Utility side has, you know, has certainly put more pressure on the utilities are under pressure from a cost standpoint, particularly on the O&M side, but even on the capital side. So, I don't think that what you heard at the show is not necessarily at align with what we're dealing with. You know, when we talk about pricing, I think it's certainly going to be more bullish on the C&I side. We're getting some of that. The utility side, its got a little more challenge in it. I mean, and I remind you that from our business I think you guys use to give government a little hard time over the last year because for a number of years he was saying, you know, that it's coming and we've been, able to hold price in a commodity weaker environment, while the commodities turn and the utilities remember that in some cases. So, um, so it's a tougher, tougher battle, but I think we also believe that there's a bit of an advantage versus, first is for example, a transformer, a market where it's a much bigger spend, so a lot more price sensitivity versus some of our components products that are critical and lower element of a project cost. So it gives us a little bit more flexibility. But don't get me wrong, the utilities are still pushing back as much as they can. 
Steve Tusa: Okay. That makes some sense. In the electrical channel what are the degree of price increases and you are seeing I know, invent was out there talking about, they're on the enclosure side obviously. So, a little bit different. But they're talking obviously kind of a mid single digit type of thing that they are putting through. I mean, is that kind of the magnitude that all you guys are, are looking at on the electrical side of the equation? 
William Sperry: On average, I'd say that that's true. Somewhere in the 4 to 6 on average, I mean we have pockets though that are working on 8 to 10. If they've got a lot of higher material content, which sounds bad, but it is what it is. But I would say on average, it's in the mid single digit.
Steve Tusa: Okay. And then one last one, and you probably should ask this in the investor day, but the Aclara CapEx and you guys are running this year and I think you said next year as well. I mean, is that something that is kind of builds up a here in the next couple of years and then fades overtime, is this kind of a, not necessarily one time but more lumpy? And so that could, that kind of fades out into the kind of later in the decade kind of 2020 time period, I believe it was like, $15 million to $20 million bucks of CapEx? 
Dave Nord: Yeah, I think it starts Steve with the R&D effort, right. And so, we had shown your R&D spending sort of in the 10% of sales kind of range based on last year's sales and the amount of R&D that's going on there. So that's obviously significantly higher than a typical Hubbell business.  We then - there's a question of how much of that you expense versus how much you capitalize? And I think we're going to end up expensing a little bit more than they have historically done.  But nonetheless, I think what happens is that $50 million does not grow, but what happens is your sales grow. And so your percentage of R&D comes down, is I think how we're imagining that - playing out over the next few years. 
Steve Tusa: Okay. On the CapEx side as well? 
William Sperry: Yeah. So CapEx then is becomes a function of how much of that R&D you capitalize, which would not be growing. And then how much is on the PPE side, which will not be growing at anything beyond replacement stuff and need growth. Yeah. 
Steve Tusa: Great. Thanks so much guys. Appreciate it. 
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Rich Kwas with Wells Fargo Securities.
Rich Kwas : Good morning guys. And Alcara - any anything on seasonality, we should be thinking about as we go through the rest of the year in terms of contribution? 
William Sperry: Yeah, I think, I think we, we do expect some seasonality, Rich. Similar seasonality to what Hubbell experiences, namely that second quarter and then especially third, being the stronger areas of both volume as well as margins for them. As I said when we were together, we had been planning that their margins would be mid- teens and I think after a reviewing some of this R&D that Steve was talking about a little expense a little more. So we think their margins will come down to lower double digits. And, but they only were operating kind of add double digits in the first quarter. So we do anticipate seeing their volumes and margins a pickup in the second and third quarter.
Rich Kwas: Does that change the longer term prospects from origin for the business? The accounting change around expensing? Can this be mid teens to high teens or how should we think about that? 
William Sperry: I don't think it materially changes our long term view.
Rich Kwas: Okay. Bill, what the lighting - what was the margin rate? You exited the fourth quarter around 10, if I recall correctly, did you duplicate that again this quarter?
William Sperry: It was, the cost base is just performing much more in line, much more predictably. And so those kinds of margins are where we are. As Dave said, I think we're finding that to even try to maintain share of a commercial spending, you might have to chase with too much price. So I think we're choosing to forgo a little bit of that volume, and let that cost structure perform and get the margins going better, which is what you're asking about. So that's, that's been kind of a decided a tactic of ours.
Rich Kwas: Okay and then just level setting on price cost, the 200 bps on power and then the 150 for the overall company is that just the commodity headwind or is that net price cost and then is the assumption that that improves as we go out Q2, Q3, Q4 I mean just, just to be clear on that?
William Sperry: So for the whole company, the price that we pull the ex-lighting was offset by essentially what that point, that lighting gave away. So the net price cost is essentially material cost because pricing was flat overall.  And yes, I would say that as the year goes on, we're anticipating that the second half in as part of, I think underlying some of Steve's question too about does it get better? It gets better in the sense that it becomes more balanced in the back half, especially as we exited the year. You think maybe you start to catch up. So that's the - you can't with this much inflation, you can't catch up overnight, but you got to be vigilant and really be disciplined about it. And so, I think it is, I think it will take us the whole year to fight that battle.
Rich Kwas: Okay, thanks.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Jeff Sprague with Vertical Research.
Jeff Sprague : Thank you. Good morning everyone. And just back on power pricing in particular, Dave or Bill, are you, are you getting none currently or is there some positive price in the business? 
William Sperry: We have been getting priced Jeff. Yes. 
Jeff Sprague : You have been okay. And just to be clear on Aclara, can you just put a fine point on what you actually expect the ongoing amortization to be in the year? 
William Sperry: Yeah. So if you, if you use the, um, use the last page of the outlook, which is page 14, you can see that, we're anticipating Aclara contributing about $0.50 to the total and that $0.35 of that, well the $0.85 of the add backs of - $0.35 is, the combination of the transaction and reported results. And then Maria within reported, the amortization versus the actual fee split for Jeff.
Maria Lee: Yes sure. All of the intangibles amortization which includes the inventory step up in the backlog reevaluation, we would expect this year to be something around 45 million you can convert that into the - 45 to 50 million, I think it turns out to be somewhere between $0.60 and $0.70. 
Jeff Sprague : And non on cash flow. I think your comment free cash flow greater than net income as a relative to gap net income, what should we expect your free cash flow to be closer to the adjusted EPS. I mean, arguably it could even be more than that was still $0.50 of non-cash legacy intangibles in there. But yeah, you obviously have some working capital and other noise?
William Sperry: Yeah, yeah. I think the way that we're looking at it, Jeff, and that's really why Dave gave you that $0.50 of legacy and tangible. So I think if you saw the $7.15, which we were guiding to on an adjusted basis, when you add those next $0.50 of legacy intangibles, you get up to about $7.65. And to us, that cash EPS is quite an important measure because we think free cash flow even though we think of it as, as net income, and the percent, but there's, there's an important relationship there.  So our expectation would be this year, Jeff, on a run rate basis, because we did have some abnormal first quarter outflows, but on a run-rate basis, we think you should be talking about 110% of net income of free cash flow this year, which would translate into the mid 80s on that higher cash EPS of the $7.65. And then our strong focus would be on using working capital management to get more efficient there and get that conversion on the free cash flow basis higher in subsequent years. So I think that framework that you're talking about is important to how we as management and look at the, at the free cash flow conversion equation.
Jeff Sprague: And is there something specific you are doing on working capital to uncork it here, but I know some timing noise in the quarter, but what's going to drive working capital going forward? 
William Sperry: Yeah, I think, I think you're right about the noise in the quarter and receivables are the kind of thing. Our quality of receivables is very high, collectability is often very high so that those do become the most timing sensitive as you point out. So I think our opportunity is in inventory and payables and the inventory, I think you all at investor day, Susan Huppertz , we've hired a new VP of OPs and we're excited to be working with her and figuring out and developing ways to really get more focused and more disciplined around getting our inventory days down, while keeping our service up. And then on the payables side, becoming more, I think more disciplined to, about how to optimize when you're taken advantage of a discount and when you still have some term days, so when you see a quarter like ours where payables were a use while inventories built, you know, that's a good sign that I think we need to be more disciplined there Jeff. 
Jeff Sprague: And just one last one for me, Dave mentioned a little bit, but any change in customer behavior now that you own Aclara as oppose to a private equity firm? Any change in discussion, backlog pipeline, anything you'd point out?
William Sperry: Yeah, I think we've seen evidence that the pipeline is growing. The feedback we've got from our customers has been favorable. I think what's exciting for Dave and me to see is the cooperation at the front end of the house between Gervin sales force and the Aclara folks. And really there's been a couple of examples of, some selling efforts where we've been trying to sell our legacy hardware to some of their rural customers and conversely we've had some larger IoU conversations where we've really helped open the door for their communications business. And in those cases where we've been getting our clients together with a broader suite of products, we've received good feedback. It's too early to say, of any tangible quantifiable impact of that, Jeff. But I'd say, those early signs are good and I think more towards the back of the house. It's been interesting watching, the rest of our company get to know and understand what the technology inside the Aclara can do and how maybe that can help make other parts of Hubbell smart and communicating. And so I think you are at the very, very early days of seeing if one plus one equals, you know, more than two. But the signs I would say are encouraging. Right. 
Jeff Sprague: Great. Thanks a guys.
Operator: And your next question comes from line of Joseph Osha with JMP Securities.
Joseph Osha: First Maria and Bill, just to clarify you had this $500 million prepayable paper. Are we, should we expect to see any buyback activity until uh, at least some of that gets, uh, it gets paid down some, some colors there would be helpful.
William Sperry: Yeah. I think that, we continue to always evaluate, uses of cash. But I think you're a in share repurchase could be a very viable use. but I do think you're right to assume that priority wise, you know, on a kind of a four year glide path we're looking to pay off that CP and that and that term loan. So, that, I think you're right to assume.
Joseph Osha: The CPM, the term loan over a four year glide path?
William Sperry:  Yeah, I mean CP will be, serves as our, um, overnight kind of funding sources. So any at any quarter end you might have some CP, but that, that's those are good. I'm good gauges to think about how, how much free cash flow the next four or five years we're looking to pay down. 
Joseph Osha: Okay, great. And then a second latest regards to yet again, lighting. I'm wondering if we can get a sense as to where the, the price pricing has been less palatable versus where you've been more able to, to hold on. Thank you. 
William Sperry: I think is, as David commented, for us to have a one percent of price in the quarter is actually a better experience than we've been having and I think it's, there are some projects, uh, with some more commodity products that would lend itself to use price to go chase the volume. and I think it's, if there's an opportunity for us here that we've shown in the quarter to be a little bit more selective about, about. 
Joseph Osha: Sorry, I meant in terms of end market. I was just wondering if my dry didn't ask the question. Well, and in terms of which end markets you're, you, you find yourself being able to hold the line a little more. That's what I meant. Sorry. 
William Sperry: Yeah, if you're saying between non-res and res, you know, I think the pricing is a little bit firmer and res than it is in non-right as if that's what you mean. If it's sub slicing, non raise, I don't think it's, I don't think you can generalize to too easily. 
David Nord: Yeah. And I think the, you know, adding to that within the C&I markets the challenge is, is in those projects and those offerings that are non-specified or where, where our representation isn't as strong as competition. So if we have good representations with strong representations in a market, whether it's a vertical or a geographic, it's, it's easier to maintain price than when you don't.
Joseph Osha: Thanks a lot.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I would like to turn the call back over to Ms Maria Lee.
Maria Lee: Thank you. Thanks everyone for joining us. So that concludes today's call and I will be available all day for questions.
Operator: Thank you ladies and gentlemen, for your participation, you may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q4  (2018-01-30 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Maria Lee - Treasurer and VP, IR David Nord - Chairman, President and CEO William Sperry - SVP and CFO
Analysts: Christopher Glynn - Oppenheimer Rich Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities Steve Tusa - JPMorgan Josh Pokrzywinski - Wolfe Research Joseph Osha - JMP Securities
Operator: Good day. My name is Shelby, and I'll be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Fourth Quarter 2017 Results Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Ms. Maria Lee, you may begin your conference.
Maria Lee: Thanks, Shelby. Hubbell announced its fourth quarter results for 2017 this morning. The press release and the earnings slide materials have been posted to the investor section of our Web site at www.hubbell.com. Please note that our comments this morning may includes statements related to the expected future results of our company and are forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Therefore, please note the discussion of forward-looking statements in our press release and consider it incorporated by reference into this call. In addition, comments may also include non-GAAP financial measures. Those measures are reconciled to the comparable GAAP measures and are included in the press release and the earnings slide materials. And with that, I'll hand it over to Dave Nord.
David Nord: Okay. Thanks, Maria. Good morning everybody. Thanks for joining the call. As you can see from our release, we had a strong and certainly an active finish to 2017. We've got a lot to talk about this morning, particularly because you know, as you can see in our release, it's a much more complicated release, lot of de-activity. I think everyone is reporting with the complication of the impact on tax reform, but we've got the added complexity as we're going to talk a bit about our proposed acquisition with Aclara. So, we'll spend a little time trying to go through all of that and simplify it the best we can. First, you look at the -- our sales in the quarter were up 7%; 5% of that coming from organic growth, so good performance, very pleased to see that. Bill will talk more about some of the details there later. And our reported operating margins expanded 80 basis points. Adjusted operating margins were flat, but importantly we saw expansion in the electrical segment, which was a nice -- a direction that we've been waiting for. Some pressure on the Power side as we've seen the impact of some of the commodity headwind that we've talked about all year and as expected. So, operationally a very solid quarter. And of course, in addition we announced the largest acquisition in our history, $1.1 billion for Aclara Technologies. It's on track to close in Q1. And of course, by the way, we had U.S. Tax Reform was passed. And certainly those two items had a significant impact on our reported results of $0.37 in the quarter. When you adjust for the impact of the costs associated with Aclara, at least that we incurred in the fourth quarter, and more importantly, the impact of the tax reform changes. And we also still had some remaining restructuring that we are adjusting out at least for the last time in the fourth quarter. Our adjusted EPS was $1.54. Importantly, on a comparable basis year-over-year, that's up 14% year-over-year. So we're particularly pleased with double-digit earnings growth on a comparable basis. So certainly a solid operational performance as we close the year. And of course, cash continues to -- we continue to be a good cash generator, which obviously will be important as we go forward in funding our acquisition activity and some of our other capital deployment activities. So, let me talk a little bit more on the sales side before I turn it over to Bill. Certainly a couple markets we're particularly pleased [ph] with, our Harsh & Hazardous was a highlight, with double-digit organic growth. We've got improving oil markets, plus we've got exposure to mining, and importantly our diversification plans that we've talked about for a couple of years beyond oil rigs, and we've started to see some of the benefits there. In fact, one of the adjacent markets that we saw some success in, we've talked in the past about some of our GAI-Tronics communication equipment in Major League Baseball parks, and we were just awarded a contract to provide throughout Major League Baseball in all of the dugouts, so you'll see that in all the bullpens this season. And on the gas distribution side of the business, another highlight with double-digit organic growth, we certainly augmented our market position via acquisition and now can offer a comprehensive main-to-meter solution for natural gas distribution. And in the quarter, we had a large public customer win, direct result of our build-out of brands in this area, and it's exciting to see the momentum of what Rod and his team have built there. On the electrical T&D market, that was up high single digits organically, benefiting from robust transmission of distribution markets as well as some of the storm activity. Project work, demand for renewables, growth transmission, while the underlying utility CapEx continued to fuel distribution. We also completed a bolt-on acquisition in the quarter by the way, of a measurement device manufacturer, measures current in bushing transformers. The company is called Meramec, and you'll hear more about that going forward. If we turn to margin, our reported operating margin was 13.4% and adjusted was 14.5%. As I said before, electrical margin was noteworthy as it expanded 60 basis points on an adjusted basis, and clearly reflects the stabilization that we've been able to achieve in the Lighting business. The actions that we've taken to remediate the restructuring-driven inefficiencies that impacted us certainly early in 2017 have been helping in getting Lighting back on track operationally. Of course, there's always more work to do there, and pricing continues to be a significant headwind. But I would tell you, the Lighting team has done -- again has demonstrated the results that we achieve when we focus on execution, and particularly pleased with that. And the team, at the same time, continues to innovate. Example, in the fourth quarter they launched an updated NX Distributed Intelligence Control System that distributes control logic to individual devices improving scalability and simplicity. And the team has been recognized within the industry with multiple awards, and is in process of finalizing a significant contract award with a major customer on that. On the Lighting business, a year ago, we talked about consolidating two major facilities, and I'm pleased to report that we exited a major facility without major incident, really focused on clean execution, and even completed the sale of that facility by the end of the year. So, good to be out of that. And I think even on the electrical side and innovation, the iDevice acquisition is starting to really recognize the benefits. I was out at the Consumer Electronic Show, a couple of weeks ago; iDevice was recognized for a number of awards with new products, and two products in particular, one, a fan control that will control ceiling fan control working in combination with progress, ceiling fans both on a retrofit and a new installation basis, and our electric vehicle charger coming out of our wiring device business having the capabilities for iDevice built-in. Two examples that were demonstrated there of the integrated solution process that we are building around that iDevice capability. So, real positive results coming out of the that. In our tax reform, Bill will get into more detail, but we also took a significant charge in the quarter as a result of tax reform. It's a big expense really associated with our offshore earnings on our cash, but the good news is it is going to enable to bring back some of our current foreign cash to use domestically and redeploy domestically. And the core -- the longer core operating tax rate is going to benefit us certainly going forward. We plan to invest some of that benefit into enterprise-wide initiatives, specifically to support employees, employee initiatives, as well as continue the investment in technology. And finally on Aclara; those of you who were around in and could dial in on the day after Christmas, December 26, we announced that we have signed a definitive agreement to acquire Aclara, which is a leading provider of end-to-end smart infrastructure solution for utilities. We really expect the combination of our power business and Aclara will complement and strengthen both companies, while really expanding our presence in utility smart grid solutions market and providing the opportunity to apply Aclara's expertise into our existing Hubbell products. So, that deal is on track. We certainly remain on track to close in the first quarter, and we are very enthusiastic about it. So with that, let me turn it over to Bill to take you through some of the details. And then, I will come back with some comments at the end. Bill?
William Sperry: Thank you very much, Dave. Good morning everybody. Thanks for joining us. Dave basically gave you the summary on page three. So I am going to use the materials and start on page four, which highlight our sales profile, the 7% growth rate to 918 million; 5% organic, 2% via acquisition. That organic represented the highest quarter we had organic sales in the year, so attractive acceleration there. Going through the end market starting with non-res, we are still growing there, the new construction being higher contributor than the renovation and relight. The data still looks good there. Our commercial construction business grew mid single-digits through the quarter versus down in that relight, you will see that our lighting business grew about 1% on units. In the industrial markets, you'll see our composite shows sideways. I think that's reflective a little bit of where we are exposed. On the light industrial side, we grew in a low single-digits area, primarily from our wiring and connectors business. On the heavy side though, we continue to have mid single-digit declines. So, our exposure skewed there has caused us to be quite flat in that part of industrial. Dave highlighted oil and gas, and he highlighted electrical side. Resi growth is still coming from single family. The multi-family flattened out quite a bit outside of the improvements and remodeling. So, towards the comment on the 2% from acquisition, that represents six different investments contributing in the quarter, and I think is a good reflection of our investment strategy to invest in high growth areas with high return potential. So those six areas, we have one in harsh and hazardous, one in gas distribution, three in power, and one as Dave had commented in the internet of things R&D side. So, I think distribution there of our investing dollar contributing to growth and returns in the future. On Page 5, you see adjusted operating income rising to 133% at flat margins of 14.5%. The gross margin was down 60% basis points year-over-year which was really caused by the price the material cost drag and essentially remained flat through more efficient S&A. Page 6, we have got diluted EPS as Dave referenced to 14% growth to $1.54, largely driven by the higher operating income, but also contributing was a lower adjusted effective tax before tax reform. We had some discreet items that gave us some tailwind there, very modest contribution from lower share count. And as Dave had commented on the tax, the largest piece of the extra cost in the fourth quarter from mandatory repatriation, we essentially had a $57 million expense in the quarter, which led to an 18% effective tax rate; 51% effectively coming from tax reforms. So, the non-reform element being little bit just under 29%. And as Dave said that with this onetime distortion in the fourth quarter, we are anticipating positive effects from cash mobility next year as well as well as a lower effective rate which we will talk about when we get to guidance. Page seven, you will see the electrical segment, 6% growth to $635 million net sales, organic of 3%, really driven by harsh and hazardous and gas being at double-digits, commercial construction and light industrial being in the mid single digits. Dragging down that average, we had our lighting business at 1% unit growth and with 2% price drag, essentially a one point drop in sales and our heavy industrial business being down as well, but the good news for electrical is down in the operating income 60 basis points of margin expansion, and you'll see that's driven by productivity and restructuring benefits. And really as Dave highlighted in comments is a testament to the fact that the lighting business contributed on the margin side and showing good recovery from the remediation efforts there that have been ongoing since April earlier in the year. Page eight, you see the power segment with very strong growth, the 12%, heavy 2% from acquisition. The 10% organic was aided by the 3% from storms. And so, 7% organic ex-storms still very strong level. You'll see, however, on the margin side relatively flat operating income at 56 million and a decline margin to 19.7%, really driven primarily by a two point drag in price material cost headwinds. Page nine, you switch now to looking at full-year. And you see there $3.7 billion of sales, 5% growth, 3% from organic and 2% from acquisitions. You'll see adjusted op margin of 14.6, a flat margin level which really absorbed price cost headwinds as well as an increased investment in IoT R&D to enable that to be flat. You see comparable tax rate prior to the tax reform of 30.8. I mentioned that the 80% first quarter when spread out over the year with tax reform that goes to 43.6%. And you see the net income number at 4% and the EPS at 5 in line with sales growth. Worth to comment on restructuring program for the year, we really tapered the program down starting in 2015. We spent $0.45, '16 $0.43, last year $0.29, and you'll see next year we're anticipating spending $0.20. And we are pleased with the effectiveness of the program. Lighting has been a big recipient of those dollars. Dave mentioned the exit and sale of one of the manufacturing facilities. They also exited warehouse. And we had another interesting example of one Hubbell competing collectively, we're down in Brazil, we had two different businesses with a little bit of excess capacity there, but in different groups. And so, able to have a consolidation there and the two groups cooperating out of the single facility, good one Hubbell example of our offering. And so, as you see down as we get to $0.20 next year, we're going to include restructuring in our reported results as we feel that's a sustainable number that we'll be spending year-end and year out. We'll talk about that when we get to the guide. The segment results for the year are quite similar to what we talked about in fourth quarter. The sales at electrical driven by hazardous gas with healthy contributions from industrial wiring and commercial construction, lighting business again kind of 1% units with 2% price drag, and the heavy industrial business shrinking during the year. So, you see the effect of those price and material headwinds dragging OP margin down to 11.9%. The power business for the full-year of'17 on page 11, $1 billion in sales, 9% growth, 6% from organic, 3% from acquisition. Distribution and transmission business growing healthily, and you see the 20 basis points margin expansion at 20.6%, where the productivity and volume effects were able to help raise margins, but the price and material cost headwind. I've commented those price cost headwinds did intensify in the fourth quarter, and as price was moderating, material cost headwind was widening, so we ended the year with an increasing headwind there. I was going to ask Maria to talk about cash flow and the balance sheet.
Maria Lee: Thanks, Bill. Hubbell free cash flow was $299 million for full-year of 2017. The net income of $243 million included a $57 million charge related to U.S. tax reform, for which the cash will be paid over time. You can see the related increase tax liability is driving the change in the other line. Working capital with the use of cash of $29 million, the increase was driven by inventory build to support anticipated higher demand, and partially offset by stronger collection. CapEx increased as well, reflecting a heavy investment in automation. All in, free cash flow was 123% of net income, but recall that net income was burdened by the significant tax reform charge. If we adjust net income for the tax charge, conversion was approximately 100% on a normalized basis, consistent with our target and our expectations. On capital structure on page 13, we ended the year with $375 million of cash, the vast majority which was held outside of the U.S. We had $63 million of commercial paper outstanding and you can see our three tranches of long-term debt. You can also see the impact of the refinancing we completed in the third quarter when we replaced the 2018 notes with notes due in 2027 at a lower rate. Debt to cap is just under 40%, and we have ample liquidity with a $750 million credit facility back in our commercial paper. So, not much change year-over-year, although I should point out that once we close Aclara, the balance sheet will likely look different as we expect to add debt and use cash to fund the transaction. Let me turn it back over to Bill.
William Sperry: So let's switch to our outlook for next year, and we'll start with a pie on page 14. That looks pretty similar to what we talked about in October with you all. And you'll see that 2% to 4% expected in electrical T&D, Gordon's growth rate was 6%, if there was a couple percent of storm contribution it was performing at the high-end of that, last year they probably had some share gains in that, so we feel that outlooks justified. The industrial improving to two to four, again we had experience in '17 that was favorable on the light side. So what really helped contribute to that would be a pick-up in recovery on the heavy side, which is margin-friendly to us. And you see on the oil and gas, we were performing high single-digits throughout '17, and so, those harder to beat compares, we've got three to five for the market outlook. The first quarter will be the easiest of the year, and then we'll have some harder comps in the backside. And the non-res, those markets are still growing, in the two-ish to 3% range to see there. So that results in 2% to 4% market outlook, and you see on page 15, we'd be adding approximately 15% through acquisition. A couple of points coming from wrap brad investments we made in '17 and about 13% if we get Aclara closed in the first quarter. So that would be to total net sales in the 15% to 20% range. We'll show you a picture on the next page, but diluted EPS of 610 to 650 on a reported basis, and 695 to 735 adjusted that will assume our first quarter Aclara closed, and it would exclude Aclara acquisition-related and transaction costs and the adjusted, but will include $0.20 restructuring and related. And as Maria just went through the cash flow, expect that to equal net income. So let's take a minute on page 16, and hopefully this picture is clear, as Dave said, quite a few moving pieces adding some complication here. So, essentially we're trying to do several things here. First to show you that restructuring expense included, surrounded in the 593 of adjusted EPS as a starting point you will see the 564 burdened with $0.29 of restructuring related. And then, we're trying to show three basic effects; one is operations which is the first green bar. The second of tax reform, which is the second green bar; and then the net effect of the potential Aclara acquisition, which you see flowing out through the rest. So, what you essentially see is the operations having that 2% to 4% market growth, there's a lift from restructuring and related spending less and saving from what we spent in '17. We do anticipate headwinds from material costs and net of price. As we said, our fourth quarter saw a big effect of that notably from steel and copper and aluminum. And that productivity better than cost increases. On top of that, we benefit from tax reform. We are anticipating a range of 24% to 26% effective tax rate next year. This year is modeled at 25% and the middle of that range; lot of questions about why 25 and not 21, and really the biggest driver is the states being added to that, and getting that the total effective tax rate up towards the mid 20s. And you'll see, we've added some investment that Dave made reference to, that we anticipate investing back in our employees in a number of ways to help with their training and their ability to save for retirement and a few other areas. So that would result in a 645, 685 base Hubbell business prior to Aclara. As we proceed and expect to close on Aclara in the first quarter, we would incur some more transaction costs; we already had some in the fourth quarter. Then we would anticipating that the reported results for that period that they contribute to '18, to have a dilution effect to get the reported expectations for 2018 in the 610 to 650 range. And then, if we were to add back those transaction costs, as well as the non-cash acquisition-related amortization, you see we get up to the 695 to 735 range. And again, that number would include $0.20 of restructuring and related. So I know that's a lot more moving pieces than we typically have, but we hope that picture is clear of what we've included. And I turn it back to Dave for some year-end comments.
David Nord: Okay. Thanks, Bill. Yes, so before we wrap up here, let me just try and first close out 2017. Certainly, I like -- this time of the year I like to look back at how we view 2017, when we were looking ahead a year ago. And many of you recall that we were optimistic about the market, but there was some big uncertainty there. One was what's going to happen with trade, what's going to happen with tax policy? You can look back at some of my notes, and the calculations we were doing about border taxes and the implication of that, and what that was going to mean. So I think there was a lot of positives and negatives there. I think we navigated the year. Not having those issues, you know, in any great degree, and fortunately ending with some very positive tax reform that certainly helps us as a U.S. domestic company to be more competitive. I think we had unfortunate circumstances early in the year with the performance of our lighting business and some execution issues that forced us to really hunker down and focused on the execution, and I think the team there has done a great job of recovering. The markets have been supportive, and we've been able to -- most of the businesses actually outperform our expectations that we had going into the year. And we've been able to re-deploy some of that outperformance in investing in the future, investing in technology when you think about our iDevice capability and continuing to acquire other businesses, expanding in the gas business in particular, as well as in our core power business. So I think all very positive things to navigate the year, and I think all in all, a very successful year. I think some of the things that we as we finish the year, we feel very good about going into 2018, certainly as we talk the benefit of tax reform, the benefit of our ongoing restructuring actions, and the opportunity that the Aclara acquisition is going to provide for us. And so, I think all are very positive. Certainly not without challenges and with some risks, I mean, I think the -- well, tax is a positive, there's still uncertainty as some of the tax guidance gets interpreted, and so that's probably going to move around a bit. I think we have the good news bad story of a stronger economy is commodity price pressures. We've seen some of that manifest itself in power business in particular. Gordon has talked about that for a couple of years, and I know somebody had given him a hard time that he's talked about it for a couple years as well. He's finally right. And so now we've got to really fight for price, which is normally a fairly easy thing to do; it's never easy, but it's fairly easy, everyone understands combining these we were just out with. A few of our major distributors and the question that they had is not whether it's -- it's when and how much is our price increase is going to be in commodities. So that's expected. I think one of the nuances that -- there is a lot of things still developing under tax reform, and I think the risk development, we've heard it from some markets, some customers, that "Jeez, with lower tax rates are we going to end up with lower prices." So I think we have to be prepared for some givebacks at the same time that we're trying to recover costs. So that's going to put -- that's always an important dynamic in our margin story. The other is our ongoing productivity actions and our investment in restructuring. We've made major investment, but we've talked about the need to continue to do that. We've included that in our guidance, and we said that we would include that, not adjust for it going forward. Because we really believe that our reported results are the ultimate measure, unless you're throwing a curve like tax reform. And so that is really from my standpoint and from the team's standpoint focused on bottom-line results, what are we delivering in those results. Obviously Aclara provides -- has some big dynamics moving around, so we want to make sure that we're steering some of that dynamic. But I really want to look at the reported results. And when you look at even those reported results on a comparable basis, great improvement. We start to see the benefit of our investment in productivity. And we're going to continue to do that. In fact, we just recently, just this week, we added to our senior team with a new VP of Global Operations coming to us. Susan Hubert comes to us with great experience in a broad range of multinationals, very successful track record, because we need to continue to focus on productivity to help offset cost inflation, commodity pricing continued to improve our margins. So, all in all, a lot going on, a lot of positives going on, a lot of hard work, and I think that the team is excited because I think we're well-positioned to take advantage of some really, what should be, good markets going forward. Okay, so with that, let me wrap up and turn it over for some Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Christopher Glynn of Oppenheimer.
Christopher Glynn: Thank you, good morning.
David Nord: Good morning, Chris.
Christopher Glynn: Congrats on working through a number of items and arriving at this point into 2018. So just, as we look at Power Systems, just wondering about their strong volume performance relative to the market, particularly in the second-half of 2017, if you could kind of delayer that outperformance a little bit, and maybe make a suggestion about kind of what remains relative to your added prowess relative to the market growth rates there?
William Sperry: Chris, I would say that when you deconstruct our power business, the distribution piece is larger than the transmission. The distribution tends to be driven more by MRO and lives off the installed base. That tends to have a GDP-type growth rate, and is driven a lot by operating expense factors. I think what we saw this year was an increase in CapEx by IOUs, and that has both distribution and transmission affects. I also think we saw a decent amount of business from renewables, particularly on the wind side that required connectivity via transmission construction to the population centers. And so it feels to us like that two to four is a sustainable growth rate for Power, and that they had an above average year here in terms of drivers pushing that volume through.
Christopher Glynn: Okay, that's very helpful. And then on the acquisitions, 15%, that gets you roughly 550. Just wondering how much of that so-called balance there might be in Electrical, and when does it assume Aclara closes.
William Sperry: Yes, so it assumes Aclara in the first quarter. And in terms of Electrical it's really mostly in Power. So Dave mentioned the monitoring-measuring small acquisition we did in Power. And so there's very little that wraps around in Electrical. The iDevices volume that's left behind will be recognized in Electrical, but it's mostly power.
Christopher Glynn: Okay. So that's six or eight weeks of Aclara in the first quarter, it sounds like?
David Nord: Well, Chris, we're assuming middle of February just for simplicity. I think the contract called for -- contemplated that we would close by February 20th. That's not a hard and fast date, but that was just the target date and somewhere between that. So then we're just -- we're using a February 15th for at least our guidance purposes.
Christopher Glynn: Thank you. And then for the last one, on the Lighting business, any insights or developments in terms of what you're seeing with contractor backlogs or your quotation activity that isn't translating into firm orders and backlog just yet?
David Nord: I think that -- I mean there's nothing enlightening there. It's pretty spotty. I think the outlooks for Lighting and demand are pretty muted. So -- and I think we've come a long way from the go-go days of double-digit growth expectations. And I think now it's a case of navigating relatively flat markets, and trying to navigate a tougher pricing environment. We are clearly focused on making sure that we're participating in the markets that make sense for us. That's always been our strategy to focus on the more specified products where you can have a better capability of holding and commanding a price that makes our profit profile scream. So there's a lot of questions out there, but we think at least our business has stabilized, and we think where we see the market has stabilized. And that's our plan for the year.
Christopher Glynn: Okay. Thanks Dave, Bill.
Operator: Your next question comes from Rich Kwas of Wells Fargo Securities.
Rich Kwas: Hi, good morning everyone.
David Nord: Hi, Rich.
Rich Kwas: So Dave, what's the assumption for Aclara in terms of underlying operating performance for the year outside of the amortization. I mean how should we think about growth rate margin for that business over the course of '18?
William Sperry: Yes. Rich, it's growing towards the high single digits. And again, I think as we shared with you just after Christmas, there's a decent amount of visibility on their projects and their pipeline. And it's performing roughly in line with Hubbell averages on an OP basis before all the acquisition-related accounting.
Rich Kwas: All right, so, Bill, no change since the announcement with regard to margin profile growth rate?
William Sperry: No.
Rich Kwas: Okay, all right. Price cost, it sounds like we should think of Power as being more impacted in '18 versus Electrical. But any color there in terms of how we're trying to model this out and the impacts?
William Sperry: Yes, it's a function really of Power's income statement has a lower gross margin and a much lower S&A to get to a high OP level. And because of that lower gross margin they just have a higher sensitivity to material costs, Rich. So both sides of our house are feeling it. The commodities that are getting us are copper, and steel, and aluminum, including resins as well as oil prices back up here. And as Dave said, I think these are good news things. It's a sign that demand in the industrial economy is up, which is good for us. But it just creates this challenge of having to manage with price. And so Power just has a little bit more intensity to it because of its gross margin profile.
Rich Kwas: On Electrical, how are the price implementation, how has that been going with realization, et cetera? How do you feel about
William Sperry: Yes, I think that they're going to be rolling out price increases, as Dave said. The expectation from the customer base I think is that they're coming, and they'll roll them out on a staggered schedule. I think the power guys tend to have more of a blanket business and quoting system, that around this time of the year you start to re-price things that go into the maintenance and repair business rather than the project stuff. And so it's till too early. So I think Dave's described an environment where I think the manufacturers are in the position of asking, and that takes a while to settle out and see what sticks, see what competitive responses. And that usually takes a couple of quarters for us to get a good beat on. And so we're at a point where we have to ask and yet it's too early for us to tell you what the impact of that will be.
Rich Kwas: Okay. And then just last two for me, on investment. So you talked about tax benefit but then net of investment. What's the investment amount for this year, what do you have embedded in the outlook?
William Sperry: Yes, we were assuming roughly a dime of that benefit would get put back into our employees.
Rich Kwas: Okay. And then, Bill, anything on Q1 as we -- should you think about seasonality in terms of Q1 earnings, anything that you would note as being outside the norm?
William Sperry: Yes, I mean Q4 from a sales perspective really was seasonally pretty typical for us in terms of what it contributed to the year. So I think the affect that's rolling into Q1 most profoundly is this price cost. Because it's too early for any price impact to offset, and yet you can really see the affect of what we're paying for our commodity. So I think there's a nice market volume tailwind, but a cost headwind from materials as we roll into Q1. I hope as you saw, Rich, that we'll be hosting an investor day, and I think we can spend more time on those effects in early March there when we're together.
Rich Kwas: Great. Yes, thank you, appreciate it.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jeffrey Sprague of Vertical Research.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, good morning. This is John on for Jeff. How are you?
David Nord: Hi, John.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi. So I guess maybe just a couple of detailed questions around Aclara. Do you have or can you tell us what the amortization amount you're using in your adjusted EPS construct, the back-out?
William Sperry: Yes, so what you can see, it is that as you add back the costs you're getting towards the ballpark of the high $0.60 of acquisition-related accounting. And what's embedded in that is kind of what will be a run rate for 10 years or so. But there's a, in the first two quarters, there is a much front-end loading in the form of backlog and inventory write-ups, and so it's higher in year one that will be going out in future years as a result of that.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And then one question just to make sure. So in the construct you're only excluding the Aclara amortization and not the other deals. So I think that's correct, so what I guess -- what was the thought of just excluding Aclara kind of versus all the other amort and going to kind of like a full cash EPS construct.
David Nord: Yes, I think we wanted to build the logic of the flow of the page was to build the core business plus tax. Those were really the most -- we know those are going to happen. And then Aclara, being still conditional on close, and I think it felt like being able to tell you all what the impacts of the acquisition-related accounting expenses were was pretty important given the size of it. But I think we feel like the typical level of acquisition that we do, the 30s, 40s, and 50s as part of our base. That amortization gets paid for in the base.
Unidentified Analyst: Got you. And then one last quick one, so if we go back to the December presentation, you have that front log number that you talked about. I think it was $1 billion-plus. Was that actually one business or is that what's open competitively, and we would kind of assume you'd win your normal share of that potential front log or pipeline there. Just any color around that would be helpful.
David Nord: Yes, they actually have two different concepts. One is a pipeline which is opportunities out of which you would like to win your fair share. But as soon as they get down to backlog those are situations that in their history become revenues. And there the only question tends to be does it slide by a quarter or two, and so you can sometimes get a year affect. But those become projects that they work on. So that billion-ish was really a couple of years' worth of revenues in the backlog.
Unidentified Analyst: Great. Thank you very much.
David Nord: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from Steve Tusa of JPMorgan.
Steve Tusa: Hi guys, good morning.
David Nord: Good morning, Steve.
Steve Tusa: Yes, so I guess this big $0.80 add-back, I mean can you just break that down for us. I mean how much is the ongoing -- I guess I jumped on a little late, but how much is kind of ongoing amortization that would have -- that stays with the business for an extended period of time?
David Nord: Yes, we haven't broken it out at that level. But of the add-back, there's the expenses related to the transaction which is roughly half of the $0.35 of the red bar. And then the balance is the acquisition-related stuff, Steve. And so you're right that that is higher in year one specifically based on the inventory write-ups and the backlog write-ups, as opposed to what it will be for, let's just say, the next 10 years. But we haven't distinguished those two numbers yet.
Steve Tusa: But I guess on Bloomberg, or whatever, you kind of are guiding us to go to the 695 to 735 number. And you'll be excluding kind of the ongoing 10-year stuff going forward? Do you know what I mean, like there's one-time costs which you just highlighted, but then there's ongoing amortization. I mean that's what everybody's trying to kind of figure out and look into here because it's a little bit confusing.
David Nord: Right. No, I understand. I mean our basis is guiding on reported results and providing some of the adjustments that are influencing that. But those are always subject to interpretation, and this is unusual, and it's early on, so.
Steve Tusa: Yeah, okay. On the -- I guess I'll just follow-up on that offline. On the sales guidance, I think you're talking about 15% to 20%. You have 15% coming from acquisitions. Is that just rounding when you look at kind of the guide of two to four plus a little bit of outperformance, is there just rounding in there or kind of I just backed into an ex acquisition number of zero to 5% obviously. Is there something else in there that, foreign exchange or anything else, that kind of moves that number around or is that just rounding?
David Nord: Yes, just rounding.
Steve Tusa: Okay. And then one last one, specifically on price cost. You actually, on the outlook bridge, stripped out kind of the commentary around Lighting. I know last year, in the outlook bridge and on the third quarter you had in some of the moving parts to consider, you highlighted Lighting specifically. It's not really highlighted on this bridge. Obviously it's embedded maybe in material cost headwinds. Does that mean you guys think that Lighting is a little more stable here and less of a factor to call out?
William Sperry: Yes, I think that's a good interpretation. I guess the charts are a little busy as it is to break out that business. But I think you're also right that the pricing we expect to moderate next year, and as Dave was highlighting, their costs have improved, and so it's a much more stable operation executing much better to plan. So it's basically embedded in exactly as you said.
Steve Tusa: All right. So I have one more quick one. Just to be clear, are you guys considering going to a cash EPS number that excludes on-going amortization or is this just a one-time call-out. I know people have asked in a thousand different ways, but just wanted to kind of get it on the record. Are you guys considering this or is it, "Hey, this is just Aclara. We're just calling it after you guys?"
David Nord: I would say that it's being considered, but for now it should be viewed as a one-time callout just because of the significance of it.
Steve Tusa: Perfect. All right, thanks for the color, guys.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from Josh Pokrzywinski of Wolfe Research.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Hi, good morning guys.
David Nord: Good morning.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Just on the T&D side, I mean two to four is a pretty big moderation. I think a lot of the enduring tailwinds excluding maybe the storm activity not repeating, seem like they're durable in the medium-term. How should we think about incremental margins if there is an upside there? I know you're grappling with price cost and mix is always a factor. But if some of the continuing tail winds that you see, particularly in Electrical T&D relative to some other niches within power strengthen up. Is that something that comes in at a decent margin again or are we still grappling with price-cost for a bit?
David Nord: Yes, I'd say certainly for the first-half of the year, Josh, we're going to be grappling, that's a nice word. And we'll have to see how pricing shapes up. But it's pretty clear from fourth quarter we've got another couple of quarters of dealing with that I think.
Josh Pokrzywinski: And is there a book-to-bill that's worth discussing in the power side that could maybe bridge us from some of these higher growth rates we're seeing today. So that two to four or is that just "Hey we had a great year, and let's not start off
David Nord: No, I mean the volume ex acquisition was 6% for the year. And there's a couple of points of storm in there. So we would say it performed at 4% for '17, obviously the high end of the guide that we gave you. And we would feel like there was some share and outperformance in '17. And so you'd have to repeat that, I think, to get to the 4% again. So it's actually not -- I know given some of the storm and acquisition activity it maybe looks like a decel, but it's not actually from an operating perspective.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Got you. And then just on the oil and gas side. What's the tone and timbre from customers these days? Obviously everyone sees the oil price chart and gets bullish, but I know these things take time to kind of start back up. Can you talk to maybe inventory in the channel, any kind of typical lead/lag situation? I know that you guys have historically some offshore exposure which -- it might not get better for quite a while. Maybe just help us kind of calibrate what some of this improvement in overall activity could feed into your business, and when.
William Sperry: Yes, let's separate, Josh, oil from gas in your question. So, on the oil side I agree that where our dollars are really driven is deepwater platforms. And I agree with your assessment that rig count doesn't feel like it's going up anytime soon. The onshore rig count is up dramatically, let's say, 75%, but the content for us of those is much, much smaller. So you need a lot of those to get double-digit growth rates. Dave mentioned some of the diversification where we might have been more heavily dependant on oil, trying to get into industries like food processing, and chemical plants, and distilleries, and the like, to try to diversify that just a little bit. But I'd say that given the oil price backdrop it has a constructive tone, which is I think what you're asking. On the gas side, I think that there's some quite robust spending that's driven a little bit more by regulatory need and ageing need to get the infrastructure upgraded, so not so much dependant on a commodity price or on exploration. We're obviously downstream on the distribution side there. And so that feels, and to your point, you have seen lead times on orders lengthen there. So it's a business that's growing and we feel has the pieces underlying that are constructive and positive.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Awesome. If I can just sneak in one tiny extra one; if there is demand upside you guys see this year, is there an investment fold that's kind of waiting in the background that you would deploy, or is that $0.10 of investment you know, kind of targeted and already where it needs to be and probably more of interactive [ph] number?
William Sperry: I think you've got the question of how much cash can be brought back from overseas that will help us de-lever, and I would hate to say that we are out of the acquisition market. I think we're going to be in '18 much more opportunistic and picky about it, and try to get our big deal on board and closed and integrated and start working down the depth that we brought. But I would say we are designing ourselves to have flexibility, you know, so that we are not closed out.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Got it. Thanks, Bill.
Operator: Your final question comes from Joseph Osha of JMP Securities.
Joseph Osha: Hey, I made it. Thank you very much.
David Nord: Thank you.
Joseph Osha: Two questions; first, looking at power and T&D, I mean, we have heard your comments about the storm side, I'm wondering if you have any comments on what you're seeing on the transmission side of the business? And then I have a quick follow-up.
William Sperry: Yes, the IOU CapEx was a positive cycle in '17. It was clearly construction going on, and I think we saw certain regions, may be the Western region was pretty active. We saw renewables contributing as they needed to be connected, and the power collected there transmitted to the population centers. So, the T side had a very positive year in '17.
Joseph Osha: Okay, great. And then, I'm not quite sure you can answer this or not, but I'll ask; can you drill down a little more into what the post acquire balance sheet is going to looking like, or do we need to wait for March for that?
William Sperry: Yes, I think we are going to need to wait till Investor Day, and not just on the balance sheet, but to extent we do get it closed, you know, we'd hopefully have some of the management team there and some of the product for you to see, and that could be a real showcase for us there, so we can educate everybody on who they are and what they are.
Joseph Osha: Okay, I'll be there. Thank you very much.
Operator: There are no further questions in queue. I'd now like to hand the call back to Ms. Maria Lee for any closing remarks.
Maria Lee: Thanks everyone for joining us. Steve and I'll be available all day for any follow-up questions. Thank you.
Operator: This does conclude today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-10-24 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Maria Lee - Treasurer and VP, IR David Nord - Chairman, President and CEO William Sperry - SVP and CFO
Analysts: Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley Rich Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities Christopher Glynn - Oppenheimer Jeffrey Sprague - Vertical Joseph Osha - JMP Securities
Operator: Good morning. My name is Tasha, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Third Quarter 2017 Results Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Thank you. I would now like to the call over to Ms. Maria Lee, please go ahead.
Maria Lee: Thanks, Tasha. Good morning, everyone and thanks for joining us. I am joined today by our Chairman, President and CEO, Dave Nord and our Senior Vice President and CFO Bill Sperry. Hubbell announced its third quarter results for 2017 this morning. The press release and earnings slide materials have been posted to the investor section of our website at www.hubbell.com. Please note that our comments this morning may include statements related to the expected future results of our company and are forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Therefore, please note the discussion of forward-looking statements in our press release and consider it incorporated by reference into this call. In addition, comments may also include non-GAAP financial measures. Those measures are reconciled to the comparable GAAP measures and are included in the press release in the earnings slide materials. Now, let me turn the call over to Dave.
David Nord: Thanks, Maria. Good morning, everybody. Thanks for joining us. I'm going to start on page three of our earning slides to give some introductory comments and then turn it over to Bill for some quarterly details. As you saw on the release this morning with very strong results across the company in the third quarter. On the sales side, you saw that sales were up 5% driven by organic growth of four and acquisitions of 1 point. This is the highest level of organic growth we've seen in 10 quarters. So, we're very pleased with that. Power of course led the way with 9% sales growth, 8 points of which was organic, driven by growth in the underlying transmission distribution markets. And about 3 points from storm-related volume, Bill will talk a little more about that later, it's hard to get that prcised but, it certainly was a good contributor for us on the power side. The harsh and hazardous business as well as our gas connectors and accessories were also benefiting from strong markets, and competitive positioning, and each saw double-digit organic growth in the quarter. On the operating profit side, when you look at that particularly pleased as our reported operating margin you see was 15.4%, that's up 40 basis points year-over-year. I want to adjust that for a restructuring related cost, margins were 16%. That's the first time in more than three years, both the electrical segment and the power segment expanded margins. And keep in mind this includes the investment in the Internet of things, R&D via iDevices, that's embedded in the electrical segment. I am also happy to say that the lightings manufacturing and distribution performances stabilized. Some of the problems we saw earlier in the year, we've put a lot of attention on, we spoke about last quarter, and we think we've got that to be stabilized, and believe the bulk of this year's restructuring driven inefficiencies are behind us. So, well that has given us reported earnings per share of $1.47, which compares to a $1.56 in the same quarter last year. In these results, as we mentioned before, they include $0.11 of one-time refinancing cost, and $0.07 of restructuring related cost. When you adjust for these costs, third quarter earnings per share was $1.65, and this compares to $1.63 on a comparable basis last year. In the refinancing, we lowered interest expense by issuing $300 million of new debate and using the proceeds to redeem higher interest notes that were going to come due in next year. And on the restructuring, the program continues on track with our stated goals on cost and savings. From a capital deployment, you probably saw, and hopefully saw last Friday, our Board approved a 10% increase in their quarterly dividends to $0.77 per share, and renewed authorization for share repurchase of $400 million over the next three years. As these actions demonstrate, we've remained focus on returns to shareholders. So, before Bill takes you through the slides on the financial details and the full year outlook. Let me give you a couple of additional comments about the quarter. First on storms, certainly the recent Hurricanes affected two of our facilities, specifically one in Katy, Texas and the second in Puerto Rico. As our first priority was making sure all of our employees were okay, and fortunately they are. Our facility survived without major damage, but our production capacity in our facility in Puerto Rico has obviously been limited due to power outages. We have actions in place and supplemental power coming on line, and we expect to get that close to back on full capacity sometime next week, but that's been a bit of a challenge for sure. For our financial perspective, the impact of the lack of production in the cost of that more than offset by the benefit from the increased volume primarily at power. Obviously, power you might have seen, post-Harvey, they were recognized in Inc. Magazine, as a company that's specifically identified is helping Harvey relief efforts and therefore, should be a company that you want to help out as well. And the one thing about storms is that it provides our power business opportunity to continue to showcase their commitment to service, reliability and partnership with our customers and we hear it all the time from our customers. Let's talk a bit about customers. I've spent some time over the last few weeks with some of our largest distributors, and what's great is they're optimism and the outlook was clear and consistent as was their emphasis on their digital strategy and the potential could impact their businesses. It was great to hear from them the favorable feedback about our investment and iDevices as a platform to accelerate our Internet of things R&D. And speaking of iDevices, they continue to be the wholly home automation solution networks on all three major platforms Amazon, Apple and Google with a single product platform. That's one of the reasons why one of the top 10 leading homebuilders most recently chose iDevices as its exclusive home automation solution during the third quarter. We're also pleased with our customers acknowledge our commitment and performance, and we saw that progress lighting was recently awarded Supplier of the Year by a major distribution customer and it's clearly is a testament to the improvements we're making in lighting certainly after a tough year. And lastly, if we look at our product innovation and product awards, at harsh and hazardous, our diversification beyond traditional oil markets as you've heard the team down here talking about our Investor Days as is paying a benefit of global pharmaceutical company, recently selected the harsh and hazardous as the only hazardous area of lighting partner. With a global agreement that provide quotes for LED lighting covering all 86 of its manufacturing sites. We're enthusiastic about this award for this contract and look forward to the opportunity and it really as a result of a combined effort between our harsh and hazardous team and our lighting team both from a market access and from a technology standpoint. I mentioned already in the quarter, iDevice became the exclusive home automation solution for a major home builder, but they also launched a hub-less Wi-Fi smart dimmer switch that turns traditional switches into dimmer switches. We continue to work on identifying vertical market solutions as well with iDevices, beyond residential and institutional and utility that combines Hubbell's product breadth with our growing software capability. We recently held sessions with one of our major utility customers to identify where we have technology capability combined with our product, our breadth of product offering and help match that with the strategic direction that the utility is trying to go in and using iDevices technology. But it goes beyond that. Our innovation is happening across Hubbell, ease of use in flexibility, critical drivers to our product development. We saw that Burndy in the quarter. We introduced a new ergonomic design for our PATRIOT Battery Actuated Climper that's lighter, shorter and has improved balance. Safety also inspires our innovation. From the UL listed Marine Isolation Transformers that ensure on-board power save. To using LEDs to communicate electric volt status of a switch without removing the cover, Hubbell wiring debut new products in the quarter that prioritized safety. With these kinds of continuous improvements and product design that are the hallmark of Hubbell's long industry that drive our innovation and customer satisfaction. So, with that, let Bill take you through some of the details and I'll come back with perspective on next year.
William Sperry: Thanks very much, Dave, and good morning, everybody. I appreciate you spending time with us here today. And I guess I too feel we had a good quarter. As we assess our performance, we thought there are some really good things. We had strong organic growth as David referenced. Lot of that growth came in attractive high margin markets, which is good news, able to expand gross margin offering, profit margin, while investing in R&D as David mentioned and remediation of the restructuring driven lighting inefficiency, I think are pretty good positives. And really on the negative side, as we'll talk to as we get to our heavy industrial markets still showing weakness as part of the portfolio. And that's where on page four, we start we're talking about the markets and you can see the market strength if you see those green arrows starts with the oil and gas side. In oil, double-digit growth, in harsh and hazardous definitely not a V-shaped rebound like we might have experienced back in 2009, but a very welcome sign of recovery and an attractive market for us. On the gas side, where we sell components to the distribution side of that infrastructure, double-digit growth there as well. So good green contributions there. And then power systems, you'll see both distributions and transmission showing strength and that strength is really beyond typical MRO type and there is capital expenditures and project business that's helping to drive that, and I think the noteworthy of industrial composite you see that being sideways, which is really comprised of the lighter industrial being positive and the heavier industrial being negative. So, on page five, we've got our adjusted operating income picture, and you can see, we grew operating income from $142 million to $152 million, that $10 million was certainly noteworthy as well as the margin expansion from 15.6% to 16%. The S&A improvement that you see there, of improving by 10 basis points has been the continuation of the trend that we've been experiencing of efficiencies at the S&A line. I think the good news for the quarter is embedded up in that gross margin area, where you see 30 basis points of margin expansion, and that's happening as David mentioned while absorbing higher spending in smart tech, R&D. And this certainly is an area where if we can drive sustainable improvement that would be very good news. So, as we see on page six. Adjusted earnings per diluted share up a couple pennies to a $1.65, and that again compares to that $10 million gave us about $0.12 from operating earnings, but our effective tax rate costs us about a dime in the quarter and more than half of that was driven by a return to provision credit from last year and the balance coming from negative geographic mix, for example as Dave was referring to the lack of absorption and profit in Puerto Rico. That's an example of a drive some negative geographic mix for us. And the lower share count of 0.5 million fewer shares in the share count as a result of our share repurchase activities. So, we'll switch to now looking at the segments and starting on page seven, we'll talk about electrical. So, you can see 3% growth to $654 million, that 3% growth being driven by 2% organic growth, and that organic growth coming from the non-res area, where we saw some decent growth as well as the oil and gas side which we've talked about. The performance side you see a 20-basis point improvement to 13.8% or 5% growth rate. And I think of note you're really seeing there, the recovery of harsh and hazardous are coming back to strength the gas components business contributing and the effective remediation of the lighting inefficiency is coming from our restructuring program, while investing in the smart technology of R&D. So, a positive performance there from our electrical segment. Page eight, you can see the power segment and you see $297 million of sales in the third quarter of 2017, growth rate of 9%, as David mentioned. About 8% of that is organic and the favorable impact of storms we're estimating to have contributed about 3% to that sales growth. So, the markets really given us about 5% with acquisitions adding a point, and we saw again favorable growth in both distribution and transmission and the capital CapEx cycle helping us there beyond just MRO. On the performance side, 40 basis point margin expansion to 20.9%, you can see $6 million of contributed OP there, impressive performance by our power systems business. And you can essentially see balance between price cost and productivity and so, the benefit coming through from higher volumes. I'm going to switch now from the third quarter to talking about on our year-to-date nine-month picture. From the sales side, you can see we grew a $100 million or 4% to two and three quarters billion of that 4%, 2% of that growth came from acquisition and it's worth some commentary on the state of our acquisition program. So, in this nine-month period, you saw eight different investments contributing and they were in several pockets being led by our power systems business where four of the eight acquisitions were made in that business. Two of the eight were in gas distribution. We had a small harsh and hazardous edition and then the iDevice deal, which we've talked a bit about. So, I think you can see our capital allocation strategy growing in power systems business, growing gas distribution and having confidence in harsh and the need to make sure we've got the right competencies around smart technology. In addition, on page nine, around our operating performance, you can see our adjusted OP margin about 10 basis points below last year. The effective tax rate about a point higher and EPS about $0.08 higher at $4.39. Cash flows is below last year, and some important places and we'll talk about that in some detail in just a couple of minutes. Page 10, we cover the year-to-date for the electrical segment. 2% growth, similar story to the third quarter. Organic up to coming from non-residential and residential growth. The Oil and Gas business for the year-to-date period are up around mid-single digits and those industrial headwinds we've had for the nine-month period continue to be soft. The lightning business for us year-to-date for those nine months has been up a point on volume, but down a couple of points on price. You can see the adjusted OP down 60 basis points to 11.8% and that's really bearing a lot of that price headwind coming from the lighting business as well as the material inflation that we've been experiencing as well as the acquisition impact, which is the investment in iDevice. Page 11, we've got the Power segment, we can see very strong year being put up here 8% growth, 5% organic, distribution and the telecom business adding to that, the performance being up 90 basis points to 20.9%. You can see a lot of dollars being contributed from the OP here in power systems and we've got productivity and volume helping to drive that margin performance above the sales growth level. On page 12, we've got the year-to-date cash flow, which I said we talk a little bit more about. So, you can see we're below last year's levels and we've got deal driven non-cash charges and D&A being up, which is tailwind. So, the headwind is really coming from that working capital area, which is largely inventory for us and the largest contributor to that inventory investment has been our lightning space and more specifically on the residential side as our service levels has dipped as part of our remediation plan that they've outlined. We invested in building up that inventory and improve service levels and we can see here the cost of that investment and the other contributors to our inventory has been the strong growth both in power systems as well as in harsh and hazardous and gas components that double-digit growth has necessitated some investment and the working capital as well. And so, in the order side, you can see the lower source of cash this year, the largest contributor to that change is driven by the redesigned of our pension plan and as we moved essentially from a frozen DB plan to a DC plan, we implemented a safe harbor designed, which has funding throughout the quarters of the year rather than just once a year and so there has been more cash going out. The CapEx side, you can see we've spent more in CapEx so that's negative cash flow, but we believe very, very high ROI projects that we're investing in. So, we are still focused on high cash flow fourth quarter to get free cash flow equal to net income. I was going to ask Maria to comment on capital structure on page 13.
Maria Lee: Sure. We ended Q3 with $386 million of cash, as it's typical almost all of these cash were international, and we have a little more than a $1 billion of debt. In the third quarter, we completed the refinancing of senior notes that were coming due in 2018. We issued new tenure senior notes at 3.15%, and used the proceeds to redeem the existing notes which were at 5.95%. So, we've reduced our interest expense while keeping the debt level the same. Our reported third quarter results include a loss of $0.11 from this early extinguishment and we expect to see benefit from the lower interest expense starting in the fourth quarter of this year. So, a healthy balance sheet with comparable debt levels year-over-year and lower interest expense going forward. Now, I'll hand it back off to Bill for the outlook.
William Sperry: So, page 14, we have summarized our outlook for the balance of 2017. And I've highlighted changes we have made since the July call, we have made a few tweaks to this. First, on electrical transmission and distribution, we've raised that outlook from 1 to 3, to 2 to 3. On the resi side, we're tweaking down from 4 to 6, to 4 to 5. And on the industrial side we had been expecting 2 to 4, and you'll see here 2 to 3. So, the result from all this is a 2.5% to 3%, market outlook, but you can see some tweaks to slightly stronger T&D and slightly weaker on the industrial side. And on page 15, you'll see how that boils down into our EPS range, so, where we were on our July call was 5.40 to 5.60, and as Maria just highlighted the refinancing of that debt, took about $0.11 out, and we've got since then based on our third quarter performance and our outlook, we've narrowed the range by $0.10 and took the lower end up, which effectively adds a nickel to the guidance to get to the 5.40 to 5.60, you'll see here. We're still anticipating a heavy cash flow fourth quarter to catch us up to net income. So, that concludes our remarks about 2017, and I was going to ask Dave to give you our thoughts and early preview on 2018.
David Nord: All right. Thanks, Bill. Before we get off 2017, again but, be really appreciative of all the efforts, when I look at the performance in the third quarter, I think everybody, the whole organization is really performed and as delivered. And what's particularly satisfying is that when we look and cut through it, when we look at the performance year-to-date, we actually are performing as we expected which was, the expectation we would do a little bit better, the markets would be supportive. And I think all of our business has experienced that. We've got the benefit of storms, that have helped us, so, about not without some challenges in operationally. And the one challenge that we've had that's self-inflected challenge that we've had in lighting, which I think, we've put a lot of attention into trying to stabilize and right that, so, I'm particularly pleased with how the third quarter is really reflective of what we expected as we started the year. Still more work to do to finish the year, no question, you don't know, what you could be facing over the last couple of months, but I think the third quarter is a good setup to a very solid finish to the year. So, what that do for next year, well I'm on page 16, in an early preview of our end markets, as we typically do with this point, I want to provide our initial thoughts on how next year shaping up, but we'll give our official guidance in January. But for now, we expect the end markets next year to grow in the aggregate 2% to 4%. So, similar to this year and pretty balanced growth across the key markets. Certainly, the strength in the transmission, distribution and oil and gas are going to continue although with the momentum that's built through this year certainly the back half of next year will face tougher compares, but I think still we'll see strength. We see signs that the heavy industry is going to improve, and consumable driven light industrial is going to grow, and the level of growth in non-residential little less certain as some of the indicators, recent indicators are mixed. But, at this point we think we'll continue to grow next year, but probably at a little lower rate, and we see the same thing with residential. On page 17, you can certainly see, and we see that there is a number of earnings tailwinds that position us well for the opportunity to deliver double-digit earnings growth. The refinancing impact should be favorable both the absence of the Q3 loss on the extinguishment and the lower interest expense as Maria talked about. Restructuring and related cost should be lower. We plan next year to stop adjusting results for restructuring and related costs. As we are getting to a run rate level, that we anticipate to be an ongoing somewhere $0.15 to $0.20 per year, compared to this year's $0.30. We'll see some incremental savings from actions we've taken this year. We think the end market growth should provide some benefits next year. And certainly, the stabilization of lighting operations in terms of the absence of the restructuring driven inefficiencies would be beneficial. We do have another important facility move to complete, we announced the fourth quarter last year, and there's no doubt, and we've acknowledged in the past and there's no secret that we have had missteps up in the past, and the important things that we have to do with those missteps is learn from those mistakes and we've applied a lot of those learnings to this move, we've got a very structured process, with dedicated resources, focused on training at the receiving plan, which is always where we seem to have a problem. As well as deselecting some of the low volume, high complexity product offerings which has always caused us some difficulty, and where possible we've built buffer inventory to smooth the transition. I think all of those things are things that we're working at proactively and I'm confident because the plant that we're moving it into is a very well-run facility, that came to us through the acquisition of light control, a very experienced team, a very proud team and a very capable team that's been doing this for a long-time in similar areas. So, I can never say with absolute certainty, but we've put a lot into trying to make sure that, this one goes smoother than any of them have. As you expect, we do anticipate some headwinds next year, and I think, pricing in the lighting market continues to be challenged. We expect rising material costs, that are going to pressure margins across all of our businesses, as this typical there is a one to two quarter lag between the inflation and our ability to get the price. And on page 18, a few more considerations for earnings that are harder the size and time right now. Certainly, include opportunities like new acquisitions, share gains, potential tax reform, as well as some risks like higher costs from more investments in R&D with our Internet of things efforts. But we've got relatively consistent end markets, which would suggest the mix would be is flattish, and pension expense, as Bill just went through at this point, because of our design changes and discount rate, and asset returns, we expect that to be flat, as well as currency. So, you put all this together at this early stage, I feel pretty good about 2018, and I think the team feels pretty good other than the work involved to it; they actually deliver on that opportunity. Certainly, we've done a lot as you know, and you've all been patient with our cost actions, that we've taken over the last few years that position us well to capitalize on continued market growth. And I think our portfolio with strong brands, quality products; commitment to customers will help us manage through some of these anticipated headwinds. So, while it's still early, lot to do, we won't put out an official guidance until January but, surely my goal and the team's target is to get us to deliver double-digit earnings per share growth in 2018. So, with that, let me open it up to discussion and questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Nigel Coe of Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Nigel Coe: Thanks. Good morning. So, Dave I just wanted to confirm the bars on page 17 on upscale.
David Nord: Correct. We know you get your ruler, so we made sure that they were all just all equal way for now.
Nigel Coe: Okay. I have my ruler here. It's about 2018, which would be nice. Okay, so to move on to the serious part of this conversation, so you mentioned the benefits to power from the storms. How sustainable do you think this is? I'm assuming you get some in 4Q. Do you still see 2% to 4% growth, notwithstanding benefit in the second half of the year?
David Nord: Well, there is a couple of things on storms. Yes, there is still some carry over into the fourth quarter. You also have what is very difficult to size, which is when you send 30,000 alignments to Florida that means there's work not being done in someplace else. So, it's the catch-up work that comes back online, that didn't occur. And then the other piece is that it's still early on, but we're seeing some of the quoting activity is in certainly that critical efforts that are necessary in Puerto Rico. And so that's certainly is going to continue through the fourth quarter and probably somewhat until into the early part of next year.
Nigel Coe: Right. Okay. And then, I know you were talking about - I mean I joined this call late, so I apologize if - your facility in Puerto Rico where is production right now compared to previous storm?
David Nord: Right now, it has limited production, probably operating with about 10% to 15% of the employee base, but we've got some supplemental power coming in this week and we expect to be back to close to full production by the end of the month.
Nigel Coe: And then just a final one, I'm sure lot more questions would be addressed elsewhere, but on the inventory, you built up in lighting, are we now at the level that you feel comfortable given the kind of demand, the environment you see going into 2018 and just when you build inventory, degrees of - there is obsolescence or some potential pricing, discounting the price to ship the inventory?
William Sperry: Yeah. So, the bulk of our lighting inventory investment module was on the resi side, which tends to move faster and has much lower experience rate of obsolescence and so, yes, we would say the question is we feel good that we've got the inventory necessary to drive very competitive service levels and that we've invested in the right areas.
Nigel Coe: Great. Okay guys. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Christopher Glynn with Oppenheimer. Your line is open.
Christopher Glynn: Thanks. Good morning guys.
David Nord: Good morning Glynn.
Christopher Glynn: Just wondering, with electrical margins with the inefficiencies done now in lighting, does that flip your net price cost productivity to a tailwind going forward?
Maria Lee: Yeah, so in the quarter the electrical had negative price that was driven by lightning. And so, when you look at sort of the price cost mix that the pricing was with a big offset. But it certainly helps not to have that drag in the cost inflation pace.
Christopher Glynn: Okay. And then just wanted to know if you could give your latest status report on lightning competition how it looks, anything that characterize as truly structural what's the magnitude verses kind of seeing the typical machine?
David Nord: We don't see anything unusual at least in the space that we're in. It's nothing different that we have seen. I would say there is no - more we can tell a rational behavior other than a big factor has been low cost entrance that have put pressure on the market overall more single line offerings that can be done at a lower price, but not at the completeness of the solutions. And in some cases arguably not with same level of reliability, but that's the world out we live in. And one of the things that we're doing as well as it's being focusing even more with discipline on, where those products, because we have so many such a breadth of product offering Chris, to the extent that we see areas where that pricing is not competitive, we just won't participate in that market, and that may being giving up a little bit volume or share, but we can certainly make it up on the products that we are a leader on have great technology, have a broader solution and a broader package, and that's where we find success.
Christopher Glynn: That's great. One clarification, Maria said down momentarily, did you say rational or irrational?
David Nord: No. Irrational behavior.
Christopher Glynn: Okay, got it. Thanks Dave.
David Nord: First that's all relative with the present your position, we think anything, any competition like that is irrational, we rather everybody, keeps trying to drive price up, but that's not the case.
Christopher Glynn: Got it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rich Kwas, from Wells Fargo Securities. Your line is open.
Rich Kwas: Hi, good morning, everyone. I just thought following up on lighting, Bill what were some housekeeping, it's always the volume price, and then if you have that for commercial C&I in residential?
William Sperry: Yes, for the nine-months, they gained about a point of volume and gave up a couple a point of price, so net sales were about, was down one.
Rich Kwas: Sure. That's for the nine-months, not just the quarter levels.
William Sperry: Yeah, that's the nine-months, yes. And for the nine-months the resi piece grew a better than the C&I piece.
Rich Kwas: And then my recollection was you started to have the price headwinds about this time last year, you're starting to comp against that you're talking about pricing being incremental headwind in 2018, should we think of that as less worse, and what you've experienced this year?
David Nord: Yeah, it's less worse, yes.
Rich Kwas: Sure. On power, so 5%, ex the storm benefit, you've outperformed the market, historically speaking when you've had these surges you've kind of the growth is moderate in the year following, or the couple of years following. How do you see the cycle playing out here, I mean, some of the structures guys are talking about good visibility, for the next year, so, in feeling good about growth? Your outlook seems to apple that, what are your thoughts about outgrowing the market versus what you've pegged 2018 at preliminarily?
William Sperry: Yeah, I mean, you hit on the couple of the big themes. First is the growth rate that we're envisioning is positive for next year, but not as high as the five points that we've been running at in the last couple of quarters. For us, we think of reach that MRO cycle, as really driving something GDP-ish, so, I don't know 2.5-ish, maybe it could 3% with that and so to do 5, implies, that there's some capital spending going on, and I agree the visibility on that, I think our team feels that they can see that. Of course, those are always subject to being delayed and pushed out. So, I think, we're feeling like there is a decent spending tailwind here, there's some CapEx, there's some MRO in it, and yes, it's below kind of performance this year, which then suggests what can you do on a new product development side and is there share gains that come to be an innovation.
Rich Kwas: And what's the balance of your distribution transmission growth wise for next year anticipation.
William Sperry: Yeah, I don't know that we've separated that. I'd say that the T has been much more volatile this year than the D. so that comes into play as well.
Rich Kwas: Okay. Last one for me, the deals done this year, as we think about benefits for next year, my recollection has been, you do deal, then they typically are neutral or maybe even slightly diluted initially, but it takes a little bit time to integrate. If you think about contribution for AT and C&E or bar or errors regarding contribution from deal done this year, is there a way to quantify or at least top down look, think about impact for the next year positive impact from an accretion standpoint?
William Sperry: Yeah. I would say conceptually just to be clear on the word accretion for us the deals are accretive to earnings. I think you're referencing the sometimes the margin.
Rich Kwas: Right. Right.
William Sperry: So, that's true. And so, then you're saying in the second year as you burn off some of the acquisition accounting and the integration matures that margin naturally creep up in your two of a deal and I would say our experience with that is yes. So, we didn't deal it out as its own area, but conceptually what you're saying is true.
Rich Kwas: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jeffrey Sprague with Vertical Research. Your line is open.
Jeffrey Sprague: Good morning folks.
David Nord: Hey Jeff.
Jeffrey Sprague: Dave, I couldn't help but chuckle the iDevice sounds good, but is anything hub-less good for Hub.
David Nord: Okay.
Jeffrey Sprague: So back to your arrows they are not to scalable, but I think we know what a bunch of remark you know are, right, I mean, correct if I'm wrong, kind of the restructuring variants carry over affect versus lower structuring is $0.25 I think.
David Nord: Yes.
Jeffrey Sprague: The lightning headwinds where what probably $0.10 or $0.15?
David Nord: That's not the right range.
Jeffrey Sprague: On refinancing?
Maria Lee: The refinancing if you include the actual loss and the early extinguishment so that' $0.11 and then the interest expense is another $0.7 to $0.8 next year, because we have a little of it this year in the fourth quarter.
Jeffrey Sprague: Okay. And then given once upon with restructuring, how do you guys think you'll convert on the incremental margins on revenue growth? There's some price pros noise in there, but should be some volume leverage?
William Sperry: Yeah. I think although those sources are all working in interesting ways I think we have some market growth. You know Jeff in places where we have traditionally had a little bit better margin that would help drop through and you're right that their savings coming through from restructuring and then you've to think about what commodity prices and inflation and investing and all of that stuff does. So, we'll be more explicit about that in January, but I think you're right that some of the more known elements, which would be growth in good margin areas, plus some benefits from restructuring those are good places to start.
Jeffrey Sprague: And when you're thinking about putting writing aside, which is kind of maybe a special case on price. It feels like we've been inflation area in the environment and now from an industrial standpoint and I guess as long as industrial materials are going up you're always applying ketchup to some degree but now with maybe a little bit better end market tone, in other words better kind of demand side of the equation, do you think there's actually a prospect to get up, get caught up on price relative to cost in 2018, even if it's not on a full year basis, perhaps by the time you're excelling 2018?
William Sperry: I think you've phrased the question exactly right, which is the increase for example in steel throughout 2017 and now the copper and aluminum contributions to that I think make asking or some price industrially more palatable, but I do think you're probably applying ketchup and for us that with a six months lag, you're applying ketchup. So, I don't think it offsets but you're right about the actions and the support to ask for price generally and I'd say you're also right to put lighting on the side of that. I think those are two different buckets.
David Nord: But you're right. By the end of the - by the second half of next year, you could be on the top side of it. If demand holds and certainly, that certainly our history, there's the lag you catch up and assuming that at some points, the material cost would moderate, but demand is there, if you'll get ahead of it for sometimes.
Maria Lee: And one thing just to add we had, we're able to get some price, and we've got some price in the non-lighting electrical business, so, we've seen some of that traction is here already. It's a really power we hadn't got in that price, outside of lighting. And where that, potentially, could be a better next year as well.
Jeffrey Sprague: And then last one for me, putting aside tax - which could change everything. How do you think your tax rate tracks in the next year?
William Sperry: Yeah, I think that's we would anticipate at this stage, thinking about that as flat net of policy changes. We're always working to come up with planning ideas to help get that better, I think, geography ends up being a pretty big driver of year-over-year for us. And so, we'll again, we'll talk more about that in January.
Jeffrey Sprague: All right, thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Joseph Osha from JMP Securities. Your line is open.
Joseph Osha: Good morning, everyone. I'm sorry, I don't have a good one liner like Jeff did.
David Nord: Okay.
Joseph Osha: I wanted to return to lighting a bit, you commented on lot of the very aggressive we've priced, to do single lines solutions, you're seeing. I'm wondering especially with iDevices, sort of taking iDevices into account, how are you sort of trying to reposition the higher end of the portfolio and add your intelligence in value to maybe hold-on just in pricing and share in that segment of the market?
David Nord: Well. We've been working with on controls within lighting beyond iDevices. We've - system that we introduced earlier this year, that's been well received. So, clearly that's an area of focus, took it - to add capability, not to the point of complexity of being a tier 4, building system solution, but certainly having products that are enabled to operate within any building systems. That's kind of the being the, as I mentioned the capability with an iDevice and that's been strategy within the lighting business already. So, it's really marrying those two capabilities and advancing that to make the higher margins specified product, that is always been at the core of our lighting business and success even more in demand.
Joseph Osha: And so, I take it from your comments then that I should not necessarily expect anything more ambitious into say for example, something that looks like predicts more of a building control type solution, it's going to be a stay more and tier 3 segment in the market?
David Nord: Yes.
Joseph Osha: Okay. Thanks a lot.
David Nord: Okay.
Maria Lee: Okay. Steve and I will be around all day, if there is any follow-up question, so feel free to reach out. Thanks for joining us today.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-07-25 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Maria Lee - Treasurer and Vice President, Investor Relations David Nord - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer William Sperry - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley Rich Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities Christopher Glynn - Oppenheimer Jeffrey Sprague - Vertical Steve Tusa - JPMorgan Joseph Osha - JMP Securities
Operator: Good morning. My name is Emily, and I will be conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Second Quarter 2017 Results Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a Question-and-Answer Session. [Operator Instructions]. Thank you. Maria Lee, you may begin your conference.
Maria Lee: Thanks Emily. Good morning everyone and thanks for joining us. I'm joined today by our Chairman, President and CEO, Dave Nord and our Senior Vice President and CFO Bill Sperry. Hubbell announced its second quarter results for 2017 this morning. The press release and earnings slide materials have been posted to the investor section of our website at www.hubbell.com. Please note that our comments this morning may includes statements related to the expected future results of our company and are forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Therefore, please note the discussion of forward-looking statements in our press release and consider it incorporated by reference into this call. In addition, comments may also include non-GAAP financial measures. Those measures are reconciled to the comparable GAAP measures and are included in the press release in the earnings slide materials. Now, let me turn the call over to Dave.
David Nord: Thanks, Maria. Good morning, everybody. Im going to start with some opening remarks just on Page 3 of the slide, hope you all have and then I will hand it off to Bill. So if you turn to Page 3, I think we are all very pleased with our second quarter financial results. We are particularly pleased with our strong top-line growth and thats fueled by the increased demand across all five of our key markets. And thats the major highlight certainly for us and Bill will talk in more detail about that. You see sales in the second quarter were up 4% driven by organic growth of three. Acquisitions contributed another two points and currency was a headwind of one. You know this is the highest level of organic growth we have seen in almost two years probably since the first quarter of 2015. You see our reported operating margin was 13.8% to down 70 basis points year-over-year. Adjusted for restricting and related cost, margins were 14.4%. The decline in margins year-over-year was due to the electrical segment and particularly and We will talk later about the lighting and the price headwinds in some of the productivity challenges that we are still working through in lighting. And so material cost headwinds across all other groups, as well as the acquisition dilution, as we spoke on the last quarter call primarily for the investment in iDevices that we finished in early April. Restructuring and related cost across the enterprise were $0.08 in the quarter and the overall program is on-track in terms of spend and savings and we continue to view that as a critical program as we improve our cost competitiveness. All that results in reported EPS of $1.43 which compares to a $1.45 in 2016. You know that includes $0.04 of loan of dilution from the acquisition of iDevices. Adjusted EPS excluding the restructuring related cost was a $1.51. Lastly, on our capital deployment for the quarter was very balanced, we invested $90 million in acquisitions. We had $40 million of additional share repurchases and we had our normal level of capital expenditures and are ongoing return to shareholders and dividends. Okay, so thats a quick synopsis of the quarter. Before I hand it off to Bill, let me give you color on a few other things. Yes, certainly on markets and new products. We saw the positive trends from Q1 continued in the second quarter and customers continue to be upbeat about the outlook. Now, let me make sure Im clear about that. Im not suggesting that to a more upbeat, but they are as upbeat as they were and thats what we saw in the second quarter and we expect to see through the rest of the year. And obviously all five of our markets were good from non-res and residential to the electrical T&D, industrial and oil and gas, they also up year-over-year growth in the quarter. In addition to that, increase in demand our product innovation is driving sales as well. Our wiring device introduced the first UL Listed countertop popup receptacle on the go cable charging stations and power exceeding boxes to make it easy to charge user devices. We also redefined the benchmark for safety with the insight 30 amp disconnect switch which allows users a clear display of electrical status right on the cover. On the Lighting business, many of you might have been at the light there, it was a major event for lighting. We showcased 177 new products and displayed our Tier-3 control solution the NX Distributed Intelligence. Our tunable white light engines SpectraSink, which has market leading capability controlled blue light. In industrial applications, therefore we are reluctant to use of LED because the negative implications of those blue lights and you think about food processing, milk, chip manufacturing. And our Power over Ethernet capability was introduced power hub, powering light fixtures directly from the Ethernet DC power. Our Burndy business was active with large compression pulley grips which will be coming as staple product for contractors for wired pulling needs and become the only company to offer complete line of connectors, tools, dyes, accessories, services and now these compression pulling grips. They also launched BurndyConnect, a mobile app that installers connects with requirements of videos, inspectors with the necessary validation information and the end users with search abilities for products and field service reps. Great example of satisfying one of our strategic objectives to serving our customers. We are also seeking to better serve our customers with our iDevice technology and we've got 90 days under our belt with iDevice and it's been going quite well. We've seen some tremendous cross selling excitement during joint sales team with customers on our residential lighting business. We are identifying opportunities in residential and light commercial applications and utilizing our device's capability with the three main residential ecosystems and expanding into related verticals. And the [indiscernible] expertise has already begun. For example iDevices was coming out with new in wall switch and it was at the knowledge of our wiring device folks that helped that their knowledge UL testing process that really helped them get that product for the UL process quicker, easier and to mark. When we turn to our operations and productivity. We obviously are constantly focusing on our cost discipline and increased efficiencies and productivity. You see that in our selling and administrative cost as a percentage of sales decline year-over-year as we control those cost even in volumes increased. At power, our productivity gains offset price and material cost headwinds. In the second quarter, power implemented some robotic winding in one of their facilities, the manual winding that can cost hand injuries. So this new technology increase the safety and generally more consistent process and certainly a more efficient process. For the electrical segment, in addition to acquisitions, we saw softness for pricing and restructuring driven inefficiencies of lighting that we discussed on our last earnings call. You know those inefficiencies unfortunately probably cost us about another deco in the quarter just from the inefficiencies alone. But thats all in line with our expectations that we talked about last quarter. We talked about remediation efforts and those are well on-track, very disciplined three key areas that we identified early in the process and we have seen significant improvement there. We are still not out of the woods yet, but the factories are performing well and the band planning has got better once we were able to replenish inventory, which was one of the challenge. And our service is improving as well on time shipments, significantly better in both our C&I and resi business, but there is still work to do especially related to our new National Distribution Centre. Outside of lighting, our price cost productivity is favorable for the electrical segment. There continues to be focus on productivity everywhere and I think we have got that examples all over the place. Again in our energy group they implemented a custom design machine for color coding connectors that reduces the throughput processing time by 80%. A lot of singles that we hit to continue to drive our productivity throughout the factory and a lot more high return projects in the pipeline that paves the way for continuous cost improvement. And finally, any discussion of productivity is not complete without mentioning of our restructuring program, which has been realizing savings in line with expectations and supporting margins across [indiscernible] with that mind you see that you see that we actually have increased our estimate slightly for the year to $0.30 from the $0.25. So a lot going on, a lot of really positive things going on from our perspective. The market dynamics had been a nice change of pace for us and we are trying to build off of that, but let me let Bill take you through some of the details of the quarter. Bill.
William Sperry: Thanks Steve, Good morning everybody. Thanks for joining us today. Im going to use the slides as well to guide my comments. Im going to start on Page 4. Talking about sales in our end markets, as Dave mentioned its really been a few years since we have seen there is much green and that much consistency in our end markets are growing and showing upward progress. Starting with non-res certainly new construction reno both favorable, we are certainly seeing ABI data bounce around month-to-month but consistently above 50. The put in place numbers re indicating commercial strength as well as institutional and specifically in education and healthcare overcoming some weaker spending on the industrial side. Industrial there oil and gas you see green, we are seeing continued spending on the oil side despite obviously oil price volatility that rig count being up is helping driving some spending on the gas side for us much more of infrastructure MRO. Industrial, we see the yellow indication there, we are having experience much more favorable on the light side and the heavy side is where we are seeing some weakness thats dragging that cover down into still up but yellow. Electrical T&D, we'll talk more about when we get to our power segment discussion. But distribution transmission both growing and we are seeing the influence on the CapEx and the project side over and above MRO spending, which is really welcome for us. And on the resi side, single family continuing to be the driver there as well as reno. So that organic 3% growth from those end markets showing acceleration for the first quarter and it could trend. Also worth mentioning, the acquisitions adding 2% and we have a number of acquisitions that are contributing to the second quarter. It give you a good indication of how we are choosing to allocate our capital. Firstly Dave described iDevices and the investments we made in our IoT strategy, but also contributing to that two points, we added to our natural gas distribution pipeline and we also added three different investments in our power segment. So, u see power systems, gas, IoT pretty good indication of where we are allocating that incremental capital right now.  On Page 5, our adjusted operating income. You see roughly comparable dollars at a $137 million, but a lower margin at 14.4%, 80 basis points below last year. You can see at the S&A line, we are be in more efficient through using the volume and careful spending. But as Dave had mentioned, we have some of that lighting inefficiency and the investment in iDevice creating that difference there. At the EPS line on Page 6, you see a $1.51 of adjusted earnings per share, the $0.02 versus last year really being driven by a slightly higher tax rate in the quarter of 30.8% which hurt us by a couple of pennies and really driving the difference there. Im going to switch on Page 7 to our segment results and going to start with the electrical segment. You can see sales growth of 2% to $656 million, that 2% growth really being driven on the organic side as the FX offset the acquisition contribution. And as our arrows indicated on the markets' Page, really good kind a consistent contribution to that growth. We had oil in the mid-single digits, gas in the mid-single digits. Our wiring at 3% and we spent a lot of time on lighting in the quarter had 3% unit volume growth with two points of price drag, which resulted in one point of sales growth. And that was really skewed to the resi side driving the growth for them. On the performance side, you see the 11.6% OP margins, 17 basis points below last year. The lighting headwinds really driving about two points of that. And so the balance of the electrical segment would have been able to absorb the acquisition impact of iDevice and expanded margin. So we really have some strong performance and the balance in this segment. Page 8, we have got our power segment results for 2Q. Noteworthy top-line there, the acquisitions we mentioned that they have been investing aggressively to get those four points, but the real story I think is the 5% organic thats over and above I think what we would expect typically from a maintenance level of spending. So there is some CapEx in there coming from small and medium sized projects that are really helping grow the top-line for power. And at the performance line, we have been speaking with you now for few quarters about the material cost headwind and particularly driven by steel for them, which is actually a larger headwind than the tailwind created from productivity overcoming the other inflationary costs and then actually utilize that volume growth to maintain the margins at 20.9%. But as you can see with the growth adding $5 million of operating income, very, very healthy contribution from our power segment in the quarter. Im going to switch on Page 9 now to half time and the year-to-date results. You can see here sales up 3%, year-to-date, the operating profit margins at 13.9% down about 30 basis points with the drivers since we have discussed being from lighting and the iDevice drag. Tax rate you see there at 30.3% resulting in earnings per share adjusted of $2.74 about a nickel better than last year and you see free cash flow a couple of million dollars better than last year at this half way point. We will break that down into segments now for you starting on Page 10. We will start with electrical, 2% sales growth and you will see the themes here are very similar to the first quarter, acquisitions offset by FX and so the growth coming organically, consistently coming from oil and gas, wiring, resi lightings similar to second quarter. And similarly that lighting price cost headwind creating a downward pressure on OP margins, segments and without that the balance of the segment would be expanding margins. Power year-to-date, continuing the impressive discussion we had from Q2, 7% growth of $557 million, organic strong at three. The performance here you see margin expansion to 20.9% as the productivity was actually larger, but were all in the first half than the material cost headwinds. So they are getting $13 million of contribution there year-over-year from power. I was going to ask our treasurer to please cover the cash flow and balance sheet with you all.
Maria Lee: All right, thanks Bill. On Page 12 of the webcast, net income was comparable to last year on a year-to-date basis. Working capital was less of a use of cash as we used payables to support inventory growth. CapEx increased about 10% year-over-year and year-to-date free cash flow of $99 million was comparable to last year and about 70% of net income. So we are on-track to meet our full-year targets of free cash flow equal to net income. Turning to the next Page, capital structures Page 13. We ended Q2 with $360 million cash most of which about 95% was held internationally, which is pretty typical for us. We adjust under $100 million of commercial pay per outstanding and just over $1 billion of total debt. The first tranche of senior notes the 2018 is coming due within a year and as we expect, we are currently considering potential options and optional timing regarding this upcoming maturity. Net debt to cap is running at about 24% and so again overall a healthy balance sheet. I will hand back off to Bill.
William Sperry: Okay, so on Page 14, you'll see that we have indicated here a slight raise in our market outlook versus what we shared with you on our April call. you'll see most of the markets remain in line with that outlook we provided, resi at 4% to 6%, non-res at 2% to 4%. And those markets have performance reasonably well within our expectations. Industrial at 2% to 4% I would say, we've gotten there the same outlook, but maybe little bit different in terms lighter on the heavy side and a little bit more strength in the light industrials, but staying in that same range. And oil and gas markets at 2% to 4%, and so again the harsh and hazardous business for us very important, we've been talking with you for few quarters about how that's bottomed sequentially. And so now for us to start to see mid-single digit growth there in that oil slice is quite welcome and good news as we think about second half of the year. That should be a positive contributor and the gas side also been performing well. So where we've really made our raise is on the electrical T&D side. Back in April that was zero to two, we've raised that to one to three really on the backs of the strong second quarter. And some of the projects - the small and medium size outlook that we've got for the balance of the year. So that translates on Page 15, to 2.5% to 3% growth from our end markets. Again stronger on the T&D side than we saw, a little bit softer and the heavy industrial than we thought. Acquisitions we are anticipating to add about 2% and essentially neutral FX impacts. Resulting EPS range of $5.40 to $5.60 which is really a combination of a nickel better from operating performance and investing that nickel in as Dave called the success for an important restructuring program that we are utilizing to make sure our cost structure is as competitive as it needs to be. That range continues to absorb about a dime of iDevice dilution. And as Dave the description the performance of lighting has been in line with the reset that we gave you in April and so we are maintaining that. And Maria went through the cash flow, our expectation being equal to net income. So that's the update on our outlook in the quarter and I was going to ask Dave to make some comments.
David Nord: Okay, thanks. Yes just before we open up to questions, just a couple closing comments. Hopefully, your take away from this is similar to mine. Im particularly pleased that the markets are moving in the right direction, at least we have seen so far this year, we are able to take advantage of those markets and see that in our performance. That consistency had been on record as using different terms around the markets and I committed last quarter that I was going to stop saying that. So Im particularly pleased with the consistency of the market and with favorable settlement. Obviously there is always some question, I think we have seen recent ABI come out and take their forecast down, but you know keep in mind that you know as we started the year we did start at the same level and we werent using that as a basis. We thought some of that might be a little bit too optimistic and so we are still very much in line with the expectations that are out there. So what does that mean, well that means that maybe some of the later year optimism that we hope would come through. Maybe that doesnt come through, that doesnt at all affect our plans to continue to outperform the market. We are continually operating with that mantra, both on the top-line and the bottom-line. Certainly has been challenged by the lighting business in particular, but thats why the restructuring program has been so critical for us and we have really gotten a lot of traction on that throughout the organization and thats why we have got the ability to and now that we are performing a little better could invest a little bit more. Now to be clear, moving to $0.25 to $0.30, we are working very hard to try and get more done now, so we need to do less later, because the objective that you know I have set out for the team here is that we get back to a more normal ongoing operating basis. You know probably at the $0.15 to $0.20 range serving for the next several years, but that would be part of the continual ongoing cost reduction and not something thats unique and special. We have primed [puff] (Ph), we have got it blowing and I think the results are obvious and we want to start to see some of those results going forward. I think in addition to the market trends, I certainly expect that we are going to continue to build upon that particularly on acquisitions as well as through new product development. I think the acquisition market is certainly active, but its also pricey and so that requires us to continue to maintain our discipline around pricing. And lastly lighting has been a challenge. It continues to be a challenge but I think Im very confident that our challenges are being fixed and no doubt its a tough market, its highly competitive. We are pretty well positioned in continuing to improve that position, we are making progress and Im confident that moving forward we are going to continue to improve on that business and that will continue to support the overall portfolio. And not over shadow, an important element of our business and that is the performance of the other parts of our business, particularly within the electrical segment. I mean the same what I stepped back and reflected on the quarter's performance, one of the things that really struck me that most satisfying was really the strength that we saw in our other electrical businesses whether it's construction and energy or commercial and industry, both on the market side and the profit side. I think sometime that can get loss in the electrical segment particularly with lightings challenges, but that's what we are all about is building off the strength of at least three of the four pillars at any one time. And those who have followed us know that sometimes there is always one that - one of the markets is weak. But we are moving accelerating, so I feel really good about that, and I feel really good about the rest of this year and even into next year. So with that, let me stop and open it up to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from the line of Nigel Coe with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Nigel Coe: Thanks, good morning. So, good second quarter. Just home lighting, I think last quarter you had a minus one on lighting, plus one volumes, minus two price. And this quarter improved by two points on the volumes. Is that reflective of improvement in the market or were there some phasing some shipments being in 1Q and 2Q that's the first part of that question. And the second part is, can you maybe just provide some metrics on the [indiscernible] and the trend you seeing in licensing in terms of whether it's [indiscernible] et cetera.
William Sperry: Yes. So first of all your math is right tracking from 1Q to 2Q. I think some of that maybe as Dave is highlight as we improved our service and we are able to get some product shipped that were orders from 1Q. So I'm not sure I would say that we saw any kind of inflection per say in order pattern. I think maybe the complement to that would be our resi business was strong in Q2 which helped create some of that and resi can be driven by some more lumpiness whether it comes from big boxes or homebuilders. But I wouldnt say, Nigel, any real change in kind of market condition from our perspective.
Nigel Coe: Okay. And any take price you can provide on the recovery in the lighting?
William Sperry: Yes, so as Dave said, we are focused on service and our service metrics are essentially back to where they were, we are taking advantage of the energy that we've created to actually improve that beyond our historical levels. And so I think on the distribution center side, Dave made reference to the new DC that we've installed and stood up down in outside of Atlanta. And I think having as we had commented before, few more quarters under our belt to have that run as it should be will really be helpful. And the one factory that we mentioned last quarter that was doing some new receiving as we had been restructuring. We are working on those things out too. So that the metrics that we go through very intensively with the operating team are showing our weekly stop light, review programs are showing positive trends there. So thats what is giving us the confidence that they are performing with the reset expectations.
David Nord: Nigel, I think just to add to that, I think that we have certainly had very dramatic improvement in our service levels and deliveries, but in order to do that in the short-run there is the incremental cost to do that. Whether its in freight or whether its in staffing. So thats the next leg of improvement within lighting is to work that out of the system to still be able to perform at the level our customers expect, but doing in a more cost effective manner. So thats the other leg of some of the inefficiencies that we have seen.
Nigel Coe: Okay, thats great color. And then just one more question on the verticals. Your end market growth expectations and things about industrial oil and gas 2% to 4% for the full-year. First half and maybe 2Q, were you within those ranges for industrial oil and gas or is that more back half loaded. And then secondly any red flags on non-resi, you sounded pretty confident on the outlook, but any signs of slowdown that you see in there?
William Sperry: Well starting with non-resi I would say we had not. I think we continue to see the trends as we had started off now. Granted when we started the year, we might have had lower expectations than some parts of the market. So I think where we have seen people sayings its less good, because maybe they got a little bit more exuberant post election and right at the start of the year. So I would say from us Nigel, it continues to feel in line. As far as oil and gas goes, I think there is small bit back-end loading to that, but industrial I think the light side a little bit smoother, but on the heavy I think we could see some back-end lift as well for those two.
Nigel Coe: Great, thats great color. Thanks guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rich Kwas with Wells Fargo Securities. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Rich Kwas: Hi Good morning everyone. Just following up on a couple of those lighting questions. So for the headwind here upcoming quarter Q3 or current quarter we are in. Should we think there is another $0.05 headwind then you are done on EPS.
William Sperry: Yes, I think the way you cant model things, but to the day but roughly speaking Rich thats how we are expecting it, yes.
Rich Kwas: Okay, then fourth quarter is neutral at that point, I think its going to be hard for you folks.
William Sperry: Correct, what is specifically exciting there is the inefficiencies coming out of our restructuring, which happen to be on the distribution and some of the receiving issues. It doesnt take away some of the challenge Dave was referring to with price dynamics in the market et cetera. So its just the effect that you are focusing on that $0.05 we do think in a base by Q4, yes.
Rich Kwas: Okay, and then on price lighting price. So it was negative two and it was negative two to three last quarter and you are confident against negative three numbers. Here as we get into the back half, how should we think about price as negative two or are you comfortable with how thats going to play out in the second half of the year at that level or is there potential - how much of the market is getting worse is the market stable. How would you characterize it right now versus kind of your own self positioning on your own end that you can talk about?
William Sperry: Yeah, I think you are teasing out two really important issues in your question. The first is sequentially does the market feel better or worse. And I would say it feels to us reasonably consistent. And then you're asking compared to last year of the comps, because you are right to say the comps had a little bit more challenging in the back half of last year. But I think that our expectations are kind of continuation of the trends through this year.
Rich Kwas: Okay. And then as you think about the $0.05 for restructuring the incremental $0.05. where is that targeted, and then as we think about next year for restructuring, is can we get to $0.15 to $0.20 in terms of budgeting for next year in restructuring? And then just a quick update on savings, the savings anticipated for this year?
William Sperry: Sure. I would say in terms of the extra nickel, Dave used a nice description of the pump was primed with a number of projects in the queue. Nothing super lumpy, just able to turn on a couple of those projects as they became more formalized - as Dave said are interested in getting it the spending behind us, so we can get into a more normalized reported only sort of environment. And so one of the benefits of have this to be going on for the last couple of years is the more programmatic nature. So nothing dramatic just projects we are able to green light. And then maybe Maria can comment on the savings.
Maria Lee: Sure. So on the savings, we are still moving toward what we said before which is $0.20 incremental this year. We are very much on-track to do that and could be even a little bit better. So that's all in line and same thing bias to be able to bit better.
Rich Kwas: Okay. And then just on the - you think about next year is a more normalized restructuring spend knowing what you know now I know we are still several months out but.
David Nord: Yes, I think it is. But we don't see any major projects on the board that would change that. I think thats certainly the target level that we are going for. There is you can have a debate about whether you're going to have too much or not enough in it. The simple science behind that Rich, is if you recall when we were about two thirds of the size we had a normal run rate of $0.05 to $0.10 that was embedded in our results. And there was period of time where we get off of that track a bit. And so some of what we've been doing over the last few years was a - some catch up. a lot of that was a reaction to the lighting market, but if you just extrapolate we are now 50% bigger and you have got to take that $0.05 to $0.10 and make that more $0.15 to $0.20. We are looking another way as we talked to our Group Presidents internally you all get a nickel. You need to and should be able to invest at least a nickel in cost reduction actions. But have you now develop the skill to be able to do that and self fund based on the investment that we've made. So that's the best more insight into the strategy and the basis for the $0.15 and $0.20 that we are working on.
Rich Kwas: Okay, great. Thanks for the color.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Christopher Glynn with Oppenheimer. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Christopher Glynn: Yes thanks. Good morning. Hey, Dave it almost seem reasonable to assume that the need for remediation lighting impacts your capacity to have price in line with the market. As you see in the remediation efforts gain real attraction, what is your thought on visibility to reclaiming price that you are not claiming now. Is there a dynamic there?
David Nord: Yes, there certainly is I think thats a little bit of what goes into Bills response or response to the forward look what the impact is in pricing and lighting. You know while the market could be a little bit weaker, we certainly think we could be on the other side of that and quite honestly our lighting team has focused on the need to do that but it was very difficult for them to be in a position to have a discipline without having the commensurate service. Now they get the service level improve, but need to continue to improve that the next step is to hold and actually pursue price particularly in those areas where absent that price its not economically worth wile to take the business. So I think they have had some early examples of that where that has helped them on both sides but certainly what we want is the business at a higher price. And there has been some early examples of that so we are hoping that they can build on that. So you are actually right, there should there is potential for that but its all up to the market willing to take it.
Christopher Glynn: Thanks, thats interesting. And then on restructuring, you talk about going to a level that you dont call out. Is the $0.30 this year is that above and beyond normalized rates or all-in?
David Nord: Thats all in, $0.30 this year is all-in.
Christopher Glynn: Okay. And the $0.12 remaining in the back half, is that tweaked out as equal in the quarters?
David Nord: Pretty much so, pretty much.
Christopher Glynn: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeffrey Sprague with Vertical Research. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Jeffrey Sprague: Thank you and good morning everyone. Just a couple more, just on lighting there are a couple of other things moving on in electrical products in the quarter versus Q1, but its actually not clear to me that lighting profitability improved in Q2 versus Q1 and I believe you said it did. So perhaps it didnt but can you just give us a little bit of a framework on how the profitability changed Q1 versus Q2 in the business?
William Sperry: You know, you are right about that. It was back in April when we sort of reached that expectations around lighting and that we add sort of the history of Q1 if you will and then the outlook as the questions have been of the impact of those inefficiencies in Q2 and Q3. So the inefficient impact is about equal so the performance is about equal and so some of the comments that were asked about remediation efforts on service. Some of those leading indicators which are not financial, but service driven are starting to look positive which we think later in the year. You are right quantitative performance basis is flat with Q1.
Jeffrey Sprague: Maybe we are pretty confident that AC on that has really the low watermark and you at least start trying to climbing up sequentially up this level.
William Sperry: Exactly.
Jeffrey Sprague: And then just on the restructuring, I think the number Maria gave is the incremental benefit in 2017. Can you just clarify that and what you think the carryover benefit is in 2018 on the actions you are taking?
Maria Lee: So the $0.20 EPS is the just the incremental piece. We had over $0.30 of incremental savings last year in 2016 and then $0.10 in 2015 for cumulative. It's a much bigger number closer to 65 and the $0.20 incrementally this year. And as far as next year, we haven't got out with specific incremental savings guidance. But most of our actions have roughly between two and three year paybacks longer term paybacks for the facilities shorter term for some of the headcount action. So let's say if you just kind a look for paybacks for certain two to three years maybe weighted more towards the three years and allocate the spend in that way. That would give good estimate for having to think about it going forward.
Jeffrey Sprague: And then on wiring, can you also just give us a color on the resi volume versus C&I volume the growth rate there?
William Sperry: Yes, resi was closer to double digits. And C&I down just a little, Jeff.
Jeffrey Sprague: Okay. And then one last one from me. Glad to see the little T&D falls happening and I guess if you could just provide a little bit of color on I guess there was some comment about project work picking up so something above and beyond maybe the normal time of maintenance repair sort of activity . Can you just shed a little bit more light on what you're actually seeing and the nature of the work that's coming through the pipeline.
William Sperry: Yes, I think if we were sitting back and planning out a year, a lot of that D especially Jeff, is driven by operating savings on utilities part, maintenance and repair. And we always think to that tends to be and should be probably in the GDP kind of range. So for us, we were encouraged to see 5% growth in the quarter without acquisitions. And that really came from our perspective from the capital side and some projects. And what's interesting for us was not driven by megaprojects sort of smaller and medium sized projects is really helping us, which is good news because I think the large of the project the more lumpy maybe that that trend would be right. And the small the nature of that project hopefully you can have a little bit of momentum sequentially in it. So that was certainly a positive for us for power systems.
Jeffrey Sprague: It sounds like its developed within the quarter, right. You didn't really have a notable backlog or anything at the end of Q1 or maybe I'm incorrect on that?
William Sperry: No, I think it built nicely through the quarter and the backlog is actually in shape to support the kind of outlook that basically gave you the support for us raising our outlook.
Jeffrey Sprague: Okay. Great, thanks a lot guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Tusa with JP Morgan. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Steve Tusa: Hey guys good morning. Can you just talk about maybe a bit higher level strategically how you are thinking about the influence of more distributed forms of generation, storage, kind of the challenges to conventional power generation in what could mean for your business longer term from a T&D perspective?
David Nord: Well we are certainly thinking about it and I actually think that, that is the direction where the industry is going. Its a question of the magnitude and the pace and we are working on - we have supported that part of the industry with our traditional products, but we are looking at areas where we need to add to our product portfolio either through self development or through acquisition and thats part of our acquisition strategy within our power business. Obviously thats one of our highest return businesses and so they get first dibs at our capital and so they have tremendous opportunities to invest. And as a result they are very open to looking at those different areas and that is one area in particular that they are spending a lot more time on it, we collectively are spending time to look at and how best to take advantage of that market going forward.
Steve Tusa: Have you at all seen any change in behavior from your customers, maybe saying we are going to go this project, now what kind of rethinking what we are going to do because of this dynamic. I mean they have been a few utilities that have undergone some pretty big restructuring announcement. Im just not sure how long that takes to kind of make its way to you guys, but just wondering how top of mind it has been for customers in the last really how its evolved over the last kind of six months.
David Nord: I dont know that we have seen a dramatic increase - certainly not a dramatic increase in activity. I think there has been a continual increase in the discussion. The recognition of that being a market dynamic, thats the question of the pace and utilities are trying to figure out. Obviously there are some who will be more aggressive on that and they might win or they might be too far ahead of it. but thats the beauty of our business, we got a lot of insights into - we have such a good market presence that we do get that advanced insight and thats what we are trying to balance with our portfolio and our investment strategy.
Steve Tusa: Right, and then just also a high level, but a little more on the portfolio. It seems like fundamentally the ship has stabilized and done you guys have done a lot of heavy lifting around restructuring. You know you are executing pretty well here, are you ready for kind of a more transformational kind of deal. You know or I guess just if not just comment a bit on the acquisition pipeline out there. Are you ready for something bigger?
David Nord: You know I guess that question has always been asked, always been out there and my view has always been we are always ready for it. Maybe other than when I first joined Hubbell we were in the midst of SAP implementation that would have been ill advised. But after that, we have always been ready for it. There just hasnt been the right opportunities that really would present themselves with the right strategic grip combined with the right valuation. But we've evaluated those numerous times over my career in Hubbell and we continue to do that.
Steve Tusa: Is rolling up a kind of the industrial electrical chain something that still you think add value? Or is that would you have to kind if pivot to a different strategy given the dynamic world out there with the changing technologies is kind of rolling up core electrical products still a, do you think is still an very effective strategy to drive value?
David Nord: I would say that that's not as obvious as it might have been three to five years. There is still value in that, there is still a benefit. But I think there is also another dynamic to consider as an alternative which is some of the changing technology and are there places that would be more value creating if you're looking at more of the technology dynamics in the industry. So, from my stand point I think it's actually added more possibilities to that consideration.
Steve Tusa: Got it, okay. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joseph Osha with JMP Securities. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Joseph Osha: Hello there, good morning. I wanted to - and in fact the previous question touched on this a little bit. There are a couple of very large HVDC projects one going from Nevada coming out here to California and another one through TDA. As those things happen, could we reasonably expect you all to participate? And then I do have a follow-up?
William Sperry: Yes. I think you shouldn't - would assume that we'll be participating in projects sort of pro rata absolutely.
Joseph Osha: Okay, thank you. And then the second one, just the balance sheet question. It looks to me like this $98 million in commercial paper just showed up this quarter. What is the plan there? And as that going to stick around maybe to way refinance the $300 million? Or some color there would be helpful.
William Sperry: Our cash flow is back half weighted. And so if we are active in the beginning of the year and acquisitions as we were this year. And the cash is overseas as Maria had mentioned. That's what the CP mark there for us to be doing stuff like that. To have inflows are there, but you're right to point out we've got some bonds matured in 2018 and refinancing those at the opportune time what will be considering that.
Joseph Osha: So just to clarify, we should assume that that kind a stays as it is maybe to you make these bigger decisions next year?
William Sperry: No, I think as your question was are there seasonal cash flows that would nationally cause CP to have some balances in the first half and to be paid off in the second half. And the answer to that is yes. But that more permanent capital those tenure bond that Maria showed you there is two tranches. I think you should continue to think of those are being refinanced as they come due. And then to the extent we have acquisitions that get up to critical math and you would term out those financings as they came along.
Joseph Osha: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: And there are no further questions at this time.
David Nord: All right, well thank you to all for joining us today and I know that Maria and Steve and Bill are around the rest of the day and tomorrow for any follow-up question you might have. So I look forward to seeing you over the course of the next 90 days in various events or at our third quarter call in October. Enjoy the rest of the summer.
Operator: This concludes todays conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-04-25 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Maria Lee - Treasurer and Vice President, Investor Relations Dave Nord - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Bill Sperry - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley Rich Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities Christopher Glynn - Oppenheimer Jeffrey Sprague - Vertical Steve Tusa - JPMorgan
Operator: Good morning. My name is Emily and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the First Quarter 2017 Results Call. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Maria Lee, Treasurer and Vice President of Investor Relations, you may begin your conference.
Maria Lee: Thanks, Emily. Good morning, everyone and thanks for joining us. I am joined today by our Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, Dave Nord and our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Bill Sperry. Hubbell announced its first quarter results for 2017 this morning. The press release and earnings slide materials have been posted to the Investors section of our website at www.hubbell.com. Please note that our comments this morning may include statements related to the expected future results of our company and our forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Therefore, please note the discussion of forward-looking statements in our press release and consider it incorporated by reference into this call. In addition, comments may also include non-GAAP financial measures. Those measures are reconciled to the comparable GAAP measures and are included in the press release in the earnings slide materials. Now, let me turn the call over to Dave.
Dave Nord: Okay. Thanks, Maria. Good morning, everybody. Thanks for joining us. Let me just start with some opening remarks on Page 3 of the slide, then Ill hand it off to Bill and he can go through some of the details. So if you turn to Page 3. You saw in our press release this morning, we had a nice start to the year. Our first quarter financial results were generally in line with expectations and our balanced portfolio delivered again quite frankly. As you saw, with strength in our Power Systems offsetting some softness in the Electrical segment, most specifically at Lighting, and well talk more about that throughout the morning. First quarter, you saw sales were up 2%, with the balance organic in our acquisition, each adding 1 point to sales. Currency headwind was a little less than 1%. Our reported operating margin was flat year-over-year due to slightly lower restructuring. Our adjusted operating margin, which excludes restructuring-related cost, was up 20 basis points year-over-year, a trend that I certainly had the team focused on and hope to continue to working on driven by productivity and restructuring savings. In the Power segment, productivity was greater than our cost inflation driven both by better productivity as well as cost control. Lot of investment, lot of focus on productivity over the years at Power Systems, investment in the automation and I think you see the benefits of that. On the Electrical segment side, there was some softness there. And a lot of that, the vast majority due to the restructuring-related inefficiencies that we saw at Lighting and a little bit of a challenge in meeting some improved market demand in some of the business there and I will come back to that in a minute. I would say most simply, we think that, that was inefficiencies probably cost us about a $0.01 in the quarter. So, you can see why I am very happy with the performance of the enterprise in the quarter other than this one element of challenge around restructuring. The restructuring-related cost specifically as we have accounted for them and disclosed them in the past, were about a dime in the quarter. That doesnt include somebodys efficiencies, which dont get captured in that dime. The overall program is on track in terms of our specific project spend and savings. And this is all competitive  critical programs to improve the competitiveness of our cost structure. On a reported basis, our earnings per share were $1.13, up 5% year-over-year and adjusted earnings per share, was $1.23, up 6% year-over-year. Free cash flow was 78% of net income, which is solid, a very solid start to the year in Q1, because I should know thats a seasonably low quarter for us. In the quarter, we repurchased approximately $53 million of shares. And on Friday, we announced that our Board approved our quarterly dividend, $0.70 per share to be paid on June 15 to shareholders of record on May 31. So, before Bill takes you through the specifics of the first quarter results and our full year expectations on the rest of slides, let me give you a few general comments on our markets acquisitions specifically on the performance of the Lighting business. First on the markets, thats pretty encouraging. We started the year, as you know, with some cautious optimism and I think some of that optimism is starting to be realized, although we are still cautious on that. And as I talked to customers over the last few weeks, I spent a lot with a lot of customers. They certainly seem more upbeat. They have seen good results in the first quarter and they are pretty positive on the rest of the year. One of the highlights I think is the year started less sloppy and choppy than in the last couple of years certainly even the beginning of last year should have January and February could be bumpy. This year, we didnt see the wild swings that we have seen in the past in those months in terms of orders and sales. Some of that could be due to favorable weather, some due to the optimism that I think we are starting to see exiting last year. And the performance across the markets was more consistent. The oil and gas appears to have stabilized. We saw little bit of that starting in the fourth quarter. That business was flat to slightly down, while the core industrial was also slightly down, but much better than the heavy declines we saw as we are still coming into last year. And the construction side, both residential and nonresidential markets were up in the single-digits, so less extreme variances with then in across markets. I think these trends would bode well as we look forward to the rest of this year. And certainly, nice to have only in this quarter, some modest drag from mix compared to what we saw in 2016 and we expect that, that will continue to improve as the year goes on. Second, on acquisitions, weve made a couple of small acquisitions in the quarter that we mentioned on the January earnings call and we have made a couple more early in April, so not in the first quarter, it will be second quarter reported results. As we mentioned, in January, just as a reminder, the power group purchased the substation and distribution switch manufacturer in Brazil and a domestic supplier of fiber splicing closures for telecommunications, both small deals, but real important examples of this element of our growth strategy both geographically and from a market standpoint. This quarter end, we did an acquisition in the construction of energy group where we purchased Advanced Engineering Corporation, a domestic gas components manufacturer. So, AEC have joined the recent acquisitions to complement construction energies offering in the gas distribution vertical. And also in April, something very new to us, we acquired iDevices. iDevices is a Connecticut-based developer with embedded firmware and app development expertise with custom-built Internet of Things, cloud infrastructure, a really very interesting company. They have got  iDevices has proven technology and established smartphone solutions. I view that as really essentially accelerating our R&D efforts, making getting a real jumpstart to our IoT capabilities with these acquisitions. And I see a lot of potential from this business to enhance our broad base of products and solutions. And we will talk more about that, that later. You can check out their website, get some more background on their products and offering. And while they have a proven product, what we find is the good news is they have a proven product. And more importantly, they have a capability and a market presence and credibility that we think can apply broadly against our product offerings over time, not just around the Lighting business. And in fact, thats why the business is actually reporting  will be reporting to Jim Van Hoof, who, as you know, is our Vice President of Growth and Innovation. It really is a company-wide initiative that this is going to support. So I am excited about all these acquisitions to the company and the capabilities they bring. Last and importantly, I mentioned earlier the softness in Electrical in the quarter and that was primarily the challenges of Lighting. As you know, we have been aggressively working on the cost structure at Lighting to make sure that we can get and maintain the competitive cost position in what we all know and you all know was very  has become a very competitive market from a product offering, from a pricing and from a cost standpoint. The business historically, Lighting was built on acquisitions, and so with acquisitions, comes a lot more capabilities, a lot more facility, a lot more infrastructure as we need, so we have been over time. And we have been a lot more aggressive recently. Those of you who have followed us for a long time, I cant help, but harking back and take full responsibility for something that we have done in the past, which is I tend to push us to do more. And the good news is our Lighting team embraced that and recognized the need to do more and sometimes we get ahead of ourselves in what we take on and our ability to execute effectively. I will tell you that we have got much, much better at exiting facilities. Obviously, still a little work on what we move into because of the complexity of the product offering and I think thats what we saw this quarter, particularly in the plant in Virginia and as well the new distribution center that we have opened in Georgia, consolidating quite a few facilities into Georgia. All very identifiable issues, all issues that we have very experienced teams working on, particularly drawing out resources from our other businesses, the other groups, all having some of the expertise that have allowed the power systems business and the wiring business and the Burndy business to be a successful as they are taking those strengths and supporting the Lighting team in executing the actions that they have got going on. The other side of it and its an interesting perspective that we are  that impacted us in the first quarter and will continue to impact us at least through the second quarter is the response from the market for the changes that we have done in light. I have spent the  I have spent a lot of time with customers over the last few weeks, particularly both large and small and the consistent message that I was getting from customers was lighting has done a great job changing the culture, being more responsive, their technology, their product innovation, all very supportive and the one shortcoming that has frustrated them is our delivery performance. And I think some of that in some of the business, particularly on the progress business, that actually surprised us. We werent quite prepared for some of the demand, so we found ourselves with inventory shortages. And as you know, thats really a foreign sourced business. So the lead times on that have created a challenge, but we have got a lot of actions in place, so a lot of that inventory on the water on its way in, so its from my standpoint, its not a bad situation to be in that the demand  we underestimated that some of the demand and our ability to execute on that demand. So we are working through all of those issues. And I think that with the right team and the right focus, it will take us certainly several more months to work through that and that really is whats impacting our year. But other than that, very positive on for the rest of the businesses and the markets that we are seeing. So Bill, do you want to go through some of the details of the quarter?
Bill Sperry: Thanks Dave and I appreciate you all taking the time to be with us this morning. I am going to start on Page 4 showing sales of $852 million, up 2% and the market contributions that contributed to that 1% organic growth. So the low single-digit growth has been around for a while, but this picture is actually quite different than we have seen over the last couple of years. As Dave said, less variation market for market and we really had some down hard red arrows and some up heavy greens and everything is kind of converging a little bit more. So on the non-res side, you see new construction having a positive quarter. On the renovation side, we saw growth, but on the re-light side, specifically in the lighting, we saw some shrinkage to cause that to be a flat reno. On the industrial side, our composite was down a couple of points. As we get to our outlook, we will talk you through how that actually is improving through the back half of the year. And as Dave said, oil and gas fattening and really at its bottom as far as we can tell of the cycle. On the Electrical, T&D side, distribution really being the MRO business, the slow and steady grower with some mild weather. I had positive growth there. Transmission, a little more project based, a little bit lumpier, a little bit harder to predict, but recently flat in the first quarter. And red showing growth both from single-family, multi-family, as well as from the improvement side, so while the outcome of kind of 1% growth, not that different, I think the composition of our end market construction is actually quite different. And we will talk about how thats a going to change for the rest of the year at the end. On Page 5, we have operating income and I am going to use adjusted. Dave has walked you through some of the reported compares on the just from a comparability perspective, I am going to use adjusted here as we have been over the last year or so. And you will see $112 million of income, 20 basis points better than last year. On the gross margin side, you see down 10%. The price headwind still coming from Lighting, material comp headwinds for us are number one from steel and number two from copper. And while mix is getting flatter, as long as those commercial businesses are outgrowing our industrial, that mix is going to be a drag up in the growth side. But you will see some pickup in the S&A side with the volume and cost controls and some of the productivity pick up adding 30 basis points of favorability there. On Page 6, you see our adjusted earnings per share of $1.23, up $0.07 versus last year and as we just talked, about $0.03 or so of that comes from operating income and the balance of $0.04 really coming from tax rate favorability and a lower share count based on some of our share repurchases offset by couple of pennies of higher interest expense. So 6% pick up or $0.07. I am going to switch now to discussing our segment performance. I am going to start with Electrical where you see $588 million of sales, 1% growth. And as Dave had highlighted, that non-res, lower margin business growing well from our commercial facing businesses as well as wire and devices having good growth in the quarter. Oil and harsh and hazardous being flat, industrial headwinds, mostly on the heavy side and Lighting volumes being down about 1 point, excluding price in terms of  in terms of its volume. On the performance side, you have seen the 9.7% margin on $57 million of adjusted OP and thats really where you can see the nickel of performance drag from Lightings operating inefficiencies with the restructuring included in the quarter there. And switching on Page 8 to Power, we have got $265 million of sales, which is 5% growth. And as you noticed there, a lot of that being driven by acquisitions and its worth a little comment on that, it was really four deals contributing to Powers acquisition growth in the quarter. Two completed last year and two completed in January of this year. Dave gave you a little bit of a reference on those. But interestingly of those four, one was a small deal in China to grow our Asian business. Another small deal in Brazil to grow there and the two domestic deals in the telecom hardware space, so really good examples of business development, helping our very successful power segment both expand globally and also beyond just electric utilities and into serving some of the phone utilities whose distribution networks have some very similar hardware and components for us to offer. On the performance side, obviously, attractive quarter, $56 million of OP, 21% margins, Dave made reference to their productivity and some of the CapEx they have been doing, getting some automation benefit there and as well as some cost controls that they have initiated last year, which are wrapping around here. The price material cost headwind that we have been talking with you all about was a headwind for the quarter, but the productivity was very impressive in terms of driving up those margins for the year. So the question for power will be when they need to make investments for future growth and we will talk about that as we talk about our [indiscernible]. I was going to ask Maria, our Treasurer, who has been promoting cash, is in here to talk about both our cash flow and our balance sheet.
Maria Lee: Okay. Thanks, Bill. Cash flow in the quarter was solid. We had $2 million more of income and that translated into $2 million more of free cash flow. We have better working capital or lower increase versus last year with lower inventory days year-over-year and favorable collections. So at 78% of net income, we are on track to meet our full year 2017 target of free cash flow of equal to net income. On the next page, Page 10, looking at our capital structure, we ended the quarter with about $380 million of cash and as is typical for us, most of it is international, over 90%. We had no commercial paper outstanding at quarter end, but we borrowed in April for the acquisitions that we were  that we are just talking about in C&I devices. So, we do currently have some CP outstanding. Our net debt-to-total cap is about 20%, 21%. And overall, as you can see here, its a healthy balance sheet and capable of supporting our acquisition strategy and our capital deployment objectives. I will hand it back to Bill for the outlook.
Bill Sperry: Okay. So for the year now, I am going to highlight a couple of changes we have made since the start of the year where we have taken up our outlook for industrial and oil and gas. So, I will start with the Electrical T&D side at 0% to 2%. We continue to believe that distribution is the slow and steady MRO-driven business. And the transmission side, we see some activity that makes us believe there is going to be some growth here. But in general, a steady low growth outlook for the power systems side of TND. On residential, we continue to have positive household formation push employment data showing more people working and even more  most recently, some mortgage data that sounded favorable, but we see single-family growth, we see multi-family growth. And on the MRO side, we see growth as well. So, we are maintaining that mid single-digit outlook for resi. On non-res, our outlook stayed at 2% to 4%. We are seeing prices outgrowing public, which has been the case for a while, but we continue to see supportive Dodge starts and AIA data as well as our order patterns in discussion with customers that lead us to feel like that 2% to 4% is appropriate for the rest of 17. So on the industrial side really we have been dragged down in our outlook and first quarter by the heavy industrial side. And Dave found discussion with customers as well as some RFP activity, we are feeling like thats got the opportunity to be better in the second half of the year and we see continued growth in light industrial. Some of our telecom exposure and industrial driven by outside plant spending from telecoms as well as datacenter spending, we view it as growing. And so we believe there is enough evidence there to raise our outlook from 0% to 2% to 2% to 4%. On the oil and gas side, as you all have followed us, we have been through a couple of tough years of volume. We have seen the business start to flatten. And now, we are getting ready and poised back to see some growth. We spent a lot of time talking with you all about the drivers for us of harsh and hazardous. And we talk about rig count being the #1 driver, but we havent spent a lot of time talking with you about the mix of that rig count. So, as a lot of the growth and a lot of you following rig counts, you see very snappish numbers pushing up very dramatically. Those tend to be the land rigs, right. There is quite a bit of Permian activity and spending and those are quite small type rigs compared to a large deepwater offshore rig, which is really a small floating city that has a lot more content of our components on it. And so right now, the rig count outlook is expected to be dramatically skewed to land versus offshore and so we are anticipating growth, but maybe more modest than some of the rig count followers. But if you are following that offshore rig count where that may get us a better insight into how we expect to see growth, but the dialogue with our customers is improving. The RFP activity is improving. We are starting to see more requests and even order activity and building up of backlogs. And so we feel good news for us there. So, thats an improved outlook basically by essentially at that point from where we were at the beginning of the year when we last spoke with you about outlook. And how that translates, thats 3% market growth on Page 12. The acquisition should contribute about 2%, get us about 5% for sales. The EPS range on a diluted, but reported basis, we are expecting to be about $5.40 to $5.60. Thats got $0.25 of restructurings on adjusted basis, thats $5.65 to $5.85. And there is really three pieces that we wanted to talk about kind of uniquely. First was the iDevice investment that Dave mentioned and where essentially they have got a really nice suite of wiring devices and for residential applications right now working well in the ecosystems with Google and Apple and Amazon and for the near-term, we are taking on essentially some R&D spending, but we feel very good, as Dave was saying, about what they are going to add to us in the future in terms of helping our low-voltage electrical products become sensing points transmitting data to building management systems and being able to be controlled from remote locations through apps and smartphones and etcetera. And that affects our resi lighting products as well, but also we will be migrating we think quickly to our C&I product portfolio, both of wiring devices and lighting. So that, in a short-term well have about $0.10 of dilution in providing inefficiencies, as Dave said, we experienced about $0.05 in the quarter and we are anticipating thats going to take us a couple of quarters to get those operating efficiencies ironed out. And then the improved end-market outlook will provide a partial offset of that. So there is $0.10 from the deal and another $0.10 operating wise caused us to take that range down. And we are still anticipating free cash flow to equal net income. I would say as we look at this outlook and shape it towards the second quarter we think the iDevice has about roughly $0.04 of dilution in Q2. And I think the nickel that Dave referenced is also a good lighting number for Q2. So there is a decent hit from this thats happening quickly in the quarter  quickly in the next quarter of the year and as we get things ironed out to the back half. So that really concludes our prepared comments and I would like to turn it back to you all for your questions.
Dave Nord: Well, let me give you a couple of comments before we open it up to questions. And I think Bill has gone through the details. He has told you a little bit about our guidance. I think the important thing from our stand, there is a couple of things. First, the good news is the markets finally seemed to be improving. I think we are still a little  we are going to be a little bit cautious there as I think most people are, because weve seen the divergence recently between the optimism index and some of the underlying data. And so its great that the bias is toward optimism, but it has to be realized certainly. And for us, one of real challenges and that we have to work on everyday is that particularly within a short cycle business, being  not being too conservative, because you have challenge then and reacting to the market if its that much better. So we are monitoring it on a daily basis and we dont always get it right, but we are  there is some businesses like the harsh and hazardous business that we were going to place some bets on and make sure that we are building ahead there. So, we can be responsive, if the some of the markets that we serve there snapback. So I think thats pretty good, the industrial markets, the strengthening commodities are certainly helping the industrial markets. And the electrical T&D as well as telecoms have some favorable prospects. So I would like the positive bias and I  if not for the challenges within the Lighting restructuring actions largely, we would certainly be on track to be achieving our neutral outlook and I would hope that we  the markets will be supportive of that and well execute against that and well be improving on the Lighting side. And the acquisition strategy continues to be an important contributor to our growth. So far, in this year, we have completed acquisitions that better position us for further expansion geographically, penetration into verticals of telecom and gas distribution, and importantly, acceleration of our capability around IoT technology design and development. So all that gives me confidence that there is a lot of potential for the year, but we have got a lot of work to do to realize that potential and thats what we are focused on everyday. And I, for one, who focused keenly on the lighting business, because it can perform and it will perform and we know what needs to get done. Its a challenging market. Other participants have shared the challenge in both demand and pricing and thats why we are taking the actions that we have been taking and we are just going to work that much harder on our execution to get that level of performance. So, look forward to your questions, look forward to a good year. Let me open it up to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Nigel Coe from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Nigel Coe: Thanks. Good morning.
Dave Nord: Good morning, Nigel.
Nigel Coe: Just there is obviously a lot going on here. I just want to start with the iDevices. You talked about as an investments not an acquisition, so just maybe just clarify what the nature of the investment and maybe just quantify, because it looks like this could be a pretty high multiple kind of deal. So what was the investment dollars? And then you called out $0.05 in 2Q, $0.10 for the full year in terms of dilution. What is the nature of that dilution? It sounds like there is some R&D that you are taking on here. And then how does that cascade into 18?
Bill Sperry: Yes, Nigel. So, iDevices has a suite of products that are wiring devices with resi applications, with apps and fully comparable with the three dominant resi ecosystems. So, its an acquisition in the sense that there are products, there is revenue and there is profit that comes from it. And yet those are immaterial in size relative to our guidance. So essentially, we are taking on approximately 30 software engineers and app developers and essentially investing in them as they develop applications for across our resi products and then across our C&I products. So, its like a quick step investment in R&D, but technically, its an acquisition, because there is a standing entity there. So from a multiple perspective, you are right, it doesnt really work as an EBITDA multiple. We are viewing it as investing and making $3.5 billion of products smarter as we go forward, which we think will generate new revenues and make our products differentiated. So we are pretty excited about that and its fun to spend time with those folks. Dave kind of made some reference to that, but these developers they want to change the world. They want to make products that change peoples lives. And they are pretty excited about looking at the breadth of our product line and their ability to add smartness across that. And at the same time, we have got  we feel really good about what they bring to the table for us.
Dave Nord: Nigel, let me just add. I mean, this is something  we have  you all have asked a lot of questions over the last year or two about our approach to the Internet and IT capabilities and we have shared some of the things that we are doing. Clearly, if I were sitting here in your chair, I would perceive that you are probably not going fast enough, but we were trying to build the capability in the normal course. And but recognize that, that may not work and if an opportunity presented itself in a manageable size, but as well as with the right capability, we would do something thats different than our normal manufacturing plant bolt-on deal. And so this is a business that I have been following for a little while and I will tell you that we are  I feel really good about it. We are fortunate to have them join the team, because in meeting with them regularly, I can assure you that there were quite a few industry participants both in our space as well as space outside of our space, not just Lighting, not just Electrical, but others that viewed the capability that they had and the reputation that they had in the marketplace as very positive. And they found we were fortunate, because they found in us something that many of our other acquisition profiles have found in a good match that culturally, our strategy, how they would fit, how they would be able to advance their strategy as well as our strategy in a much bigger way. So I am  yes, the downside about it is that it comes with a cost, but this was a cost that, over time, we are going to have to incur anyhow as we added that capability so what we have done is accelerate that cost into this year that we can build on, so.
Bill Sperry: So the math of that, Nigel, of the $0.10, you should think of a few of those as being driven by acquisition accounting and $0.07 or so coming from R&D spending, if you will.
Nigel Coe: Okay. And it seems like the right move and it looks very starting from the website, but in terms of just the dilution that we should expect in the out-years, are you prepared to make comments in terms of the dilution you will be eating in 18 and maybe beyond or do we see a pathway towards some accretion near term?
Bill Sperry: Yes. I think we will talk about that as things progress, but we are viewing it as being accretive in the reasonably  reasonable timeframe.
Nigel Coe: Okay. And then just a quick one on the price mix, the PCP and the Lighting impact thats clearly your original bridge back in January, how does that look today in terms of those two bars on your EPS bridge?
Bill Sperry: Yes. So the price is about what we thought, still a couple of points. And so that part is still intact. So the pressure is coming from the general productivity thats being challenged as Dave had described.
Nigel Coe: Okay, thats great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rich Kwas from Wells Fargo Securities. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Rich Kwas: Hi, good morning.
Dave Nord: Good morning Rich.
Rich Kwas: I just want to follow-up on Nigels question on prices, so was it negative 2% for the quarter or is it had been negative 3%?
Dave Nord: Yes.
Maria Lee: Yes. So it was still in that range, 2% to 3% for our Lighting sales, yes.
Dave Nord: For Lighting, yes.
Rich Kwas: And negative 1% for volume, right?
Dave Nord: We could call that correct right for the quarter?
Maria Lee: Yes, ex-Lighting  I am sorry, ex-pricing.
Rich Kwas: Ex-pricing, yes.
Dave Nord: Yes.
Rich Kwas: Great. And then on the  should we think of the $0.05, so $0.05 this quarter, $0.05 Q2 and then think about kind of another $0.05 in Q3 and then it kind of ends in Q4 because you said it was net, the $0.10 was net of some improved industrial performance?
Bill Sperry: Yes. I think thats a good shape, Rich.
Dave Nord: Again, Q2 could be a little bit more, just as some of the costs to really accelerate because the important thing on Lighting is getting our deliveries and our service levels to acceptable levels as quickly as possible because even when we do that, it takes time for the market to accept and trust those delivery levels. So there is an urgency that the team is working on and I have given them the authority to have to invest a little more in the near-term to get that. So it could be a little bit heavier in the second quarter.
Rich Kwas: Okay. And then just Dave, on NEMA, at the beginning, you talked about we dont get the data, but you talked about kind of flat market or they were saying flat market and you were seeing some of the data coming out of that, I mean so the first quarter here, it sounded like things trended a bit better here, so A, could you give us kind of cadence of things improved within the Lighting and then, what are your thoughts are on the market for the rest of the year for Lighting demand, because this is  you have got to  its a problem right, but its not a demand problem seemingly?
Dave Nord: Yes. No, well, I mean I think in Lighting, I think that I dont see that Lighting was better than the NEMA data, maybe slightly better. I think NEMA at one point was forecasting down 3 in the quarter and as we exited the year, so our down 1 is  I guess, you could argue, I put both of those in sort of the same category. But hey listen, I will take minus 1 versus minus 3 thats not dismissing that. And I think that the outlook is still flat to slightly negative from a NEMA standpoint. And I think the question is, is that reliable, we are not sure that thats reliable yet and thats a little bit what arguably we might have gotten a little caught on is anticipating more down and at least from our standpoint, the demand was a little bit better. And I think that I dont know that thats reflective of the market. We are in the 1, 2 point range, but if its a little better, it puts a lot of pressure on us to perform and I think thats one of the contributing factors to our efficiencies or lack thereof in some of the product moves. We are putting new product into a new plant or an existing plant, while you are trying to meet a little higher demand profile. And that caused a bit of an issue. So we are still anticipating that it will be flat to slightly up from a NEMA standpoint and you see that in the res and non-res, but we are monitoring it.
Rich Kwas: Okay, alright. And then just quick last one for me on industrial. With regards to the incremental 2 points of growth relative to the initial guide, I guess Bill, how would you characterize the mix of that business, I mean you talked about rig count maybe not optimal for harsh and hazardous, but in general I just think of your business, the incremental point of growth on industrial is pretty good mix for you, so should we think of that in terms of run rate basis kind of a 25% incremental on those that incremental growth coming out of industrial?
Bill Sperry: Yes, I think thats a good number Rich, yes.
Rich Kwas: Okay, alright, great. Thanks. I will pass it on.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Christopher Glynn from Oppenheimer. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Christopher Glynn: Thank you. Good morning.
Dave Nord: Good morning Chris.
Christopher Glynn: Good morning. Dave, on power systems margin, it looks maybe you are keeping a little bit more of the productivity than you anticipated, can you talk about that going forward and you also mentioned you would give a little more detail of the comments about growth investments there for Power Systems?
Dave Nord: Okay. Certainly, that power system has demonstrated productivities in their DNA. And so they have taken the action. They have made investments. They continue to make investments and I expect that they will continue to drive productivity, although the bar gets higher every year and it gets more challenging when they keep trying to deliver the same amount, but there is still opportunity there that they are working everyday. So I expect the productivity to continue. But I think the issue that they all faces on the material cost and pricing side of the equation that they keep expecting and they see a little of price pressure. But there is with material commodity cost increases, thats going to put a little bit of pressure on them.
Christopher Glynn: Okay. And did you mention something about forthcoming growth investment for power systems?
Bill Sperry: Yes, I do Chris. And I was just making reference to their headcount and they have been controlling costs hard last year. And at some point, there is a value creating growth that comes from new heads in the form of engineers and sales force and things like that to help grow the business. And so I was just trying to highlight, there is a balance between harvesting and maximizing short-term margin versus maximizing the long-term profit.
Christopher Glynn: Okay. Lighting pricing, I think by the second half, you anniversary some adjustments that I think were designed to correct some standing misalignment that you had with the market, so does the year-over-year pricing still expected to be tougher in the first half, moderate in the second?
Maria Lee: I think very modestly. I think its probably at about a flat level throughout the year, a little maybe worse in the first quarter at the 2% to a little bit over 2%, 2%, 3%, as we exited the year at 3%, but it will probably be relatively even at 2% I think throughout the year.
Dave Nord: Thats certainly how we are looking at it Chris. But you know the participants better than us and as we have said in the past, we are not a price leader, we are a price follower. And I think there is a lot of  thats one thing we are paying a lot of attention to, because I think there is it continues to be a lot of competition trying to capture more share, particularly when you see the market that was growing and everyone expected to keep growing at double digits. It slows and flattens. There is people who were trying to maintain that growth profile and its more difficult without capturing share and its difficult to capture share without pricing. So thats something that we will follow closely. But we think we are  thats why we are so keen on the aggressive actions that we are taking as painful as they are and as challenging as they are to execute to make sure that we are not behind on that. We are and we will at least be trying to stay up with the market, so.
Christopher Glynn: Okay. And on that softening with the software as part of luminaire market and you are expecting I think 2% to 4% non-res for the year, did you see any relief in the volumes or the market demand into April or March or general linearity, comments of any variety?
Bill Sperry: Are you asking about Lighting or generally, Chris?
Christopher Glynn: Yes, Lighting, relative to the non-res outlook as well?
Bill Sperry: Yes. So not beyond the non-res outlook, I think Dave was describing accurately the NEMA shape, which had low kind of first half and improving second half and so I dont think we would expect to see outsized orders at this point in the area.
Christopher Glynn: Okay. Thanks everybody.
Dave Nord: Alright.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeffrey Sprague with Vertical. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Jeffrey Sprague: Good morning everybody.
Bill Sperry: Good Morning Jeff.
Jeffrey Sprague: Hi, good morning. Just back, big picture on lighting, so there is quite a puzzle everybody is trying to solve out here, right, I think that the big question is with ostensibly a penetration story and installed base to be harvested, why is Lighting actually under growing the construction markets and I havent really heard anybody put forth a cohesive answer to that question and I just wonder actually what your view is on that, have we all misjudged how much retrofit there is to do or is there some other missing piece of the equation here?
Bill Sperry: I think it squeezes into retrofit and I dont know that we have misjudged it. We may just have gotten a little bit ahead of it. The retrofit became a really big part of the volume. And I think so maybe some of that spending has been proven hard to lap, maybe some of the incentives were stronger, but I am not sure that we have misjudged it, Jeff. I dont think that thinking about a large installed base of 30-year-old C&I Lighting and that there is a value proposition to retrofit that. I still think that pieces holds. But I think clearly, thats where the disappointing volume is coming out of that retrofit side, not out of the construction side.
Jeffrey Sprague: And then relative to the comments on Progress Lighting and actually being short of inventory, it sounded like what was the top line impact from that, did that have a meaningful impact on the top line?
Bill Sperry: Resi grew a little bit in the quarter and we are expecting it to grow. And so I dont think it had a big impact Jeff, but its important that we get that realigned so that we can service our customers at the level that they expect.
Jeffrey Sprague: And the earnings headwinds from the Lighting disruptions are those all cost related, kind of untying that in the factories for lack of a better term or is there kind of a lost revenue element to that going on?
Bill Sperry: Yes. I think thats a hard question for us to answer. I think what we have quantified is all cost. Its in the nature of expedited shipping, right. As you were standing up a new distribution center, you are touching things a few times, you are fulfilling one order with multiples and so there is cost associated with that to the extent of that customer service is not at it at what you would like because that caused you to lose a little business, I think is a hard question for us to answer.
Jeffrey Sprague: And then just finally for me on power, I totally get what you are saying about the kind of price-cost, but what are you doing on price, do you see the scope to be able to push price here, have you done anything year-to-date and how was the market responding to that?
Bill Sperry: Yes. Generally on price, if you are talking about all of Hubbell, we have actually done quite a lot on steel facing and copper, but intense businesses, in Electrical, we have actually pulled price pretty aggressively and I think competition has followed those moves and those appear to be I think working their way through the market. But I think you were asking specifically about Power and they have not been pulling price. And I think as commodity inflation persists here, we are going to have to get the timing of when to ask for some of that back. We are going to have to get that. But for now, I think they were writing a little bit of commodity tailwind for a bit and so I think it shifts a little bit too early for the Power guys.
Jeffrey Sprague: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Tusa of JPMorgan. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Steve Tusa: Hi guys, good morning.
Dave Nord: Hi. Good morning Steve.
Steve Tusa: What was more specifically kind of LED up in the quarter?
Dave Nord: Yes. So LED for us  is at the kind of two-thirds adoption rate for us volume wise on the C&I side. So its become a pretty predominant  its like the standard, its the new standard, obviously.
Steve Tusa: And you guys compete with GE there, obviously right, I am not a Lighting analyst, so I am not on this market, but you guys do compete with GE there?
Dave Nord: Well, we compete with the luminaire manufacturers, right, who are making LED fixtures and not any of the components.
Steve Tusa: Okay, got it. So I mean GE talked about their LED business orders being up like 40%, I mean I am just wondering, is there somebody thats really in there kind of disrupting the market so maybe the market forecast is just a little off given that there is one player thats just kind of going hog wild for volume for whatever strategic reason, albeit misguided or not, is there chance of that, thats going on?
Dave Nord: We dont believe on the luminaire side that that would be the case. On the components side, that could be happening in certain places that where we would be potentially the beneficiary of some price competition there because we would be downstream of that.
Steve Tusa: Yes, got it. Okay, got it. When you guys talk about the industrial business and you talked about kind of the heavy markets being, what percentage of industrial is kind of heavy and I would assume you are kind of referring to mining there or is that also a little bit of oil and gas?
Maria Lee: So the heavy is not the mining business. There is a little bit of mining in the O&G piece actually, thats sort of more broadly extractive industries. But the heavy industrial is where for example, we will sell crane controls to a steel manufacturer, so thats why the commodity for  the demand for commodities drives a lot of that to market health. But the size of that, so if the industrial bucket is about 20%, I think what we call core industrial is about 60% of that. And then of that, the heavy is about I think maybe about 40%, 40% of the 60%  of the 20%, yes. Its a smaller component, but it is a higher margin business, so starting to see that come back is a good thing.
Bill Sperry: Its also swinging a lot, right. I mean it was coming down double digits to flat. Those are big swings on that 40%.
Steve Tusa: Right. And then just one last one, total price-cost just for the kind of for the company at a high level, what was the impact including, including the price in lighting, so just for the total co, what do you think price-cost was in the quarter?
Maria Lee: So if we are looking at price and material costs outside of the productivity and cost increases, for overall Hubbell, it was about 1 point, actually just over 1 point.
Steve Tusa: Of margin?
Maria Lee: Of margin.
Steve Tusa: Okay. And one last one you grew earnings $0.05, if you kind of use kind of all-in number this quarter, I think $1.45, second quarter last year, you have this dilution and maybe just help us with the quarterly profile so that we can kind of reset the second quarter base and any kind of good color using that kind of $1.45 as the base last year on how we should shake out for the quarterly progression?
Bill Sperry: Yes. I think absent kind of cutting our guidance to quarterly, I think the change from the way everybody has been thinking of it, the way we have been thinking of it is if you added or took away a nickel for Lighting in the $0.04 range for iDevice dilution, I think those  thats the deviation from our...
Dave Nord: Typical normal pattern, right.
Bill Sperry: Yes.
Steve Tusa: Okay, got it, perfect. Alright guys. Thanks.
Dave Nord: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I will turn the call back to our presenters.
Dave Nord: Okay, great. Well, I appreciate everybody joining today. And obviously, Maria and Steve Beers will be around this afternoon for any follow-up questions. And over the course of the next month, we will be out with you all at various events including Light Fair in a couple of weeks. You will get to meet some of the iDevice folks who will be there. And then I will see you all at EPG and we could provide more of an update on progress at Lighting as well as more insights on to iDevices and some of the other strategic issues that we are contemplating. So, thanks again for your time and we will talk to you soon.
Operator: This concludes todays conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q4  (2017-01-31 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Maria Lee - VP of IR Dave Nord - President & CEO Bill Sperry - CFO
Analysts: Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley Rich Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities Christopher Glynn - Oppenheimer Joshua Pokrzywinski - Buckingham Research
Operator: Good morning. My name is Emily and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Hubbell fourth quarter earnings call. [Operator Instructions]. Thank you. Maria Lee, you may begin your conference. 
Maria Lee: Thanks, Emily. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us. I am joined today by our President and Chief Executive Officer, Dave Nord; and our Chief Financial Officer, Bill Sperry. Hubbell announced its fourth quarter and full-year results for 2016, this morning. The press release and earnings slide materials have been posted to the investors section of our website at www.Hubbell.com.  Please note, that our comments this morning may include statements related to the expected future results of our Company and are forward-looking statements, as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Therefore, please note the discussion of forward-looking statements in our press release and consider it incorporated by reference into this call.  In addition, comments may also include non-GAAP financial measures. Those measures are reconciled to the comparable GAAP measures and are included in the press release and the earnings slides materials. Now, let me turn the call over to Dave. 
Dave Nord: Okay, Maria. Thank you. Good morning everybody. Thanks for joining us. I'm going to talk about -- a little bit -- just give an overview our finish to the year and I'll turn it over to Bill to give a little more details. But, I'm on page 3 of the slides. You can see, we had a strong finish to the year. Certainly, employees, after having a challenge every month and every quarter throughout the year, you see the fourth quarter, we had sales up 3%. Now, that was driven largely by acquisitions. They contributed 4% and we had, still, a point of FX headwind offsetting that. So the result organic sales were flat.  On the adjusted operating margin which includes our restructuring and related costs, we did have a 20 basis point improvement year-over-year. And our adjusted EPS was $1.35, up 3% from last year. We'll note that -- and I'll talk a little bit later, we did have higher restructuring and related costs than we previously communicated.  As a result of the ongoing challenges in Lighting and particularly, the increased demand in LED, we stepped up our cost actions and are working through a plan to consolidate two of our domestic lighting facilities that serve the linear-fluorescent markets. This action drove restructuring and related cost to the year to be $0.42. I know we have been guiding throughout the year at $0.35. But, I also have suggested throughout the year that there's always plenty of opportunities and to the extent that we identify more actions that we think we can execute effectively and that will provide benefit going forward, we will pull some of those forward. And I think that's, clearly, what I would say we've done in the fourth quarter. I think, free cash flow, also, was a very strong year as well, finishing well over 100% for the fourth quarter and for the year.  Before I move on to some specifics in the quarter year, let me take some broader observations on the market and maybe some business highlights for Hubbell since our last call. From a macroeconomic perspective, the end markets continued even in the fourth quarter, with what I've said throughout the year to be sloppy and choppy. Although, I've certainly hope I can stop making that reference in 2017. I think, certainly, that is going to moderate, maybe with a little more predictability on the underlying markets.  But some of the important markets like oil and core industrial, certainly showing signs of stabilization on a sequential basis. When we look at some of the broad economic indicators, we're seeing strength in the residential construction market, driven by single-family and improvements.  And the leading indicators for the non-residential markets generally point to growth. We've seen in the fourth quarter the ABI trends recently indicated growth in billings, the Dodge Data is more promising and the non-res permits continue to slope higher. But at the same time, some of the NMEA Data which really has got more specificity to the electrical industry, is a little more modest and particularly around lighting, where some of their forecasts suggest the luminaire markets was down in the fourth quarter and may be flat in 2017. Now that's information that comes from participants in the market.  There's a lot of analysis that goes into it, but I think that the data is still not all consistent, although, I'd say overall there's a positive bias. So, I think those non-res markets are mixed and as I said, I think there's an optimistic bias overall. And I think that's what we're generally seeing, at least from December into January.  For our core industrial energy markets, our year-over-year quarterly declines in the total industrial production are moderating. And, I think you saw in December, the ISM was up and manufacturing output was up. So that's certainly a favorable trend for heavy and light industrial businesses.  And U.S. to worldwide rig counts still significantly off-peak. But they have been increasing and certainly as you know, more rig activity bodes well for Harsh and Hazardous business. We can't control the end markets, as we have always said, so we stay focused especially on what we can control, things like product innovation, acquisitions and certainly operational improvements. And on these, I think there are some highlights I want to call out, since October.  First, we're focused on product innovation and focused on the customer. Our commercial industrial business continues to introduce new products. They introduced a new innovative update to a core product in the advantage series, Pin and Sleeve -- has new safety elements to it, power indicating LED lights and the like. And they've also introduced the industry's first 4-inch floor box, the SystemOne, 4-inch recessed floor box, that provides a lot easier installation and we're already seeing a lot of wins and retail and in non-res construction.  On the Lighting side, Lighting launched a new item called SiteSync which has embedded wireless controls for outdoor lighting. It's built on flexibility, ease-of design, installation simplicity, all things that we know and have heard consistently from customers, are very important. And more recently, Lighting held the grand opening or I'd say re-opening, of their state of the art Lighting Solutions Center that is used to educate our customers about features, cost savings, train -- employees train other market participants.  And we're looking forward to sharing that facility with investors and analysts over the course of the year. And, I think, Maria and Steve Beers will be working on some of that scheduling. So make sure you talk to them about that.  While we have to focus on customers, the other thing we know that we've been doing a lot of and you know, is continuing to focus on acquisition-related activities. More recently, not big numbers, but certainly important additions to the portfolio and added capabilities in the fourth quarter, the construction energy business expanded in the Harsh. And bought a little product line in the UK that serves the Harsh and Hazardous Connectors and Lighting business. Really important -- one, because it demonstrates our continued commitment to the harsh and hazardous market and we're continuing to be ready as that market starts to recover.  In the Construction Energy business, also, we just passed the one-year anniversary of the Lyall acquisition which was a big expansion into the natural gas distribution market. And as we've seen and continue to see, the increased use and deployment of excess flow valves has been a big growth driver for that business.  And so far this year, the Power Systems business has bought a couple of small businesses. One in Brazil that manufactures switches for substation and distribution utility markets in Brazil. Obviously, a very challenging economic environment, but serving the utility industry certainly has potential.  And the other's a little acquisition that is a supplier of fiber-spliced enclosures and hardware expanding on our telecommunications capability. Both small -- not meaningful contributors to the top line, per se, but certainly significant to adding to our capabilities. And operationally, we continue to operate with discipline. Automation continues to be a focus in all of our groups, particularly in Construction and Energy. And adding to the productivity, we're investing in capital.  And in terms of cost actions, the big area that we have been focused on and continue to focus on, the actions continue and the savings continue to be realized. We invested $16 million, $19 million of earnings per share in restructuring and related actions in the fourth quarter, bringing our full year totaled $42 million. That's higher than we previously communicated because of the Lighting actions.  On a diluted EPS basis, $0.19 of the $0.30 that we expect to incur around this consolidation was realized in the fourth quarter and the rest will happen in 2017. These costs were primarily employee related and a big part of it is the present value costs associated with exiting a multi-employer pension plan.  Now, I will note, that we just announced that to the impacted union last week, so we're still in discussions with the union. So, our plans are still being worked through with the union, including, the estimated costs and timing. And they are subject to the outcomes of those discussions. So, there could be some change, but certainly the market demands that we get more efficient and we just can't afford to operate both those facilities.  So, also note that the cost in Q4 that we incurred, when I talk about the $0.19 for this plan, we were able to offset some of that cost with the benefit that we received on the sale of one of the other lighting facilities that we closed earlier in the year. And so, that helped mitigate that. And that's one of the reasons that we were able to pull forward that action into the fourth quarter.  Beyond, the Lighting restructuring, we're still continuing to focus on cost reduction of the other facilities and business processes. So, across Hubbell, our savings and that's really the important, ultimate driver of why we're doing this, our full year expectation of an incremental $0.30 in 2016, we're going to exceed that a little bit. And that brings our cumulative realized savings from all of these actions, since we started this in late 2014, to more than $0.45 of diluted earnings per share.  So I think all very positive things, very -- a lot of activity, all contributing to future value creation. So, I feel pretty good about that.  So with that, that make, let me just turn it over to Bill and he can give some insights into the specifics of the quarter and how we finished the year. Bill? 
Bill Sperry: Thank you, Dave. Good morning, everybody. Appreciate you taking the time to be with us this morning. And Dave just highlighted two important themes that kind of permeate our release here. One is that restructuring program that Dave highlighted -- and I'm going to be talking mostly about adjusted numbers, but he gave you an update on how much we're spending and how much were saving. And we're very pleased with the traction we've had on making our cost structure more competitive.  The second is the acquisition program which you'll see is really driving growth in the quarter and the year, across the company. Dave gave you a feel for some of the small power systems deals we did in 2017, just to give you the feel for what was closed and how it impacted 2016. Consistent with our program affecting both Electrical and Power segments being active, the Power side making two acquisitions. And in Electrical, Dave mentioned and referred to Lyall, but the building for us of a natural gas distribution hardware and components company, has proven to be, to date, a very good investment -- strong growth.  And so that $180 million or so, invested last year, we invested in it about nine times. I know you all ask is frequently about the M&A market and where valuations are. Our typical program is closer to eight, so we paid up a little bit this year for higher growth.  I'm going to use the slides to guide our comments, here and I'm going to start on page 4 where Dave left off. And just looking at the end markets and you can see the 3% overall growth is really representative of flat organic markets, all driven by acquisition. And Dave made comments on the non-res side and, I think, we're seeing a little bit of bifurcation there. Where in the Commercial Construction side, we're still seeing some decent growth and Dave referred to some of the lighting experience being much flatter.  On the industrial side, those arrows are still pointing down, but we really are seeing, now, the stabilization as our fourth quarter volumes were very consistent sequentially with our third and second quarters. So, it leads us to believe, those two areas are bottoming and poised to rebound.  Utility markets, you see the transmission arrow being down red, so we did have some projects slide to the right. And when we get to that segment, you'll see, they were dependent on acquisitions for growth. And the resi market continuing to show us favorability, both, from the construction side as well as the reno side.  On page 5, you'll see the adjusted operating income at $124 million or 14.5%, a 20 basis point improvement which is driven off of a flat gross margin year-over-year. As we saw the headwinds from mix and material costs and price being offset by restructuring and productivity gains. And then on the S&A side, really, the 20 basis points of favorability coming there.  Page 6, you'll see our adjusted EPS of $1.35, $0.04 higher than last year, being driven by the operating income being higher. The important drivers here, where we utilized our balance sheet -- borrowed a little bit of money to finance our acquisitions and some shareholder buybacks, that were constructive to EPS. But you got some distortion on the tax line as R&D last year, was effectively, the full-year effect all squeezed into the fourth quarter, so showing a quarterly-comparative negative.  On page 7, we'll turn to segment results and we'll start with Electrical segment. And you'll see sales performance of 3% to $602 million. Again, the consistent theme, where that growth is being all driven by acquisitions, as organic growth was absorbed by foreign exchange. And you saw that dichotomy in non-res, where we had Commercial Construction, our Rough-in Electrical businesses growing, but the Lighting business being flat in the quarter on the units basis before price.  On the more industrial side, again, oil being down mid-single digits, some of the heavy industrial pieces being down mid-single digits, but those are versus prior year and sequentially both of those showing stabilization and sequential flatness which I think is quite a good sign. On the operating income side, you see flat in dollars and a 20 basis point decline, for the Electrical segment, as price and material cost headwinds and mix overcame the benefits from restructuring.  Page 8, we've got our Power segment fourth quarter results and 4% growth to $253 million. You'll see acquisitions adding more than that, so the weak organic volume being driven by some of the outside-plant telecom business having very difficult compares against a very, very strong quarter last year and some of the delays in some of the large transmission projects creating a little bit of drag to our volume there.  On the operating income side, you'll see an increase to $55 million or 21.6%. The price material cost equation which we've been talking with you about for a couple of quarters now, has caught up to the business, where price actually went negative for the first time this year. And combined with some cost headwinds provided some drag. They happened to enjoy, from a previous acquisition, a reduction of an environmental liability that created a little bit of a one-time lift in that reported -- or adjusted 21.6%.  I'm going to transition, on page 9, to talking about our full year. You see 2016, we did $3.5 billion of sales an increase of 3%. Again, all driven by acquisitions. You'll see the adjusted OP margins 50 basis points behind last year, at 14.6%. The three drivers there being negative mix which we've talked about all year; the price and material cost headwind; and foreign exchange drags.  The tax rate was favorable. Last year we had some costs of our reclassification which you'll all remember, were not tax-deductible, so we had a favorable compare there. And you'll see earnings per share, a 3% growth. And Dave commented on the attractive free cash flow performance for the year.  Page 10, the themes are not that new here on the full-year Electrical segment results. 3% growth from acquisitions, growth out of non-res, lighting for the year was mid-single-digit grower. Commercial construction similarly growing. Oil down high teens for our Harsh and Hazardous business, as we had thought it would be. And heavy industrial down mid-teens.  So, that's the mix effect as those two markets, really losing so much volume -- high margin businesses for us and importantly, when Dave gets to talking about our outlook you'll see that affect really starting to moderate as those markets volumes start to stabilize.  On the operating income performance line, you'll see the same themes for the year of mix and FX headwinds, as well as some cost increases. And that price headwind overcoming, actually, a tailwind for material costs, was really concentrated in the Lighting business where we saw really the effect of that price.  For the Power segment, on page 11, the 4% growth to $1.45 billion, all acquisitions -- same theme. Performance up 30 basis points as they had favorable price-cost performance. Cash flow, Dave referred to at the top, strong year for us. You see more income. As we're acquisitive we're going to have more D&A. The working capital improvement was, really, largely driven by inventory management which was better this year. I think last year, as our restructuring program was getting into high gear, we have some redundant inventories that we managed better this year and the improvement in Other being driven by deferred taxes. So, being able to get free cash flow at 113% of net income.  Capital structure, on page 13, we had an interesting demanding year on our cash needs. We made acquisitions in the $173 million range; share repurchases in $250 million; and you'll see we paid down the overnight Commercial Paper and built cash balances, utilizing our internally generated cash flow, as well as a new 10-year bond, you'll see, that we put out at the beginning of the year, at 3.35%.  So, good long term capital to put in the base here. The result is a net debt-to-cap of 19% which we consider to still be opportunistic to be investing and were happy that this capital structure's being supported by healthy operating cash flow.  So, I'm going to hand back to Dave to switch from 2016 to our outlook for next year, for 2017. 
Dave Nord: All right. Thanks, Bill. So let me just close out 2016 with a quick summary and then we'll get on the 2017. Certainly, end markets, in the aggregate, came in generally in line with our expectations as flat. And, I think, if you back a year ago, that's kind of what we thought. There was a question of whether there was upside to that, whether we're being conservative. But, I think, the year played out more like we expected. We would have rather it been better, but at least we navigated it and our adjusted diluted earnings per share came in with in the range we expected, up 3% and reported EPS was up 10%.  We accelerated cost actions to address some of the product trends and we absorbed these higher restructuring and related costs and as Bill just mentioned, our free cash flow came and strong at 113%. So, I think all-in-all, a good year, not an easy year, a lot of uncertainty, but we've navigated it.  So, let's turn to 2017 and what are we looking at this year? First, let's talk about the end markets. We're cautiously optimistic about 2017. We think the overall -- cutting to the chase, we think end markets, for us, will be up approximately 2%. Which is still a slow growth environment, but certainly feels a lot better than a flat markets we saw overall in 2016.  Equally important, I think there's going to be -- we think there's more consistent growth across the end markets than what we saw in 2016. I mentioned, hopefully were not talking about sloppy and choppy -- more consistent and particularly against all of our markets, as you see in the pie chart on page 14, flat to up. We haven't seen that for a couple of years. So, that's the good news, even if it's modest.  Consequence of this more consistent growth, is less headwind from the mix on sales. While the larger growth pies, here, are in the somewhat lower-margin businesses than the Oil and Gas and Industrial, they're will still be a little -- some mix headwind that we'll be navigating, through, but nowhere near the level that we've experienced in the past. And at some point, maybe toward the end of the year, that will start to neutralize and will turn positive. And really look forward to that environment again.  We're not expecting a V-shaped recovery in oil markets, although the recovery could be stronger than 0 to 2 that were planning for. And we certainly have the capacity to capitalize on that growth, but right now we're just being a little bit cautious in, that area particularly, with the -- because it's such a high margin, it creates such volatility in our outlook. We're going to be a little bit biased there.  We did -- you'll note, we did bump up our expectations on the Construction side, both on the residential and non-residential, from what we -- our outlook back in October, to a point more of growth on both of those markets. And, I think, there's a lot of support for that. Certainly some of the indicators are there and the general sentiment's there.  And, I think, to the extent that some of the proposed policies and investments and more stimulus in infrastructure could certainly support improvement in there, but I don't think we'd see that until the end of the year, at best. That would be more of a 2018 impact for us.  Of course, the wild card's still -- all of that growth is some of the things are front and center today, both trade and tax policies. So, much too early to size the impact of that. I think for us, clearly, there some implications as a net importer, you know, border taxes would have an implication on us.  And we're beginning to and we've done some work around modeling that and one of the advantages, I think, we have is, because of our significant domestic footprint and the capacity that we have there, we have a lot of flexibility to manage, depending on how that plays out. And the question will be what that does to overall demand.  All of our businesses are looking at that, evaluating that. We don't expect a significant impact of that on 2017 and again, that would be more of a 2018 issue. So what does that mean for us? Turn to page 15. On our outlook, we expect to outperform the end markets, modestly. Certainly from new product development, to the extent that we get share gain, but really, more on the more new product and innovation.  Offsetting that, is continued challenges on the Lighting side on pricing. We saw that ramp up throughout the year. Certainly, the compares would get easier than the latter part of 2017, but we'll still be facing that head-on, for -- largely, in the first half of the year and hopefully that will moderate in the second half of the year.  We think our earnings per share, on a reported basis will be in the range of $5.60 to $5.80. That includes $0.25 of restructuring and related costs. We expect, as I mentioned earlier, incremental savings from prior actions of $0.20, but we're going to have to -- some of that is going to get used to support our Lighting pricing pressure, a little bit of continued FX headwind and some of the material cost headwind that we're going to deal with.  In terms of cash flow, we're targeting free cash flow equal to net income. I think we've demonstrated in 2016 that we got back to focusing on it as a net borrower and I think there's more opportunity, with discipline, particularly around our working capital management.  And note that these expectations don't contemplate any additional significant acquisitions. That doesn't mean there aren't acquisitions that continue to be explored. They would be added to this, all on the upside. And they're important. They continue to be an important part of our strategy. You've seen, the added three points to our annual sales growth for the last decade and I think we would expect, we certainly target to do, at least that kind of level of acquisition growth on top of this.  So on page 16, I think we started this last year, just to give you of how we get from this year's $5.24 to next year's $5.60 to $5.80, we do have the tailwinds from restructuring and our related costs, both from the incremental savings in from a lower level of spending; as well as the top-line growth and to some extent, some of the acquisition roll-over benefit, as they head into their second year.  Price cost productivity, excluding the price at Lighting, is expected to be a net headwind, largely driven by some material costs, namely, steel that will exceed our price increases. As we've talked about you know over the course of time, our price increases typically lag the commodity inflation, so we think there will be a net drag this year.  We certainly try to get ahead of that. And if we do, that would be an opportunity, but that's not typically how it works. We spiked out price at Lighting this year because it's sizable. It doesn't fit our typical cost-price productivity equation, given the competitive dynamics. Because, as I mentioned earlier, calendarization in last year price pressure in Lighting worsened throughout the year. We anticipate a reverse of that pattern in 2017, based on the easier compares. And a lot of that attributable to LED adoption -- the pricing around LED adoption, so as those rates of adoption start to moderate, I think that can help mitigate the pricing pressure.  In foreign exchange, we still expect it to be a headwind, certainly more modest than the last year. That's got both translational and transactional impacts. So those are the key elements getting us to our $5.60 to $5.80. You might have noticed the absence of mix and pension from this page, we've talked about -- I think we talked about in the third quarter we had that as some of our headwinds and other considerations. You know we certainly expect that the severe mix headwind that we saw in 2015 in 2016 to moderate. So we think that's -- should be at a level that that's not worth contemplating in this analysis.  And the last item, on pension, we're now looking at pension expense roughly flat year-over-year. It's a change to what we saw in October, really due to two factors. One is discount rates which lessened, but it didn't completely offset what we were looking at as the headwind in the year-over-year incremental increase. The other is, we approved the design change for our non-collectively bargained U.S. plans which included shifting our active defined-benefit plan participants to a defined-contribution plan and a full freeze of plans by 2020.  Getting more predictability to our cost profile, substituting a defined benefit with a defined contribution. Something that -- you know, we closed the plan originally, in 2004 to new participants and now we're freezing the benefits over the course of the next three years. So that provides some -- and helped mitigate that headwind, kind of neutralize it for next year.  So, all-in-all, a lot of activity, as I mentioned, focused around cost, focused around growth. I think we'll continue to do a lot of more of the same, with more emphasis this year on innovation, product investment -- because as I look at the market going forward, I think the market trends are positive. Our cost structure and our execution around our cost structure is positive. I think the technological shift that we've seen in Lighting can start to impact the rest of the electrical industry and we're very well prepared to take advantage of that. But we'll be looking at where best to invest our efforts to make sure that we're well-positioned well into the future.  So with that, let me open it up to questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from the line of Nigel Coe from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Nigel Coe: I just wanted to start up with the bridge for 2017, and maybe quantify the impact of the Lighting price decline. Looks to be about $0.25, is that about the right number? 
Bill Sperry: Yes, you're in the right ballpark there. We're sort of suffering in the 2-point range, and it's a little hard to anticipate how long that continues. But, you know Nigel, the way we've ended the year, as Dave said, where it's a little bit heavier in the back half than the front. I think it's only prudent for us to assume that it persists, and that kind of precipitated some of our cost actions to keep being aggressive there, and manage against that. 
Nigel Coe: Okay. And with that 2 points, is that a gross impact? So is that gross price? I'm assuming you're getting some deflation on the inputs, as well. 
Dave Nord: Yes, but it affects top line as well. Yes. 
Nigel Coe: Okay. And then, just switching to the stipulation that you called out in some of the heavy industrial and energy-centric businesses. Can you just remind us, the roughly 10 points of oil and gas mix on sales -- or little bit less than that, how much of that is levered to North American lands business? And maybe you could just talk about whether you saw that pick up sequentially in 4Q versus 3Q. 
Bill Sperry: Yes, we really haven't seen the pickup sequentially. We're pretty happy that we've seen, you know, comparable sequential numbers for now a couple of quarters. But we really haven't seen pick up. I think, if the anticipation going forward is some of the larger mega-projects, maybe, are the slower ones to get turned on, and the spending is more by smaller companies, and I think, that would be okay with us. I think we'd still look forward to serving those.  Part of what we did during this downturn is, we adjusted our headcount, you know Nigel, to kind of lower our cost, and kind of make our decrementals kind of manageable. But the other thing we did was we actually put capital into the PP&E in that business, to try to increase some of the automation and be able to be more productive when that volume comes back.  So, we're eager to see some of those green shoots start to come through. But we didn't yet, in the fourth quarter. 
Nigel Coe: Okay, and finally, you referenced the mix pressures that you experienced through 2015 and 2016. Can you give us just some color in terms of how much margin pressure you absorbed within your Harsh and Hazardous business. 
Dave Nord: Yes, I'd say the decrementals that we experienced throughout 2016 in Harsh and Hazardous were in the 30% range. So it's a pretty decent drag for us to have to overcome, so that's why we're quite interested in that -- returning to a growth business. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rich Kwas from Wells Fargo. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Rich Kwas: Bill or Dave, I should say, on the Lighting side, as a follow-up. So is this pricing pressure related to the fluorescent -- rolling out of the fluorescent stuff and then into the LED? Or how much of this is the legacy fluorescent versus just LED -- enhanced deflation on the LED side? 
Dave Nord: I think it's a combination of both, but certainly a big element of it is on the florescent shift to LED. A lot of unit price differences in that market. And I think that's what, when you look at the facilities that we're consolidating, that's where the demand profile for the product that we were making, has really dropped off to make it uneconomical to continue to operate the two factories the way we were operating. 
Rich Kwas: So it was cleaning out the fluorescent, and then. Go ahead. Sorry, Bill. 
Bill Sperry: Rich, yes. You can see we finished the year with LED adoption in our C&I businesses, up around 2/3 now of our volume. So, as Dave said, as that starts to flatten, maybe that eases some of that tension. 
Rich Kwas: Okay. And then during the quarter, did you, at the distributor level, whether it was for Lighting or other stock-and-flow type products, how would you characterize the demand over the course of the quarter? And what did you see in January versus December post-election? 
Dave Nord: I think we certainly saw a pickup in December post-election, really across our businesses. I think that's consistent with what we heard from distributors -- what we've seen in other market participants. And, I think some of that -- as I've said, we always have volatility in the fourth quarter, depending on where distributors might stand on their inventory levels, on their incentive levels.  But I think there was -- certainly in my conversations, there was more optimism, similar to ours, about investment that would be occurring beginning in 2017 at some point. And, I think, we haven't seen, at least in most of our businesses, any significant drop off in January, which is good. That hasn't always been the case. We've had a lot more, in the past, volatility between January and December.  But, I will also caution that, whenever I say that, then February ends up proving a different dynamic. And, from our standpoint, we're just hopeful that a lot of the rhetoric that's going on around trade and tax doesn't start to put more caution in the market, prematurely. And, I'm really hoping that we're not talking about sloppy and choppy in 2017. I'll accept that maybe we're talking about the growth coming a little bit later, but not the volatility that we saw last year. 
Bill Sperry: I think, Rich, the other thing your question's getting at a little bit, is, Dave described end markets of 2%, and our expectation of outperforming that slightly for the full year. We ended Q4 with flat organic markets, and so, I'm expecting Q1 to be a lower-than-average growth quarter for the year -- year over year. So just as you think about that -- so, that just reflects, too, on your January orders comment. 
Rich Kwas: Okay. And then, just a quick last one on, you've referenced the net-import position. I know you're still working on it, but is there any way to think about it in terms of magnitude, for you? 
Bill Sperry: I think a lot depends, Rich, on whether or not -- how the maquilas get counted, whether or not materials that cross the border -- how you count that. So, I think there's still too much variability there for us to give you good guidance on what will happen to us. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your next question comes from the line of Christopher Glynn from Oppenheimer. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Christopher Glynn: Just, want to try to reconcile some of the trends in Lighting in the forward comments. So, I think, flat lighting units in the quarter, compared to, I think, 5% or 6% in the third quarter. Yet you bumped up the non-resi outlook slightly for 2017. Seemingly contrary trends, but maybe some off-beat linearity is part of the answer? Could you help me understand? 
Dave Nord: I don't know if I would characterize it as off-beat linearity, but that's maybe a good term. One of the things that we're -- in fact, I'm spending some time with the NMEA folks to better understand some of their analysis.  But if you think about it, lighting has had such growth over the last -- the lighting industry overall has had such growth over the last three to four years, I sort of analogize it to what we saw in the utility transmission business, where you had tremendous growth, and then at some point, that levels off, admittedly, at high levels of absolute activity. And so, begin to wonder whether that isn't something that could influence the lighting dynamic, specifically.  But the flip side is, the non-res market hasn't -- has had modest growth for several years, sans the lighting side, so I think that's kind of mitigating it. So, we're looking at our non-residential, non-lighting construction business to being more stable, but the lighting piece still being a little bit volatile. And it could conceivably be slower growth than -- for this year, than we've experienced, and than you might expect. I don't know if that helps, but -- 
Christopher Glynn: Yes. And digging further into that context of 2017's lower than this year, would you characterize 4Q as probably even an air pocket within that? 
Dave Nord: It could be. It could be. I think there were indications of the some demand profiles being impacted by the uncertainty around the election. I've heard that in a number of different places. So, at least the early part of 4Q and December didn't really recover that, although it was certainly better. And, I think, January -- and, I think, you probably heard that from others, at least that's what we seem to hear from the market. So, we're hoping that, that phenomenon was an air pocket, and that we'll start to see a pickup.  We feel good about our positioning, particularly because some of the things we experienced in 2016 were a result of having to react to pricing. Some are the shift in our representations in the market, and some just a function of our own operations, while having -- as we're shifting the culture in our Lighting business to be more positive, moving some of our facilities to get our costs in line.  You know some of our -- you would hear in the market that some of our service levels were not at the standard. And so that's going to have an impact on our demand. We're getting a lot of that in line. And so, I think we have a level of optimism that we can outperform the market if all of that works. Okay? 
Christopher Glynn: Yes, thanks for that. And that was quite a number of footprint sites that you addressed during 2016, for certain. Sticking with that restructuring comment, the $0.25. Should we conceive of that, sort of level loaded for 2017? 
Bill Sperry: No, Chris. I think, while through 2016, we were sort of doing that $0.08 a quarter to get to $0.35, I think you're going to see much more front-end loading here, as we're sort of more organized to get projects implemented sooner.  And so of that $0.25, I'd be thinking about first quarter being in sort of the $0.11 range, plus or minus. So more front-end loaded than sort of and even go at it. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joshua Pokrzywinski from Buckingham Research. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Joshua Pokrzywinski: On the Harsh and Hazardous -- I guess, I understand the caution, particularly coming off the last couple years to maybe call a trough, and see that inflect. But how should we think about the normal lag between rig count, and when you start to see those orders definitively get more impacted? Or is there another metric we should keep an eye on? 
Bill Sperry: No, Josh, I think rig count is still a pretty good metric. You know the challenge is going to be that they're going to have to go through one sort of MRO cycle before we start to see that pickup. But we do know, that the U-shape of rig count during the year, ending December at higher than the average, is certainly a good sign.  We also tend to get -- the project side, you tend to get a little bit of visibility here. It's not as just, quick cycle book-and-bill, as some of the rest of our businesses. So, I think will be able to see it coming. And so that's why you see some of the caution in our guide, I think. 
Joshua Pokrzywinski: Is that something that should be starting to hit you by mid-year? Or is that more of a, through second-half element? 
Bill Sperry: Yes. I think it's too hard for me to predict it that way. If you compare it back to our most recent cycle back in 2009, you know, the oil prices came back so quickly, that you saw new rigs coming on. And so, our volume came back in a V, in line with that. So I'm kind of deviating from that prior cycle here, Josh, and sort of just needing to see that count start to be put to work, as opposed to a lot of new stuff. I think, that's why you're seeing us at that 0% to 2%. 
Joshua Pokrzywinski: And if I could just follow up on some of the restructuring commentary. I guess, if we snap the line here today, Bill, how do we think about the $0.25 of spend reading out into savings? Not that we're here to get 2018 guidance, but how should I think about carryover savings for that $0.25, and the pace of how that comes through from 2017? 
Bill Sperry: Yes. So, I think we've been -- as you add up sort of, our 2 1/4 year program, we're sort of in the 2-year payback mode, being about $0.45 on $0.93. As we taper to $0.25 next year, I think that goes to 2018, probably down to $0.15 to $0.20. And then, I think the way we're looking at it, that $0.15 to $0.20 is a perpetuity, right?  And because of our inquisitive nature, we think we're going to have facilities to consolidate -- independent of economic cycles, even. And so, we're kind of eager to get back to reported results. We think the adjustments help you all understand year-over-year comparisons, but I am eager to get that kind of constant $0.15 to $0.20 in the background and just being steady. But that two-year payback, you know, continues to look like a pretty good gauge for the savings on our spending for now. 
Joshua Pokrzywinski: So we should think about, just again, snapping the line here today, assuming nothing else, kind of another $0.20 of carry-over savings, net savings, reduced spend higher savings into 2018? 
Bill Sperry: Yes, you'd be more like $0.12 on the $0.25, you know. Right? But-- 
Joshua Pokrzywinski: Well, no. Because you also have $0.25 going to $0.15 to $0.20 going of spend. 
Bill Sperry: Yes. You're saying -- okay. I thought you're doing savings on the spending, but you're saying the impact on reported, yes. 
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I now turn the call back to our presenters. 
Maria Lee: Okay. Thanks everyone for joining us. Steve and I will be available all day for calls. 
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-10-25 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Maria Lee - IR David Nord - CEO Bill Sperry - CFO
Analysts: Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley Rich Kwas - Wells Fargo Christopher Glynn - Oppenheimer Jeffrey Sprague - Vertical Research Partners Steve Tusa - JPMorgan Joshua Pokrzywinski - Buckingham Research
Operator: Good morning. My name is Berjon I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Third Quarter 2016 Results Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Maria Lee, Treasurer and Vice President of Investor Relations. You may begin your conference. 
Maria Lee: Thanks, Berjon. Good morning, and thanks for joining us. Im joined today by our President and CEO, Dave Nord and our CFO, Bill Sperry. Hubbell announced its third quarter results for 2016 this morning. The press release and earnings slide materials have been posted to the Investors section of our website at www.hubbell.com. Please note that our comments this morning may include statements related to the expected future results of our company and our forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Therefore, please note the discussion of forward-looking statements in our press release and consider it incorporated by reference into this call. In addition, comments may also include non-GAAP financial measures. Those measures are reconciled to the comparable GAAP measures and are included in the press release and the earnings slide materials. Now, Ill turn the call over to Dave.
David Nord: Thanks, Maria. Good morning, everybody. Thanks for joining us. I hope you saw our press release this morning. From my stand point and I think the teams perspective we had another quarter of solid results, and thats certainly with minimal help from our end markets.  I am on Page 3 of our slide deck. Sales were $907 million which were up 3% driven by acquisition which were up 4%, organic was flat and a little bit of continued currency headwind. We continue to execute on our long-term strategic objectives that we talked about for the last several years, certainly in our investors meetings. Around our customers, growth, discipline and talent, and I will come back for those in a minute. But talking about third quarter, we also saw the benefits in the third quarter, of the share repurchases that we completed in the first half of this year. We bought most of the $250 million of shares we communicated last year at the time we announce the re-class transaction, most of that occurred in the first half and in the first quarter of this year. As a result of all this, reporting EPS of 163, up 7% year-over-year on an adjusted basis. And importantly, Im most pleased with the fact that we got to on a reported basis operating margin at 15%, thats certainly from our prospective a minimum base line for us to be working of off and improving of off, and I think its reflective of the results of some of the restructuring actions that were taking, as well as some of the other productivity activity. And thats a benchmark that were going to continue to work to improve on. In addition, we saw just last week, we announced 11% increase in our quarterly dividend as $0.70 share per quarter. This is the ninth consecutive year of increases and it certainly represents a testament to our strong cash generation and our commitment to shareholder returns. Now if I turn to the markets, and Ill let Bill get into a little more detail on them, but they certainly remain challenging. Ive said before that theyre choppy and sloppy and I think there has been some question about what do I mean by that. And I think to clarify, the choppy part is what we see in our order patterns, very unpredictable, difficult to discern a trend. The sloppy part is when were trying to figure out based on external data, external forecast and the volatility that exists there and really some of the inconsistency that comes out of that and we see that. These economic indicators continue to be pretty unclear and pretty volatile. Particularly non-residential construction in the industrial markets.  As you seen ABA down -- ABI down below 50 for the second month and the non-res data splits and then that comes out with some more robust outlooks for the future and non-risk permits, snap backs. So from month-to-month its very difficult to discern a really reliable trend, we hope that the most recent non-res data and the uptick and permits is an indication of continued and improving strength in non-res, but that remains to be same. And the U.S. industrial production, still stays steady for us. But with signs of a little bit of weakness as we exit the year. Our business reflected this uncertainty as well. Non-res, our lighting business grew less than expected, with more significant pricing pressure than we anticipated. And we see some of the choppiness in our industrial facing business too. Whether its on our C&I business particularly in the industrial wiring, as well as in the data com business a little more weakness in the most recent quarter. Despite the markets our operating performance was solid and consistent with our strategic objectives. We think about serving our customers in the quarter, our commercial industrial group launched its first of a kind, first in the market, new Type-C receptacle charger. Its a smaller quicker and more flexible the powerful charger for the new phones, tablets and computers. And that group also continued to enhance our ecommerce tools. Theyve seen usage in their customer portal by our channel partners increase over 50% in the last several months. [Indiscernible] Lighting, one of the industry magazines, consulting specifying engineer magazine selected the Orbeon Beacon as the product of the year. Now that's quite an accomplishment because it really a reader polled -- 400,000 subscribers polled and voting that to be the product of the year. So lot of good work with our customers. Growing the enterprise, I think its clear doing a lot on acquisitions, we mentioned earlier in July the acquisition of Polymer Insulator Company in serving the Chinese market. And we also saw in the quarter the market reached activity to our recent acquisitions in the construction and energy business both WILEY and GASBREAKER. We had a session in Milwaukee in August at the Midwest Energy Association Gas Summit, lot of excitement there. They got a chance to see our team showcase our capabilities at a nearby facility that came with the Lyall business. Some large diameter steel fabrication capabilities was especially well received. And from a market perspective the outlook for excess flow valves, which is a business that we acquired last year, is also very strong, driven by safety and reached the regulation. When we talked about our operating with disciplined strategic objective in our power business, the distribution centers that supports all of the power business in Missouri installed unmanned lift trucks adding great additional capacity and efficiency. And of course our ongoing restructuring and related cost actions continue to deliver results and we continue to identify more and more activities that we are going to continue to invest in for ongoing cost benefits and efficiencies going forward. And our final strategic objective surround our developing talent and that's an ongoing activity I think it can best be exemplified from my perspective and we've talked over the last year and a half, the development of a new senior team and new assignments and its really exciting to see that team gel, start to round the turn to finish out their first full year in the chair and how they've been navigating choppy markets to deliver the results that they've committed to, as well as setting up for the results that you and I all expect us to be delivering next year and into the future. So all very positive. So with that background let me turn it over to Bill, and he can give you a little more details into the performance of the quarter.
Bill Sperry: Thanks, Dave, good morning everybody. Thanks for taking the time to join us here today. Im going to use the slides that we've distributed, I'm starting on Page 4, were talking about sales and end markets. So with $907 million of sales in the quarter you see a 3% increase with as Dave mentioned really no help from our end market. So that continues a composite picture of no to low growth that we've experienced during 2016 and the trends are generally consistent where we see the bright spots of growth in non-residential and residential construction as well as some of the renovation spending that's going on in those two end markets, but we've softness on the industrial side including our loyal [ph] Harsh and Hazardous business. I think of note in Electrical utility side, we have been experiencing some growth in transmission, where distribution had been quite flat and I think the warmer summer that drove some of our utility customers, OpEx and we got a little bit of better MRO spending there and [indiscernible] transmission projects are getting pushed out and delayed a little bit, but retaining kind of a flattish utility market. So, sales for us as David mentioned, organic flat, all essentially driven via acquisition. On Page 5, operating income wise, 142 million essentially flat in dollars to last year, but down 70 basis points to 15.6%, and I'm going to be referring to adjust it here to make the periods more comparable and taking out the restructuring and related spending. To get that 70 basis points down, you can see that that's all embedded in the gross margin. The gross margin is essentially where we feel the unfavorable headwind from mix which more specifically is the decline in margin rich volume in our Industrial, and Harsh and Hazardous areas and the replacement of that volume with lower margin commercial business. Now we also had price and material cost headwinds that hit the gross margin line, price being most acutely felt in our Lighting business, we'll talk about that more when we get to the Electrical segment. But we also had cost headwinds on the material side for the first time this year as steel prices inflicted upwards. And we were able -- with those gross margin declines, able to be much more efficient on the SG&A line. We can see down 90 basis points as a percentage of sales largely through some good cost control efforts and despite acquisitions adding about $3 million of costs there. So, on Page 6, you'll see earnings per share picture. $1.63 of adjusted EPS, a $0.10 improvement over last year, or 7% increase on basically flat operations. And so the lift came from a lower tax rate as we basically had R&D in the quarter versus last year that was realized until Q4, and we had some favorable discreet return to provision credits there, as well as Dave mentioned the lower share count resulting from the $250 million share repurchased that we executed. So, those factors kind of below the operating line and really driving the $0.10 improvement. We'll switch now to talking about the segments. And we'll start with the Electrical segment in 3Q. And just see familiar refrain here. The 3% growth to 635 million, all essentially being driven by acquisition, there's two contributing acquisitions there. Dave made referenced to both GASBREAKER and Lyall that were investments in component makers that serve to the maintenance and repair of the gas distribution network, it's proving to be a very attractive vertical. As Dave mentioned customer action has been positive and certainly the safety concerns around the quality of infrastructure we believe is going to lead to a lot of spending in need for MRO parts there and that's really helping provide that 4% of growth you see from acquisitions. The trends in the market is similar to what we've been talking about all year non-res and res growth, where Oil and core Industrial weakness, just to call out some notables from a business unit perspective. Harsh and Hazardous business which weve been tracking separately for you all here was down mid-teens in the third quarter and is staring to bottom out which is quite positive news for us and I think secondly the Lighting areas is worthy of note, where the res side of lightning grew double digits on a unit volume basis and our total lighting platform grew about 6% on an unit basis, but we experienced 3 points of price erosion there as were seeing quite a bit of price competition in the lighting space.  Our performance you can see 13.6% of operating profit margin down 80 basis points to last year which is really despite a 1.5 point lift coming from restructuring and productivity, but that mix thats resulting from the loss Harsh and Hazardous and Industrial volume combined with FX and the price cost relationship, especially the pricing within lighting is helping to push those margins down on a year-over-year basis. Page eight, we have our Power segment performance. You see sales at $273 million up 5% over the last year for the quarter and again acquisitions driving all five points. Again we saw some distribution spending, but delays on the transmission side. The two acquisitions within the power segment that are contributing to those five points, one is called the Electric Motion Company, which makes connectors and the hardware for the communications and power utility customers so kind of an interesting, continue to be able to serve a broader than just our electric utility customers it will serve the telecom utility customer with some pull line hardware and connectors there. The other was Longbow as Dave mentioned high voltage polymer insulator manufacturer that's in Asia and helping us serve customers in China and across the Asia and a good expansion geographically of the great Hubbell power systems brand. On the performance side you can see a decline of about 30 basis points to 20.5% OP margin and here you've got with all of that growth coming from acquisition and the first year of ownership theyre not at segment standard margins yet, and so you see a drag coming from those acquisitions. Im going to switch now to the year-to-date nine months results. You can see sales of $2.65 billion, for the nine months, an increase of 4%, comprising organic of up 1 and really the balance from acquisitions. You see operating profit margins down 70%, really the same drivers weve been talking about a year, namely the mix and the FX drag, and earnings per share $4.31 adjusted, a growth of 10% or 2%, that delta coming -- being earned in the third quarter. And you see a strong pick up in cash flow. Just worth a mention here, because Im talking about adjusted, just to update everyone on the restructuring program. Thus far this year now weve spent about $0.23 on restructuring and renovating related and the bulk of that this year has gone to footprint realignment and consolidation. Lighting areas has been the largest group spender there and the savings $0.30 for the year, were tracking nicely to be able to realize that. So our restructuring plans are on track and we feel good about the success of taking the fixed cost out of business and improving and making our cost structure much more competitive. [Indiscernible] is year-to-date performance of Electrical segment, get result really consistent with the trends weve been talking about all year. 3% sales growth, all coming from acquisition as FX offsets organic, the weakness in Oil from Harsh and Hazardous and our core industrial markets, of same trends weve been talking about versus the growth in non-res and resi. Of note for the year here weve got lightning sales, in units up high single digits for the year with resi out growing C&I and experiencing about 2 points of price segment for the year to date period. Youll see from the operating income down little a bit more than a point, again driven by the mix in FX and those price cost effects. On the Power side for nine months year-to-date, 4% growth up to 792 million. Youll see there was some organic contribution to that from the first half of the year, but the acquisition is importantly adding 3 points, the OP margin at 20% being maintained as some of the drag from the acquisitions being picked up by favorability from the material cost and price and all that productivity efforts there and the higher volume driving some of the incrementals there. So very strong year-to-date performance by our Power segment. Cash flow on Page 12 also very strong year-to-date. Youll see 215 million of free cash flow, significant increase to last year being driven by larger income, and notably better working capital management within that inventories being the highlight of that story, improving our days there. And you see CapEx add at a little bit below last years level and other in the previous year we had a pension funding that we dont have in 2016. So strong cash flow, which helps us, supports a strong balance sheet which is on Page 13 and youll see that weve paid off since yearend of the short term borrowing, the overnight [ph] borrowings and commercial paper added a little bit to the cash balances and maintaining debt-to-cap ratios at 22% on a net debt basis and you'll see 750 million revolver still all available. So, we believe that a healthy balance sheet and one that's capable of supporting investment in the business as we move forward. So, with that I'm going to hand it back to Dave to go to our outlook from here.
David Nord: Alright, thanks, Bill. And as you can see a lot of really good stuff going on, a lot of good results, particularly strong results when you think about cash flow. When you think about the top line and for many of our businesses, our restructuring, our cost reduction actions, all very good; but not without a few pockets of challenge, certainly choppy markets and in particular the pricing environment in Lighting is one of our bigger challenges that we got to navigate through. So, I'll talk about the rest of the year, first on Page 14, when we look at our outlook for the markets overall consistent with what we've been saying. Little bit sluggish as I talked about particularly in Industrial end markets, little non-res and some of the transmission project delays, but all-in-all still expected to end the year about flat. But we still expect to outperform this flat end markets, certainly with acquisitions contributing about 3 points to year-over-year growth. On the earnings per share perspective, you'll see we're tightening our range to 5.25 to 5.35, narrowing it to $0.10 from a $0.20 range. So, we're still maintaining the same midpoint, obviously with a lower tax rate, but also with some cost and mix headwinds that we expect to see in the fourth quarter. Certainly, some of the mixed headwinds in addition to weaker Industrial if that occurs. There's an element of the growth coming in product areas that have a little bit lower initial contribution on the operating margin side. And then you have the regular and recurring volatility around some of the costs in the fourth quarter. You've a lot of cost that gets trued up in the fourth quarter and some years those true ups to get them right for the year are positive, some are negative. We think this year it has a little bit more of a negative bias. Not with a recurring implication, but more of a timing between the first three quarters and the last quarter. We're still targeting about $0.35 of restructuring related costs with $0.30 of incremental savings from our prior restructuring actions. As, said earlier we continue to work on and identify more restructuring actions. We expect to take more next year and to the extent that we can pull some of those into this year and do so effectively knowing that they provide, the sooner we start them the sooner we start to realize the benefits. We would certainly do that, but I think $0.35 is still a good estimate at this point. And we certainly expect free cash flow will be better than 90% of net income. You saw it through the first nine months much stronger cash flow generation then the previous year. Fourth quarter has always been a strong quarter for us. So, we expect to continue to have good strong cash flow in the fourth quarter and certainly it will be better than 90% of net income. If I turn to Page 16, just a few comments on an early look at 2017 end markets. Overall we're expecting modest growth from end markets across the board in the aggregate about 1% to 2%. Now it's still early as I said earlier that the volatility and sloppiness of the third party outlooks are really challenging. On the one hand I was just with customers last week and the view on this year's performance was, its okay. And thats kind of like consensus view, it could be better, but were happy its not worst, it's just okay. Well how do you feel about next year, well we think next year could be better. We always think it could be better and we certainly believe it could be better and were hoping that's the case I think once we get through the selection cycle and get that uncertainly out of the way, may be well have a little more clarity around it. But well have more to talk about that certainly in January, but the big drivers for us next year would be the stabilization and at least slight improvement on both the industrial and oil and gas markets even at a modest 0% to 2% would be a nice improvement from this year's declines, and that would offset the what would be currently we see the non-residential markets being a little bit weaker than we initially forecast this year and I think that trend has suddenly deteriorated as the year went on, but its still positive. So the good news is all markets positive in the aggregate of plus 1 to 2. Turning to the profitability side of the outlook, Im certainly not going to get into any specifics here, but some of the things that were looking at and how were seeing the year shape up. On the positive side we've got tailwinds that we expect to come from volume growth, the ongoing benefits from our restructuring and related actions and to some extent the lower -- what were currently anticipating to be lower restructuring and related actions from the levels we've seen last year and the current year. On the other side of the equation you've got the headwinds from price pressure and that's true with all of the businesses, certainly most acutely in the lighting business. I think we've got some material cost headwind that we are assessing particularly as we've seen that increase in steel. And then pension expanse depending on where discount rates end up, weve got that headwind to overcome. And then some of the other considerations certainly around mix, certainly a severe headwind from 15 and 16 in the Oil and Industrial markets flattened out. So that's a good news. But on the other side as we look into new markets, and new customers, new channels, new products some of that comes with initially slightly lower margins and so we've got to evaluate that. And then of course on top of all of that is the potential for our ongoing acquisitions strategy, which we expect to continue to deploy particularly with good strong cash generations and our ongoing restructuring actions. So I think all of that is setting up for an improved 2017 over 2016. With that let me wrap up and open it to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Nigel Coe from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Nigel Coe: So I just kind of pick up where you left off there. So what are you -- Im not sure if you actually said down margins next year, but when you put all that together, volume growth, price materials, pension and then mix, how does that look overall? Do you think flat margins? Maybe slightly up or slightly down? What biased you have there?
David Nord: Its really to be definitive but certainly our bias is to -- as I said earlier to build off our margin performance this year and improve on that. So thats really what were looking to do and all of our efforts are in that regards.
Nigel Coe: Okay, and then the 1%-2% within oil and gas and Im not expecting [ph] to put you down here, just trying to understand how you think about that next year. Free accounts mathematically are up 15% to 20%-25%. Why -- maybe its a significant setback here, free accounts are up in that kind of magnitude. What do you expect your growth rates to be better than 1% or 2% in oil and gas?
David Nord: I think the big part of that Nigel is gas, but Ill let Bill cover that.
Bill Sperry: Let say, Nigel when we regress our revenues, certainly rig count is an important driver of predicting that, and so I think it could be better. The gas sides are right now what comprises our outlook, is a slightly more optimistic gas view where we think a lot of regulatory induced MRO spending will be actually creating a little bit a lift, and right now we have a reasonably flat outlook for oil. So we kind going a little bit on the momentum and sequentially our Harsh and Hazardous business and thats really kind a flattening out. So this outlook kind of assumes that that flattening continues and that gas provides us a little lift. So something better than that would certainly be welcoming and would be additive to that outlook.
Nigel Coe: And one more, you mentioned some yearend accruals for this year, which is fairly normal. How does comp look next year, some kind of snag in there of headwinds, just get in the way thats, earnings have been moving, share price has been moving. How does that look for Hubbell in 2017 versus 2016?
David Nord: That we dont see any -- at this point any big headwinds on comp specifically. Other than excluding pension. And if you take pension out of it, some on other benefits like medical, but not on the pure comp at least at this point Nigel.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rich Kwas from Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Rich Kwas : So Dave on the non-res outlook for the next year, that 1 to 3, the light -- the largest lightning fixture company in the U.S. was out a couple of weeks talking about mid to high single digit growth for North America lighting for their fiscal 17. And I know lightings not certainly all your non-res business, but its a good chuck of it. How do we think of the components about, which unpinning your 1 to 3, is that just kind of seeing the choppiness in the market and taking a more conservative view or how would you put additional color around that?
David Nord: I love talking about the specific, but obviously you know that there is and always has been, as they recently, a conservative bias in our outlook, particularly on non-res and I think over the last two to three years thats probably turned out to be closer to right than the initial forecast. But as I said in some of the most recent forecasts are more optimistic and I certainly hope they're right, but they're based on -- it seems to me they're based on some recent data. But we're analyzing that and I hope that we can be proven wrong for a change and be able to adjust this up with some better data over the course of the next several months. But Bill, maybe give some of the components.
Bill Sperry: Yes, I think Rich your definition of Lighting being a big chunk is quite accurate. I think to be really simplistic, if you can cut our non-res, it's kind of half Lighting and half Wiring Systems and not too dissimilar from what you're saying. I think we're expecting our Lighting growth to be a little bit stronger then on the Electrical Component side.
Rich Kwas: And then on, question [ph] as if Bill does that -- are you still expecting to exit the year down high single digits during the fourth quarter, any change to that?
Bill Sperry: No, I think everything is tracking right to that actually and so that's compared to last year, but reasonably flat sequentially quarter-over-quarter.
Rich Kwas: So, no change?
Bill Sperry: One thing that's become interesting is that the business has shrunk the projects can create some lumpiness that moves things around a little bit versus that used to be a little bit more kind of small projects out there, little bit easier to predict, but that's certainly is our expectation, exactly how you described it.
Rich Kwas: And then on, just a quick governance question with customer dip being below 5% here in terms of ownership, any implications for the shareholder Rights plan that's in place now?
David Nord: I don't know of any.
Bill Sperry: No, that set to expire in December I think as you know.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Christopher Glynn from Oppenheimer. Your line is open.
Christopher Glynn: Dave got to get up pretty early in the morning to call you on, but on organic for Electrical that's softened a bit despite an easier comp. I'm wondering if you could call any end markets that sort of inflected to the weaker.
David Nord: I think Chris we had a little bit on the Light side of Industrial which was a little bit softer and then I think the pricing of Lighting is the other thing you'll find creating that.
Christopher Glynn: And do think the Light Industrial was more channel inventory action or?
Bill Sperry: Yes, it could be that and it's not as Dave was pointing out not something we're anticipating carrying on through '17. So, we think shorter term.
Christopher Glynn: And then on the minus three price for Lighting, how do you kind of parse that in terms of the LED cost per versus I don't know what to call it, like-for-like or market price?
Bill Sperry: I think first of all it was spread between our resi and C&I product lines, so kind of across the whole suite of products there. And I think it's from our perspective anyway more of a like-to-like kind of phenomena Chris.
David Nord: But remember Chris, just that -- on that like-for-like some of that is attributable to product that weve said earlier in the year and even late last year was our product that we identified was way out of line with the market, it was not competitive, which is what prompted us to take some more aggressive actions in some of the facilities that were providing those products, because our pricing was based on those cost and we need to be much more aggressive in taking those cost out. So it was really reacting to what was already in place in the market and certainly not driving and creating the market.
Christopher Glynn: Okay, so that you might have the favorable anniversary impact by the second half next year?
David Nord: Yes, on that yes.
Christopher Glynn: Okay, and then it there was some color on the tax rate I missed it but that helps out in the quarter and I'm wondering if there is any sustainable work you've done on the tax rate that we should think about from modeling that line?
Bill Sperry: Yes, I think the bulk of the differences, especially if you go back to reported, we had some of the expenses that were going into our reclassification were not tax deductible last year so that kind of created an easy compare. Some return to provision items which are not of the nature you are describing, there is a little bit I would say Chris, of more activity economically in geographies that have some better tax rate, so a little bit of that I think can be save. But the bulk of the change that you've seen is a little bit more discreet I would say.
Christopher Glynn: So, what's did would you characterize or normalize tax rate going forward?
Bill Sperry: I think were thinking in the 32% range is a decent operating run rate for us.
Christopher Glynn: Okay, and with some inflation that you are talking about is that greasing the wheels to expect to get a little price anywhere?
Bill Sperry: Yes, I think that one of the challenges is the material inflation that we are seeing is a little bit isolated within the steel commodity. If you look across at our copper and aluminum and a bunch of the other metals that we buy we're not seeing that headwind and so I'd frankly like to see a little bit more broad inflation that would kind of be a better signs of support growth in industrial markets and et cetera. But I think the more isolated that commodity phase in steel, the harder it is to pull price. But there are some products that we have that are most to obviously steel and think of some of the steel boxes that we do in our rough and electrical and Chris there it is a little bit more obvious that it is a steel product and you can ask for some price. So I would rather see a little bit more broad, but base inflation before I think we can start to ask broadly for price.
Christopher Glynn: Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeffrey Sprague from Vertical Research Partners. Your line is open.
Jeffrey Sprague : Just a couple of more on -- just thinking about Harsh and Hazardous and kind of the negative effects weve divested here for almost the better part of three years now. How much have the margins in that business actually come down right, so you've had obviously very good negative mix effect, but just thinking about some decremental from that business, may you dont want to give us some margin rate, but peak the trough whats happening to the mortgage there?
David Nord: No I would say, Jeff that the decrementals weve experienced over the last six quarters has been in the 35% range, which given that the margins where attractive have still brought them down, that being said. The margins are still attractive part of our portfolio, so it hasnt dragged it below that. So the decrementals have been kind of what you would have expected I would say, rather than worse than you could have imagine Jeff.
Jeffrey Sprague : Okay and then on price, I appreciate the Lighting color, just total [indiscernible], what the price do when it sounds like price cost neutralized in the Power. Does that mean you actually have positive pricing power in the quarter?
Maria Lee: So pricing in Power was -- it was sort of a neutral, very slightly positive, but I see neutral. And across all of Hubbell because of the -- particularly because of the lighting price, it was negative, $0.5, actually a little bit more than that.
Jeffrey Sprague : And then on just on the pension Bill, do you know where rates are toady if you just snap the line, do you have a view of, what kind of headwind youre looking at in 2017?
Maria Lee: Yes so if we look at discount rates and our sensitivity to that, if we were to snap the line, the discount rates are roughly about a 100 basis points lower and for a 100 basis points change, that would impact our pension expense about 10 million or some. So thats a piece of the sensitivity. Means there is also some sensitivity related to asset returns thats a little early to say. But I think looking at that discount rate, there certainly would be some headwind from that.
Jeffrey Sprague : And Im sure youre probably still thinking about incremental restructuring for 2017, but do you have a view of what the carry over benefits of what youre doing in 16 are or 17?
David Nord: I think as weve analyzed the $0.35 [ph] that we anticipate spending this year, the returns on that feel like theyre in the two to three year kind of range, and so we probably still have some benefit that carries over even from some of the 15 actions and so were anticipating in our January call giving you a nice way to think about, all -- how that will stake up incrementally in 2017. But those projects this year are kind of in that two to three year return range.
Jeffrey Sprague : And then finally on just on Lighting to the point about, kind of the bulk margin price or cost based price and that was out of line with the market. Do you think your pricing is now on market, it doesnt mean price competition necessariourly goes away, but are you at a level where you feel your stabilized market share is competitive?
David Nord: I think we have Jeff. I think our issue from my prospective in being or volume being a little bit lighter from what we expected and what might be in the market is really as we work through the service issues that come with some of the restructuring actions and closing facilities, which were more of an impact early in the year and we've started to work through those and I think we've got some -- when I'm out with customers and some of our newly signed agents, I hear both the negatives and the positives and I think the trend is all positive and very optimistic. So I think that -- that seems to be indicative to me that our pricing is right and we just got to make sure that we get the product where it needs to be, when it needs to be.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Tusa from JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Steve Tusa: So, you guys have -- seem to have a pretty good read in the cross section of the economy and projects and things like that and then little bit of construction, and I know, Dave you talked about kind of sloppy and choppy or whatever you said at EPG, things have been inconsistent. How closer we -- how close do you think your customers are to -- what would it take for your customers to really pull back? And are any of them talking about, with all the discourse that's going on out there in the U.S. with the politics, are any of them saying, hey I'm just going to wait until -- are they even talking about the stimulus that everybody on Wall Street is talking about from a buildings perspective or is it just still a very cautious, nobody really wants to kind of put anything out there from risk perspective, given the environment. I don't know if it's kind of a confusing way to ask the question, but I'm just trying to balance -- figure out what the balance is between what looks like continued caution with a risk of downside versus, hey I'm just going to wait because maybe the government is going to throw some money at us in a year or so?
David Nord: Well, I mean I'm not sure what discourse you're talking about Steve. But, I think you actually summed up the environment quite well, which is a bit of what we're hearing and what we're thinking is -- there should be potential upside, but everyone is still cautious because they're not sure where things are going to go and how it's going to play out. I think there is a number of legs that have to play out here. One is getting through the election. I think theres a lot of things that are -- projects on hold to see what the outcome is going to be. So, we get that uncertainty out of the way. Then we at least know which candidate is in place then have an idea of what the direction it's going to take. But I think it's going to be the longer term implications of what that direction is. But there certainly is a -- some discussion about the benefits that could come with investments particularly with infrastructure plans. But I think it's tempered by the funding and who's going to be paying for that and how that's going to be paid for. That is on the other side of the equation, at least for a lot of the channel partners who are very sensitive to those things. So, I think there is some cautious optimism that is out there and that maybe leading to some of the outlooks. But I think there's also a practical realism about how that will play out, when that could play out and what are the implications. So, my answer is probably as convoluted as your question. But I don't know if that helps.
Steve Tusa: No, no that definitely helps. Anything on the T&B [ph] front that's moving around that all or is that just kind of stable?
David Nord: You are saying electric utility?
Steve Tusa: Yes.
David Nord: Yes, I think Id describe it as stable in totality, we did see a little bit of transmission strength in the first half of the year that tapered off in the third quarter, but we also saw some distribution flatness in the first half that started to grow. So those two seem to be providing sort of this low growth organic out of utility right now, Steve.
Steve Tusa: And then one last question for you. I guess about the puts and takes here in the end market balance you've given us. Is 2017 an earnings growth year, can you grow earnings with those dynamics?
David Nord: I think so. I mean were certainly working towards that and it's a question of whether the headwind can over take us, but the team is working very hard to get ahead of that, weve got a bit of a head start I think with the actions that we've been taking over the last couple of years and that's a mindset that's really gotten into practice. But those are the things that we can control. The uncertainty will be the things we can't control, market demand and pricing. And even pricing we're going to be as disciplined as we always are for as long as we can and we hope that the market continues to be a disciplined as well.
Steve Tusa: Okay, great. Thanks a lot for the color.
Operator: Your last question comes from the line of Joshua Pokrzywinski from Buckingham Research. Your line is open.
Joshua Pokrzywinski : Maybe a follow-up on some of the Harsh and Hazardous commentary, I think maybe not to put too fine a point on it, but with some of the macro data wanting to show I guess for lack of a better term, green shoe [ph]. Is there anything that your customers were saying apart from maybe some touting out or some notion of less bad, if Im reading some of the earlier comments right. Is there -- any of you guys are actually seeing in the business that would suggest that as rig count starts to pick-up in the next year that follows through into Harsh and Hazardous?
David Nord: As certainly Josh we have pretty extensive database of projects and RFPs and some of those things have multiyear lead times on them, and so I would say certainly our conversations with customers have encouragement that there is going to be spending going forward, but it's hard for us to say that there is going to be some kind of sharp improvement as early as 2017, but I do think the conversations, the kind of projects that are being contemplated overall suggests a healthy medium-term outlook for the business.
Joshua Pokrzywinski: Got you, and just on price cost and power and Bill I think you talked for several quarters now about anticipating, that's to normalize or on maybe some of those cost headwinds to start showing up. Clearly this has persisted longer than you thought, the upside. Is there a chance with steel inflation now that you never really have to eat that and that there is some opportunity to go back to the market with some subtle price next year. So kind of leaving the Lighting out of the equation, just on the power side alone how you are thinking about this transition on material prices?
Bill Sperry: Yes I certainly look at it in similar terms. Namely the longer we fight through it the better that it is and yet I think our business folks on the power side are still a little bit anxious about that dynamic. But I do agree with you that the longer we fight through, the better.
Operator: You have no further questions at this time. I turn the call back over to the presenters. 
Maria Lee: I think this concludes todays call. Thank for joining us, Steve and I will be available following the call for any other questions you have.
Operator: This concludes todays conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-07-26 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Maria Lee - Treasurer and Vice President, Corporate Strategy and Investor Relations David Nord - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer William Sperry - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley & Co. Inc. Rich Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC Christopher Glynn - Oppenheimer & Co. Jeffrey Sprague - Vertical Research Partners Steve Tusa - JPMorgan Mike Wood - Macquarie Research Joshua Pokrzywinski - Buckingham Research Group
Operator: Good morning. My name is Julie and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Second Quarter 2016 Results Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I would like to introduce Dave Nord, Chairman, President and CEO; Bill Sperry, Senior Vice President and CFO; and Maria Lee, Treasurer and Vice President of Investor Relations and Strategy. I would like to turn  now turn the call over to Maria Lee. You may begin.
Maria Lee: Thanks, Julie. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Im joined today by our President and CEO, Dave Nord; and our CFO, Bill Sperry. Hubbell announced its second quarter results for 2016 this morning. The press release and earnings slide materials have been posted to the Investors section of our website at www.hubbell.com. Please note that our comments this morning may include statements related to the expected future results of our company and our forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Therefore, please note the discussion of forward-looking statements in our press release and consider it incorporated by reference into this call. In addition, comments may also include non-GAAP financial measures. Those measures are reconciled to the comparable GAAP measures and are included in the press release and the earnings slide materials. Now, Ill turn the call over to Dave.
David Nord: Okay. Thanks, Maria. Good morning, everybody. Welcome to the call. Thanks for joining us. Ill just have a couple of few introductory remarks, and then  our typical pattern, Bill will take you through some of the details of our results. Were happy to report another quarter of solid results, despite whats certainly some mix markets that we continue to deal with. I think thats a testament to our strategy and action. See that were reporting sales of $909 million, which is up 4% similar to the first quarter driven by organic growth of 1%, offset by some foreign currency headwind, neutralizing that, and the rest have been driven by our acquisitions. Our acquisition agenda continues to contribute, both top and bottom line results. On the margin side, a little more of a challenge than we would like. We certainly are fighting our way through some of the continued mix implication, particularly on our oil and gas business and our industrial business, but continuing to also focus on our cost actions and streamlining the operation. Were really focused as we said, we cant control the markets, we can control what we do. And so were focused on execution of our investments as weve talked about in the past and our new products and growing our business and channels are integrating our acquisitions, particularly the ones earlier this year, our Lyall gas business and our EMC communications product business. And, of course, restructuring is an ongoing effort particular focus this year on our business processes, as well as our facilities. In the quarter, I guess, the other thing that we did in the quarter, we completed our share repurchase program that we announced last year in connection with our reclassification. I think our repurchases in the quarter were about $45 million, bringing the total to $250 million since that announcement. So the result of all of this was earnings per share of $1.53 adjusted for our restructuring related costs. Certainly, on the macroeconomic backdrop, its been challenging. I said back in May that it was choppy and sloppy, end-markets have been mixed for us. The good news is the non-residential and residential markets continue to grow. The oil and gas and core industrial are still down and the utility overall was flat. A lot of that perspective that we were seeing and what I characterized as choppy and sloppy, I think was confirmed for me in a number of my conversations with key customers and channel partners throughout the month they were all seeing a bearing degrees of that in different parts of their business, and in the short-term trying to figure out whether there was a trend, what that meant. But I think the good news is, were working our way through that. Weve navigated this quarter, and the challenges the uncertainty that it puts out and the difficulty in having very good visibility to the outlook. But we still feel pretty good and well talk about that later. And then some of the sloppiness I would characterize is around the inconsistency that Im sure youre dealing with in some of the economic indicators, and weve got manufacturing down in May and up in June. Weve got the Fed trying to announce that theyre going to raise rates and then pulling back on that because of the indicators. So its been a challenge, but were certainly working through that. In the face of all of that, were focused on what we can control, as I said, product innovation, lot of new products being introduced in our Construction and Energy business, a new clamp device box that eliminates short circuits and arc faults that can be caused by overtightening of metal clamps. Our Commercial and Industrial business just launched a Data Center eTour that gives customers, specifiers, distributors, visibility into the complete Hubbell offering when it comes to serving the data center market. In the lighting business, most recently you may have seen some announcements. They were recognized with winning six product innovation awards, more than any other lighting manufacturer. The awards for Best Renovation Project, using solid-state lighting, an education brand, as well as four products specific awards for a number of the brands. And our Power Systems business launched a Line Post Sensor product line that acts as both the line post insulator and a voltage at current monitoring sensor. The thing about this product and the product launch is that, it was a collaboration with two of the new businesses that we acquired over the last couple of years that brought capabilities to our Power Systems business to develop a product like that. On the growth side, weve got power investing in building its international sales force in the target markets, as well as continuing to bolster its engineering capabilities. In the Lighting and Commercial and Industrial businesses are investing in growing their business in key verticals, adjacent markets, and geographies. And then the acquisitions, as I said, the Construction and Energy business integrating with the gas distribution acquisition and realizing nice benefits and nice growth there. And on the power side, were doing the same with the acquisition of the communications product provider. And then most recently, just last week, the Power business made a small investment to support its China growth strategy by purchasing a polymer insulator company, provides access to the large Chinese utility market. And in the cost actions, weve invested $6 million in the restructuring, bringing our total year-to-date to $13 million, focused on both structural costs, but also some staffing actions. And were seeing the year-to-date savings that are certainly in line with our full-year expectations of an incremental $0.30. So I think despite the choppy markets, were pleased with how things are moving internally. Were going to navigate those choppy markets. And let me turn it over to Bill, and he will give you a little more detail on the quarter. Bill?
William Sperry: Thanks very much, Dave, and appreciate you all joining us today. Im going to use the slides that I hope youve all found to guide my comments here this morning. And Im going to start on page three of the summary of our second quarter. The sales of $909 million represented organic growth of 1% that was essentially offset by FX headwinds. And so, the net growth of 4% was really driven by our acquisitions, and a good testament to our business model helping us complement whatever organic growth is out there. The operating margin level, you see the strong level of 15.2%, but comparing unfavorably to last year, you see the drivers here of mix in FX quite significantly, as well as the fact that, we had some cost increases beyond our productivity and those headwinds creating some drag on OP margin. The diluted EPS of $1.45 and with the $0.08 of restructuring and adjusted $1.53. And most of my comments today will be using those adjusted numbers net of the restructuring. So we can create better year-over-year comparable comparisons for you all to use. On page four, we talk more about our end markets. And so you see the 4% sales growth there and the 1% driven by organic  a very good illustration of what Dave was describing as our mixed markets here. On the one hand, you have the contracting markets of industrial and oil. You have some flat markets like utility, and then we have some good growth markets in the residential and non-resi area. So quite a mixed bag across our portfolio netting to about 1% organic growth. On page five, we show our operating income here of $138 million, the 15.2% OP margin, the downward drive because of gross margin of down 80 basis points. You see the mix and FX headwinds there being most significant, as well as some of the cost increases offset by productivity. Essentially, we had material cost and price essentially offsetting. And so we had  while steel prices turned a little bit, we still had copper and some of our other large materials still being favorable for us in the quarter. And we still had the benefit, as Dave commented on the restructuring and related. At the S&A side, were up 20 basis points over last year, driven in part by some pension headwinds, but also investments, where weve been making in some of our key areas, which would notably be lighting in some of their channel development, power systems developing new products with new engineers, as well as investing in some international salespeople. Page six, we turn to diluted earnings per share of $1.53, down slightly from last year, starting with lower OP and adding to that higher interest expense, because you all remember in the first quarter, we took out a new bond deal to help finance both the share repurchase and some acquisitions, the interest expense creating a drag. The tax rate was effectively lower in the second quarter at about 30%, so about a point lower than prior year, which reflects the impact of the R&D package being included in this years second quarter. And then we also had the favorable impact of our share purchases to get us to that $1.53. So switch now on page seven, to talking about our segment performance. And we will start with our Electrical segment generated sales of $641 million, 4% increase similar to the company, low organic being offset by FX, and so essentially the growth being determined by acquisitions. In Electrical, both  there are two acquisitions contributing to that, both in the gas distribution area. So most recently, Lyall that David mentioned and as well we had our gas breaker contributing that we had closed on last year, but contributing incrementally to this quarter. So, again, good illustration of our business model, helping us drive profitable growth here. The margins at 12.9%, down versus last years 14.3%, based on the mix and FX headwinds that we have been talking about. Power, for the second quarter generated $267 million of net sales, up 3%, again, a similar story of low 1% organic growth, offset by the FX. So that 3% growth essentially being driven by acquisitions. On the OP line, you see the 20.9% OP margin slightly lower incrementals than were used to seeing from Power, while price cost productivity is in balance. But here youre seeing the conscious investments were making in there  engineering area and international sales, as well as the fact that all that growth coming from acquisitions, which as David mentioned, the EMC acquisition in the telecom utility product area, and in our second quarter of ownership, those margins are lower than they will be next year, so you see a drag from that. But theyve held on to that price, cost, productivity balance impressively through the second quarter here. So page nine, were going to switch to the year-to-date half-time results here. And youll see the sales of $1.7 billion, an increase of 4%, again, same story of organic being 2% and acquisitions being 3%, FX subtracting a point. Youll see adjusted OP margin of 14.2%, down 80 basis points continuing to fight that that mix headwind and FX that weve been discussing and generating essentially flat earnings per share at $2.69. The Electrical segment at the halfway point, also very similar trends to the second quarter. And what weve seen is that that low organic acquisitions providing most of the growth from the market side, youre seeing the weakness coming from the oil and core industrial areas and strength in non-res and resi demand. It may be worth a comment here on our progress of Harsh and Hazardous throughout the year. So that first quarter, we were down about 25%. Second quarter, Harsh and Hazardous was down mid-teens. So were anticipating for the second-half Harsh to be down in single-digit area to get us to that 15% to 20% range for the year. And as we look at, those are all compares to prior year obviously. When we look at Harsh and Hazardous sequentially, its really starting to flatten out now, which is quite a good sign. So were expecting as we end the year that that mix comparison will be lapped. Also worth some comments on lighting as a significant element of Electrical segment. So weve had for the year-to-date period, our lighting growth has been in the high single-digits. We believe thats consistent and in line with market growth. I dont think that our lighting business is at steady state yet. As weve shared with you, they are doing some significant restructuring in working on facilities, rationalization, in order to make that cost structure more competitive. Theyre facing some interesting challenges on the pricing side of the market, and that puts pressure on us to continue to restructure and make sure our costs are as competitive as they need to be. And so we continue to have a positive outlook for lighting. We think theres growth ahead of us with attractive margin expansion. So  and just commenting on performance of the Electrical segment as a whole, you see a 11.8% adjusted operating profit margin, same story of mix and FX headwinds affecting them. The Power segment on page 11, $520 million of sales, up 4%, 3% of that coming from acquisitions. I see that the telecom providing some growth for them, whereas distribution is flat. Were thinking that the hotter degree days being experienced through the summer here will help our utility customers on their operations side get the meters spending, hopefully flow some more distribution spending our way in the second-half. At the operating income line, you see 19.8% OP margins getting favorable price cost equation and able to pay for some of those investments that we described. On the cash flow on page 12, you see were starting with a comparable amount of net income, comparable investment in working capital. The real change in generating higher cash flow this year was pension contribution that we made last year, we didnt need to make this year, and you see CapEx just a little bit lower. So seasonally, our cash flow comes in much stronger in the second-half. So we feel cash flow performance here is on track to meet our targets on cash flow generation. Capital structure on page 13, yes, youll see that $339 million of cash, most of that is international cash, small amount of commercial paper outstanding. And you will see the new bond issue there that $400 million due 2026. Weve got a 3.35% coupon those, that financing obviously to support our acquisition activity in the first-half of the year, as well as our share repurchases. And we think leaves our balance sheet in a still strong position to support our growth, as we move forward. So with that, Im going to turn it back to Dave, so he can share his comments on outlook and where were going from here.
David Nord: Thanks, Bill. So as you saw in our release, not much has changed in our full-year outlook. Certainly, thats not reflective of all of the dynamics that are at work underneath that with some of the changing markets and the level of activity. But our strategy is to manage our portfolio and the balance portfolio with its ups and downs and some of that volatility continue to deliver on results that we have committed to. So were reaffirming our expectations for the full-year, despite that market uncertainty. Were still expecting as we have all year and as weve done so far this year to outperform the end markets, at least, as we see the end markets, and certainly we see them being flat overall for our business for the rest of the year. But we still see within that flat non-res and res growing, offset by the declining oil and core industrial markets. As Bill mentioned, the compares get easier, but even the oil and gas still has some negative implication through the second-half, but its starting to moderate much more significantly. As far as acquisitions, the ones that weve completed so far this year should contribute about 3% to our sales growth for the year. And I think that there is certainly more deals in the pipeline whether they get close this year is always subject to many of the variables that go into, particularly in some of the dynamics of the type businesses that we look at, particularly, the entrepreneurial businesses and the personal interest that the seller often has. But were still working on a number of fronts there. We have not taken our foot off the gas there. So we think all of that specifically is going to deliver earnings per share in the range of $5.20 to $5.40 per share, and that includes still estimate of $0.35 of restructuring related costs, as well as the $0.30 of incremental savings that I mentioned. Were on track for both of those. And as Bill just mentioned on cash flow, we expect while our cash flow was seasonally higher in the second-half, were still expecting cash flow to be in excess of 90% of net income with our focus on working capital. So with that, Ill just end with were  Im very excited about how the team, the organization has been evolving. The progress were making on our many initiatives that  and were taking on a lot as an organization, all with a view toward delivering long-term shareholder value. Its not always pretty in the short run. Its certainly not easy in the short run. But thats what were working on new products, streamlining costs, requiring great companies. We push ourselves to better position ourselves everyday to be better everyday going forward. So with that, let me open it up to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Nigel Coe. Your line is open.
Nigel Coe: Thanks. Good morning.
David Nord: Good morning, Nigel.
Nigel Coe: Hi, choppy and sloppy, I think that puts it very well. Maybe David, just comment on your price, cost, I think you referred to it sort of tangentially. But maybe just put final points on where were seeing  directionally, how is pricing trending, and how do you expect that to develop in the second-half of the year? And then obviously, steel inflation is picking up, seemingly you havent yet seen that. But so just, how do you expect price, cost to trend through the back-half of the year?
David Nord: Well, I think the first-half was probably a little better than we expected, certainly in most of our businesses other than Lighting. I think Lighting has been the most challenging. But weve been fortunate, I think, Gerben Bakker, when he was  at our Investor Day was talking about how the challenges he was anticipating to face this year on the pricing side. And he reminds me of that everyday, because he keeps telling me that day is coming, because he has been thankful that he has been able to hold price. Some of that is because with commodities holding up a little bit and certainly with steel starting to come back up. But thats likely to turn slightly negative in the second-half. But I think thats probably  that combined with the continued challenges in the lighting pricing environment, I think suggests to us that the second-half, price cost is going to be a little more challenging. I think were still working to try and keep to our  I think, we had a half-a-point guidance expected around pricing. And with the better than expected first-half of the year, I think, even if the second-half turns more negative, I think, thats kind of how were looking at the year balancing out. So
William Sperry: I also think, Nigel, weve seen places narrowly, whereas certain electrical products that have a lot of steel content, and weve made price increases in the face of that and seem to be supported by the market. So I think the transparency on the steel pricing helps where tactically youre trying to get price in the isolated areas that you can.
Nigel Coe: Okay. Thats encouraging. And just digging into Harsh and Hazardous, the headwind on margin has been primarily mix as opposed to -- and volume as opposed to price, I think Im right in saying that. And can you just mark-to-market on, given the oil and gas declines youve seen in that business, what is the mix right now between oil and gas and other, industrial, et cetera? And of the oil and gas portion, would you again remind us what proportion is sensitive to North American land activity?
David Nord: Yes. So our Harsh business is primarily oil-based, Nigel, right. So we have taken steps to try to diversify some of that explosion proof product into industrial applications. And I think, weve mentioned to you all before areas like distilling, and food processing, and chemical manufacturing in places, where sparks and electrical arcs would cause big problems. And so that explosion proof device has value. But those are still young kind of efforts, and I would still describe it as predominantly a business thats predominantly oil driven. I think then as we cut our oil exposure, wed say, were half domestic and half international. Were skewed strongly upstream versus downstream and were skewed strongly project versus MRO. So that domestic project business is where that exposure has been hurting us. But as I say, I think, the combination of some of that diversification, as well as maybe some, at least, for this recent period some stabilization in the oil prices has allowed us to see a sequential flattening of that business, which is even though showing still some negative compares year-over-year, quite encouraging for us, and trying to end the year with basically be in that  on a new base, which we can grow off of.
Nigel Coe: Another question. But is the mix still as high as, I think, it was close to 80% before we went into this decline, is it still up there?
William Sperry: Yes, I would say it is.
Nigel Coe: Okay, great. Thats very helpful. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rich Kwas from Wells Fargo Securities. Your line is open.
Rich Kwas: Hi, good morning.
David Nord: Good morning, Rich.
Rich Kwas: So on lighting in terms of the pricing, its typically been competitive all along. But whats changed here in the last 90 days in your view? And are you seeing competition picking up, or there is also some indications that the select markets  your group has been a little more competitive as well. So I just wanted to get some additional color there?
David Nord: Yes, I think the market has been more competitive. I think we certainly arent trying to  were not trying to drive the market down. I mean, I think you usually have to follow the leader. I think there are some dynamics that you may hear in the channel, where weve had  weve made price adjustments to historical price levels on certain products that were way out of line with the market, and that was what drove some of the more aggressive cost actions in some of our plants, because we were clearly not anywhere near a competitive price level, yes, despite the quality of the product. And so we really had to take some aggressive cost actions to allow us to get our pricing to be more in line with the market and that was coming from the market. And we saw that, it was certainly an obvious contributor to where some of our businesses were underperforming the market. So we had to adjust our prices accordingly, because we did a lot of benchmarking and a lot of analysis and demonstrated that was, in fact, true, it wasnt just a customer looking for a lower price. So that was  there were certainly pockets of that that you might hear about. But I think, in general, I think its just a  were trying to make sure that we can be responsive to what the market seems to be doing or Id say, in our position in some of the cases we have to be more of a follower than a leader, for sure.
Rich Kwas: And I may have missed this, Bill, did you give the split between commercial, industrial and residential growth for Lighting in the quarter?
William Sperry: Yes. So, Rich, for the quarter, we had  the resi business was down in the low single-digit range, which was a drop off from a strong performance in the first quarter. Theres some lumpiness on the resi side around some national account business. And our expectation is that to returns, I think, the second quarter was a little bit of anomaly on the resi side. And on the C&I side for the quarter, were in the mid single-digit range for the whole business. And so, again, a little bit down from the first quarter on  for lighting in the second quarter.
Rich Kwas: Is the same dynamics there in terms of national accounts, or is there anything more specific on C&I?
William Sperry: No, I dont think its  no, I dont think that one is driven that way. I think thats just the flow.
Rich Kwas: Okay. And then just last one for me in terms of the outlook for the balance of the year. So, resi and non-resi maintained a 3% to 5% growth. The put in place numbers for non-res, at least, through May indicated something north of that. So is that something you are seeing here in the back-half of the year around non-res, or is it just baking in some conservatism on, given the volatility in the marketplace around projects and what not?
David Nord: Yes, its  Rich, its really more of the latter. I mean, we see some of those same outlooks, but some of those same outlooks are the ones that are the basis for my reference to being sloppy, because they really moved around a lot. And I think the trend line seems to have been just slightly weaker than as it starts out, still positive, still good business. But were just cautious around betting on that optimism, if it happens, wed love it. Well be ready to participate. But I have lived enough through enough of this that were not going to  were going to be on the lower side in our outlook. All right.
Rich Kwas: All right. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Christopher Glynn from Oppenheimer. Your line is open.
Christopher Glynn: Thanks. Good morning.
David Nord: Good morning, Chris.
Christopher Glynn: Hey, Dave. So the lighting was a little light of the target for the year at about 10%. Is that still in your sights, or probably going to drive a little under that?
William Sperry: I think were halfway in high single-digits, Chris. And so to get to that target, we have to have a strong second-half, which is what the team is focused on accomplishing. So I think the target is still in sights, yes.
Christopher Glynn: Okay. Thats great. And on power systems, the organic decelerated a little bit. The comp was actually slightly easier. Any thoughts there, or is that just ebb and flow that you cant really put a finger on?
William Sperry: No, I think, we saw some delay on the transmission project side, and the transmission side is always prone to those project delays. The distribution side, which is the largest  larger part of our business, which is MRO driven and it really coming out of the operating budgets rather than the capital budgets of our utility customers, and so again I just think its probably a sign of them being under some pressure a little bit. And as Im saying were hoping that some of the hotter weather maybe gets their revenues going and allows them to spend and maintain and upgrade their networks, which would be hopefully good D-type flow business for us.
David Nord: I think theres also one of the other dynamics, Chris and it comes into play in some of the areas that were expecting to see more growth is actually some of the constraints around availability of contractors, which is certainly impacting the housing market and the build capability there. But I think it all  also we see it in some areas manifesting itself within the utility and particularly the communications sector. So thats  we can work through that. Theres certainly demand for the product and a need for the capability, but its the ability to actually install it becomes one of the constraints, so.
Christopher Glynn: Yes, it makes sense. Just a little bookkeeping, wondering if the FX headwind is still around $0.15 and the pension is still about a $0.10 headwind, and the other one  other expense was pretty costly in the quarter, would that revert to more of a neutral?
William Sperry: Yes, so lets take those in the pieces. So starting with FX, we had about a nickel of impact in the quarter and we expect that your $0.15 number is right for the year. Pension is in that $0.08-ish, so  $0.08-ish, $0.10-ish range, so thats right. And what you saw in non-op was driven by first of all the interest expense from our new bond. And secondly, we had some acquisition accounting from a deal we did a few years ago, where we had an offset in the tax lines, so no effect on EPS, but some geography between non-op and lower tax.
Christopher Glynn: Cool, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeffrey Sprague from Vertical Research Partners. Your line is open.
Jeffrey Sprague: Thank you. Good morning everyone.
David Nord: Good morning, Jeff.
Jeffrey Sprague: Hey, can we get a little bit of color on how the restructuring benefits play out in the second-half, are those Q4 loaded?
David Nord: The benefits are not Jeff, we expect those  were sort of kind of running at that $0.30 and thats kind of been smooth quarterly and we expect that to continue that way.
Jeffrey Sprague: And then just thinking about Lighting, I mean what Im hearing, right is which you openly admitted, your cost structure was out of line, causing you to lose some share, you can just  youve addressed that. Plus it kind of begs the question of thinking about the restructuring savings kind of in the abstract versus the absolute, right? I mean what youre  what we need to do, just a kind of stay competitive versus what we can drop through the bottom line? I mean, is there any leakage on the actual realization of  and maybe its not just a Lighting question, maybe its a broader question in that, but the Lighting really jumps to mind?
David Nord: Yes, I think the  I think Lighting doesnt form your question very well, because Lighting has been a big focus of ours on the restructuring. And I think what were expecting between the $0.45 last year, the $0.35 this year, those $0.80 between the $0.10 we got last year and the $0.30 this. Were expecting to have $0.40 delivered to the bottom line of that $0.80 kind of suggesting to your paybacks, which is Jeff, a mix of some headcount stuff, which is faster and some facility stuff, which is slower. But thats  were netting out leakage that were trying to capture the actual savings there of our efforts.
Jeffrey Sprague: Okay. And then thinking about Lighting, I dont know if you can cut C&I a little bit more, but if you just kind of thought about the c-piece, right and removed kind of the industrial headwinds that I think clearly are frustrating that business still  can you quantify how the commercial piece of the business is performing?
William Sperry: Yes, I dont think we would cut it that finely, Jeff.
Jeffrey Sprague: Okay. And then just thinking about back to price, we kind of  you spoke to price, cost. But price specifically, can you give us a little more color on what actually happened in the quarter in the two segments?
William Sperry: Yes, I mean we had the kind of price challenge in that range that we had talked about of that that sort of half point of price. You saw  its just not evenly applied across the portfolio. So Lighting was the most intensive. There were places at the other end of the spectrum that had motivations and support to raise prices. Examples of that, Jeff, would be places where FX headwinds were causing the need to ask for more price and others where the commodity particularly something thats a very steel intensive and steel specific products. They also had the opportunity to ask for price. So its not as smooth kind of half point across the Board. Its kind of spotty like that.
Jeffrey Sprague: Yes, okay. And then just one last one, if I could, Bill? On the leverage now, given where youre at, I dont know if you want to express it relative to debt-to-capital like we see it in the chart, youre taking to debt-to-EBITDA, but kind of where is your comfort range when we think about toggling back and forth on M&A versus share repurchase, and just kind of a steady kind of run rate leverage ratio?
William Sperry: Yes, I mean I think that we would consider our balance sheet  just I would still characterize it as conservative. It obviously has a higher debt-to-cap and higher debt-to-EBITDA than it did. But I would say, Jeff, for the right acquisition, we would certainly be very prepared to utilize that asset of ours in the name of a strategic pursuit if it were compelling.
Jeffrey Sprague: Not continues to be much, but I mean when we just think about  how you think about it that youd lever a 2.5% to 3% with the idea of coming back down subsequently or can you give us some framework to think about that?
William Sperry: I dont think I would give you framework. But certainly the scenario you described is certainly within the range of our opportunities that that amount of leverage and then tapping the brakes for a few years to pay it off is certainly a very viable option that would be available to us in our opinion.
Jeffrey Sprague: Great. All right, thanks, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Tusa from JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Steve Tusa: Hey, guys, good morning.
David Nord: Good morning, Steve.
Steve Tusa: What are you guys seeing out there in T&D land? Its been kind of a market thats been stable for  I dont know 10-years now. Just curious as to what you guys  what your customers are telling you on spending priorities and what 2017s potential like there?
David Nord: Stable was another word for uneventful and disappointing, because we keep expecting it to pop.
Steve Tusa: No. No, Dave, disappointing, stable is actually pretty good these days. I mean, its certainly [multiple speakers] right?
David Nord: Yes, I agree with you. I mean, after a number of years of expecting this uptick and not getting it, but still continuing to grow at a modest, but at least stable rate, is certainly the kind of market that we prefer. Its easy to navigate through. We continue to hear about the need to invest and the willingness to invest. I think the uncertainty thats out there, probably the biggest uncertainty is exactly where to invest, particularly when youre  thinking about renewables and distributed generation. How much youre going to invest in a big facility versus a smaller localized facility, and what is that grid look like going forward. And I think thats the  thats probably one factor that plays into the caution and more of the modest investment levels. Thats probably the only unique thing that we hear. I mean, I think, the question is whether thats the kind of thing thats influencing some of the T side, as Bill referenced, and we have pretty good visibility to a project knowing that they are pushing out, but not exactly why they are pushing out. Its not for necessarily a lack of funding, and some of it may be for concern about whether thats the right place to invest the T, or weather theres some alternative that has to be considered. So its kind of more of the same. But were very keen to, and were listening intently and trying to study where the investments might end up going in the next three to five years.
Steve Tusa: Got it. And then can you guys grow electrical margins year-over-year by the fourth quarter, adjusted for restructuring? Is that in the plan?
David Nord: To grow margins, I dont have an answer to that.
Steve Tusa: And I guess, while you are looking for that one, any color on distributor about inventory levels and whether youre seeing anything move around there? And then thats my last one. Thanks.
David Nord: I think the distributor inventories have come down. I think there was a pretty high level at the end of the first quarter, because I think there were  there was a lot of build and slower demand. I think weve seen some of that working its way down. I dont think its still at optimal levels. I still think theres a little bit of overhang there, and I think thats influenced certainly, the early part of the second quarter was a big influence. But I think I expect that well probably see a little more of that in the second-half of this year depending on the external demand. But I think we see that  Ive seen that in the NIMA data when it looks at manufacturing shipments. I think are certainly have been weaker and I think thats evidence of the high  higher inventory in the channel. Okay.
Steve Tusa: Got it.
David Nord: As far as the margins?
Maria Lee: Yes, so for the  by the fourth quarter in the Electrical segment, we do think that the  we should be able to get back to where we were. I mean, thats assuming the improvement from the comparison Harsh and Hazardous. So its as long as that market the keeps staying in sort of bouncing along the bottom as we see, and pricing stays within the range that we assumed across the Electrical segment. But so the short answer is, yes, I think that the margin should improve by the fourth quarter and be in line with last year.
Steve Tusa: Great color. Thanks, guys.
David Nord: Okay.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Wood from Macquarie. Your line is open.
Mike Wood: Hi, thanks for taking my questions.
David Nord: Good morning, Mike.
Mike Wood: Good morning. Can you provide us with your latest view on restructuring expense levels longer-term and in 2017, if we keep along this kind of flattish end market backdrop with you guys doing 1 to 2 points of organic growth?
William Sperry: Yes, Mike, I think we would expect the restructuring program to kind of taper down a little bit. And Id say before we started this program, we had kind of an annual year-in, year-out, wed spend on order of magnitude nickel on it and never talked about it, because I was always in our year-over-year compares. I expect our base level to be higher than that. So as we taper down, maybe thats a dime or more, but its having to be done every year. And so I expect well be doing more of it than we have in the past. But we would expect that to taper down over the next couple of years the  really the way that plan gets deviated from is in. If theres ever a large facility that can create a decent amount of lumpiness that they would have to be managed. But barring that, we would anticipate some form of tapering.
Mike Wood: Thanks. And a question on mix in Electrical. Im curious what core industrial products you would most be excited about, coming back first potentially to help regain some of that lost mix that youve suffered in the recent downturn?
David Nord: Yes. So theres  Im not sure if your operative word there was core industrial. But to the extent that some of the heavier industrial came back, that would be very helpful from an industrial mix perspective. So things that we would sell into steel mills, for example, would be good examples of heavy-duty kind of industrial. But on the more core lighter side, really the mix within our wiring device receptacles and plugs and the like, the more industrial driven, the mix there that would be really welcome to have that come back rather than being skewed towards commercial as it is now.
Mike Wood: Okay, thank you.
David Nord: Okay.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joshua Pokrzywinski from Buckingham Research. Your line is open.
Joshua Pokrzywinski: Hi, good morning, guys.
David Nord: Good morning.
Joshua Pokrzywinski: Just to stay on Lighting for a second, could you run us through just what volume growth was in the quarter? I know, weve kind of picked around the edges here, but maybe just to hit the nail on the head with volume in Lighting?
David Nord: Yes. So our sales growth for the whole business was around 5%. Price mix was a couple of points, so volume would have been in the seven point range. And if you can pick apart what resi was at the lower end, components at the lower end, and C&I fixtures at the high-end of volumes for the quarter.
Joshua Pokrzywinski: Terrific. And then on price, cost, more broadly, just a couple of cleanups. I think you mentioned that youre going to start hitting easier comparisons on the Harsh and Hazardous side, its starting to flatten out sequentially. Is the margin comment or the mix comment, more of a year-over-year, or are you seeing some actual improvement in the underlying margins as we head into the back-half? Im trying to discern whats easier comps versus maybe any signs of pricing or some of the margin stability there?
Maria Lee: I think its largely based on the easier comparison. There is not an embedded expectation for a significant difference in the markets. And to-date, actually the pricing has been relatively stable. So were not seeing a big shift there yet.
Joshua Pokrzywinski: Great. And then just one last one. Dave, I dont know if you mentioned it explicitly, but I think there has been this expectation that pricing and power starts to catch up with some of the raw material deflation youve seen, clearly 2Q that hasnt happened yet. But maybe give us the fresh look on how power price, cost looks in the second-half, just based on what you are booking today, and maybe having some visibility here through July?
David Nord: Yes, I think that pricing at power does flip to negative in the second-half. But we still think that it will be certainly at a manageable level. Were not expecting any major declines in that and particularly as you point out; we have visibility to some of that. To the extent that any indexed commodities would drop, youd  we have to give that back just by contract. But otherwise, we think that there will be some negative implication in the second-half, but certainly at a modest level, at least, thats our current look.
Joshua Pokrzywinski: Gotcha. There hasnt been some big inversion in pricing just because we flipped to 3Q?
David Nord: No, no.
Joshua Pokrzywinski: Okay, great. Thanks, guys.
David Nord: All right.
Operator: I will now turn the call back over to Maria Lee for closing remarks.
Maria Lee: All right. Thanks, everyone. This concludes our call, and Steve and I will be available following the call for questions. Thanks again for joining us.
Operator: This concludes todays conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-04-27 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Maria Lee - Vice President, Treasurer and Investor Relations Dave Nord - President and Chief Executive Officer Bill Sperry - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Rich Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities Christopher Glynn - Oppenheimer John Walsh - Vertical Research Partners Brent Thielman - D. A. Davidson
Operator: Good morning. My name is Jeff and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the First Quarter 2016 Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Maria Lee, Vice President, Treasurer and Investor Relations, you may begin your conference.
Maria Lee: Thanks, Jeff. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us. I am joined today by our President and Chief Executive Officer, Dave Nord and our Chief Financial Officer, Bill Sperry. Hubbell announced its first quarter results for 2016 this morning. The press release and earnings slide materials have been posted to the Investors section of our website at www.hubbell.com. Please note that our comments this morning may include statements related to the expected future results of our company and our forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Therefore, please note the discussion of forward-looking statements in our press release and consider it incorporated by reference into this call. In addition, comments may also include non-GAAP financial measures. Those measures are reconciled to the comparable GAAP measures and are included in the press release and the earnings slide materials. Now, let me turn the call over to Dave.
Dave Nord: Okay. Thanks, Maria. Thanks everyone for joining this morning. Let me give some opening remarks and then Bill can take you through the specifics of our results. Certainly from our perspective, we had solid results in the first quarter, consistent with our long-term strategy of supporting shareholder value creation. Pretty much in line with our expectations, but certainly it feels a lot better than the last few years start to the year, more reliable, more consistent, so really felt good about that, particularly felt good on the top line, with sales up 3% and that had a combination of both organic growth as well as the acquisition benefits. We continue to execute on our restructuring and related actions and we continue to make investments in enhancing our presence in growing markets and growing businesses. And of course, we still have an ongoing deployment of cash, completing two acquisitions in the quarter as well as the share repurchases of $200 million. So, as a result of all this was earnings per share are up 4% year-over-year, adjusted for the restructuring and related costs. Before I hand it off to Bill to take you through the slides, let me just highlight a few other events in the quarter. As you know, we held our Investor Day in New York in March and many of you hopefully were able to participate either in person or by phone. It was great to see many of you there. This event allowed us to really showcase the leaders of our groups and particularly the new organization. You had a chance to hear directly from them how they feel about the bright future for Hubbell. Some of the highlights: Kevin Poyck talked about our 10% annual growth target in lighting. Darrin addressed the role of innovation in driving customer value and maintaining strong competitive positioning in our wiring business. Rodd Ruland covered moving into adjacent markets within our Harsh and Hazardous products as well as the acquisitions in the natural gas infrastructure space. And Gerben highlighted Powers consistent top line performance, the achievement of $1 billion of sales in 2015 and the promising prospects for business outside of our traditional transmission and distribution markets. We expect to continue the process we started last year of having the Presidents to join us during investor meetings during the coming year. I think next up the schedule as you will see Rodd Ruland somewhere over the next month or two out in the field. Also, in March, we held an Executive Summit, which brought together 125 of our top leaders within Hubbell. It was an amazing show of the energy and excitement from that group. It was our fourth in the series that we launched when we first launched our initiative on One Hubbell, lot of sharing of ideas, best practices and continued collaboration for our leadership to drive to the future goals that we shared with the investment community back at our Investor Day, really fantastic to be part of that meeting. And on the customer side, as I mentioned in March, it all starts with the customer. And over the last few months, I have had the opportunity to spend some time with quite a few of our channel partners of all sizes. In general, I would say they see the market in a similar way. They are optimistic about growth, but realistic about a market thats likely to be choppy and sloppy and certainly very positive about the way they see Hubbell, our emphasis on One Hubbell where it makes sense and can make their lives easier and their businesses more successful and the energy and attitude they see from our new organization. And we hear similar things at the various industry events, most recently at the AGA meeting commentary around the gas distribution businesses that we put together in support of a market that is and will continue to experience good growth potential. At some upcoming events, it can give you an opportunity to see some of us in action amongst the various industry participants. Hopefully, some of you might be joining the call from LIGHTFAIR in San Diego. Kevin and the Lighting team are sharing their significant offerings and plans for new products. And next week, our Power Systems team will be doing the same thing at IEEE Convention in Dallas. I plan to be there for part of the event with the entire Hubbell senior leadership team as well. So, a lot of good things happened, a lot of positive things happened and we just are optimistic that the market will continue to allow us to perform and deliver positive results. So with that, let me turn it over to Bill and he can take you through the specifics of the quarter.
Bill Sperry: Thanks, Dave. Good morning, everybody. Thanks for joining us. I am going to use the slides that I hope you found this morning to help guide my comments and I am going to start on Page 3, first quarter summary. Solid quarter that gets us off to a good start for the year, net sales of $835 million, an increase of 3%, driven by organic growth of 2% absorbed by FX headwinds of those same 2%, but then acquisitions contributing another 3 points. The operating margin, adjusted for restructuring related, was at 13%, a 50 basis point decline. We continue to wrestle with the FX and mix headwinds that we have had. And we have had some unfavorable price cost productivity as we have invested, as Dave was mentioning in some of the high cost businesses. And we are getting some really good benefit from the restructuring that we have started. The results were $1.08 of earnings per share or $1.16 adjusted for the restructuring and related, a 4% increase from last year. On Page 4, I want to share with you some of our highlights from the quarter. I really think these help us illustrate the fact that our strategy is working and our business model is succeeding despite the uneven and mixed end markets that we are facing. As the starting point, we had a strong balance sheet that we can continue to deploy capital where we wanted to. In the quarter, we bought two companies for $172 million, one you heard Gerben talk about at Investor Day, the outside plant opportunity that he has got with telcom companies as people are building out fiber to the home, a good growth opportunity for us and one we feel we are taking good advantage of. The more significant was the natural gas distribution company called Lyall. And you heard Rodd Ruland mention again at Investor Day the 72 million buildings that are served by natural gas and the 2 million miles of pipeline and the high degree of maintenance and repair that, that infrastructure requires to be a leading provider there, good investment, both those businesses growing very, very strongly and good investment and growth for us. Dave also mentioned the repurchase of shares. So, we completed about $200 million in the quarter. You remember we started after the reclass was voted and closed very, very late last week of last year. And also the first few weeks of April, we were able to continue to purchase. And so at this point, I am happy to say that we have completed the $250 million of share repurchases that we mentioned and we can talk more about that later. Second driver, I think of showing that our model is off to a good success here, is the restructuring activities that we are investing in. So on the first hand, we have talked about spending another $0.35 this year in restructuring related activity and about $0.08 of that we got done in the first quarter. The emphasis of the first quarters activities continue to be on the lighting group and continuing to get their cost structure as competitive as possible. And secondly, in the construction and energy group where harsh and hazardous business is located and continuing to make sure we have got our resources properly sized for that opportunity. We did talk a little bit about the shift towards facilities this year. And on the industrial side as I mentioned, the construction group needed to do some  make some staffing decisions to right size there. I think also the good news around restructuring is that we are experiencing savings from the initiatives that we implemented last year. And those are well in line with the expectations of the savings that we expect to earn throughout 2016. So I feel that we are both realizing on the savings from prior actions and continuing to implement value creating actions this year. And I think thats we are improving our income statement greatly with those investments. Now the third bullet you will see on Page 4, we are also investing to grow. And you see the engineering and sales area, you heard Gerben Bakker of our power business talk about adding resources there to help him grow. And you also heard Kevin Poyck talk about the channels to market where he is investing in the lighting side, both on the agents and the big box distribution side to help grow that lighting business for us. So Page 5, we talk about our first quarter sales of $835 million as we said, a 3% growth rate. We break it down to the end markets. And its really been consistent with our recent quarters where you see dramatic mix differences between the red and the green on the page. So on the green side, you we continue to see strong growth out of our non-residential and commercial construction areas. Lighting businesses continued to benefit from that as well as the renovation and relight trends that exist within the non-residential space. The natural gas areas that we mentioned that Rodd has invested in growing strongly as well. Residential up significantly and you would see a little bit of a shift there where multifamily had been driving the growth and now we see the single family construction helping pull that forward. On the net downside, you see the red and industrial, our heavy industrial businesses that serve areas like steel mills are down significantly. And we continue to see significant headwinds in the oil area of our harsh and hazardous. So that end market story, it continues and we will talk about how that affects our segments in just a few minutes. You are going to see now, we have implemented a slightly new format here. We are portraying all the same information for you, but just trying to streamline the number of pages just a little bit and I hope you find it easier to follow. So on Page 6, we are starting with adjusted operating profit of $109 million or 13%. And at the gross margin level, our gross margins were down about 20 basis points driven by the mix and FX headwinds. On the S&A side, you see up 30 basis points to 18.4% of sales as the 3 points we added through acquisition are add to our S&A costs in that first bit of time we own the new businesses. Page 7, we have earnings per share you see of $1.16 adjusted, a 4% increase from the $1.12 of last year. We get there with comparable amount of total non-op expense where interest expense from new bond deal that we offered in the first quarter was offset by lower expenses from the FX side. On the tax line, you saw the permanent implementation of the R&D credit, which helped lower our effective tax rate. And you also see the impact of our share repurchases helping to drive that 4% growth in earnings per share. I am now going to switch the talking about the segments and start with Electrical. The first quarter, you see Electrical segment delivered $583 million of sales, a 2-point increase from the prior year. The acquisitions really helped drive that as 2 points of FX drag absorbed the 1 point of organic growth. And again the similar trends we have had were the lighting and commercial construction businesses within non-res and res showed solid growth where oil and core industrial had weak quarters on the volume side. And that continues to push a significant mix headwind into the Electrical segment and combined with FX created more than a point of drag there that you see ultimately affected the adjusted operating profit of 10.6%. Page 9, we have got the Power segment shown here with a really solid quarter from them, 5% growth $252 million of sales, 4 points coming from organic, acquisitions adding 2 points and FX a drag of 1 point. You heard Gerben Bakker at Investor Day talk about that telecom growth, significant driver and nice market adjacency for them. While the core distribution business, that last mile to the home was flat in the quarter, we saw a little bit of growth coming from the transmission and substation side. That 5% growth translated into 10% adjusted OP growth, $47 million or 18.6% of sales. They had a favorable price cost productivity and higher volumes and just a nice strong quarter coming from the Power segment. For cash flow, you will see that we had improved free cash flow generation to begin the year here as we had $43 million of free cash flow compared to $10 million last year. You see quite a lot of comparability between the drivers there. One of the most meaningful differences was a more favorable pension contribution in  between 15 and 16. Capital structure on Page 11, you will still see our A balance sheet listed here, still poised to be an investing balance sheet. You will see the new bond offering with the 2026 maturity date listed there and the change that, that causes on our debt to cap ratio and net debt to cap of 24%. Revolver still with  all available, with no outstandings, at $750 million available to us. So we put more cash to work as you can see here, but still a conservative balance sheet and one we hope to continue to support our investing activity. So that concluded my comments on the performance in the quarter. And I was going to hand it back to Dave to share his perspective on our outlook from here.
Dave Nord: Okay. Bill thanks. Just first on the end markets on page 12, very similar, no changes at this point to our outlook for the end markets from although certainly based on their performance in the first quarter, some of those markets performed a little better and may indicate some upside, particularly on the residential and non-residential construction. Certainly also, happy I guess is maybe too strong a word to say that with a little moderation of improvement of oil prices, you have got a little moderation of the declines in the energy sectors. So that should bode well for the rest of the year and some improvement at least to get us to our outlook of 15% to 20% declines in that market. I think overall very simply, turning to Page 13, we are reaffirming our expectations for the full year. So, flat end markets, as we have indicated in those markets with the growth in construction-related markets, declines in oil and the core industrial markets. I mean, I think that flat when you look at the previous pie is plus or minus a point. So, we are just calling that flat. Hopefully, we have a bias to the upside, but at this point, thats what we are looking at for the markets. That gives us our diluted EPS and the range continues to be $5.20 to $5.40 and that includes approximately $0.35 of restructuring and related costs. And free cash flow at least 90% of net income, slight change here. We are focusing putting more emphasis on working capital. And we are looking to improve from our original guidance. I think the team feels pretty confident about these expectations certainly given our good start to the year, 2% organic growth in the first quarter in a generally flat composite market, so on track with our full year expectation of outperforming those underlying end markets. Our first quarter acquisitions of Lyall and EMC should contribute 3% to our sales this year. And you demonstrate that acquisitions continue to be a key part of our growth strategy. Currency headwind will continue to be a headwind certainly if rates remain at the current levels although that will be less severe than it was last year. And operating margins, we are getting the incremental restructuring savings of about $0.30, consistent with what we have said prior and with our restructuring-related costs, good payback projects. And we believe that the unfavorable mix that we have been experiencing for some time should start to moderate throughout the year. And with the completed  completion of our previously announced share repurchase program, we have a lot of opportunities to deploy capital in our historic and varied ways whether its in investing in the business, dividends, acquisitions or additional share repurchase. So, we continue to position our business and cost structure for sustainable earnings growth focusing on the things that we can control and thats really focusing on the cost side, cost actions. And if the market performs at least at the level that we are expecting, we feel really good about the prospects for the year. So with that, let me open it up to questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of Rich Kwas from Wells Fargo Securities. Rich, your line is open.
Rich Kwas: Hi, everyone.
Dave Nord: Hi, Rich.
Rich Kwas: Dave, on the outlook for resi, non-resi, you kept those at 3% to 5%, it looks like resi is coming in better at least here at the start of the year and it looks like the outlook seems that, that growth should sustain itself. So, that is starting to look conservative. Should we interpret that as just wait till we get into more of the meat of the season and then reevaluate and so there is potential conservatism in there? Is there something you are seeing thats causing you greater concern?
Dave Nord: Well, I mean, Rich, there is certainly admittedly maybe some conservatism in there. Its early in the year. I think consistent with the view that I have expressed that I have heard from our customers, there are some mixed messages that come out. You saw within the last few days, new home sales dropped for the third month in a row, which  how does that play into the homebuilders permit starts, their activities. The good news on that is, since we are sort of at the tail end of that that would be something that wouldnt really impact us until certainly later in the year, but thats the kind of data that I look at and just I am a little bit cautious as we  until we get a little further into the year and see how some of that plays out. Hope that helps.
Rich Kwas: Yes. And then on non-res, whats your  it seems like all the data points are stable to improving. Anything noteworthy there in terms of what you are seeing in terms of quoting activity particularly as it relates to your lighting and wiring business?
Dave Nord: Nothing other than the  what continues to be the volatility in activity. You have good days and good weeks and bad days and bad weeks and so you have got to take enough of that. There is not enough of a consistent pattern that I would say everyday is up 10%, so I feel really good about that. You have got to  but certainly the first quarter was good. And the second quarter, I expect to be similar. But as you know, we also still have albeit less than historically still a dependence on a construction bias in the second and third quarter. So really it takes getting through the better part of the second quarter to start to get a reliable view as I would look at it.
Rich Kwas: Okay. And then does the guide still assume FX headwinds? I think I had $0.15 between translation and transaction for the year embedded in the outlook.
Bill Sperry: Yes, there is, Rich. Even though there is a little bit of weakening there, we are still  compared to the average level of last year we still have those kind of headwinds.
Rich Kwas: Okay, so no change. But if the dollar weakens, then there is potential that, that could soften a bit later in the year?
Bill Sperry: Yes, for sure. Yes.
Rich Kwas: Okay. And then last one, just on oil price, you kind of referenced around  a), what was harsh down in the quarter? And then, b), the 15% to 20%, is there any potential that  what would you characterize the potential that you come in at the low end of that range in terms of negative revenue growth year-over-year?
Bill Sperry: Yes. So Rich, the  for the quarter, we were down in the mid-20s against a still difficult compare last year. Even though oil prices were dropping, we had some sticky orders that shipped. And the way we see the year unfolding is the sequential dollars of harsh and hazardous start to flatten meaningfully. And so the compares on a VPY basis really start to shrink. And so the way we are guessing we are going to exit the year in sort of a single-digit down level, but it does feel like we are still in that range for the year right now.
Rich Kwas: Okay, thats helpful. Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Christopher Glynn from Oppenheimer. Christopher, your line is open.
Christopher Glynn: Yes, thanks. Good morning.
Dave Nord: Good morning, Chris.
Christopher Glynn: Hey, Dave. So, the markets that you listed as kind of potentially contributing to an indication of an improving outlook, is a pretty diverse group. Do you think  how would you handicap whether thats restocking, a lack of destocking or actually maybe a bit of fundamental improvement just your kind of guts on those?
Bill Sperry: Yes. Look, I think if you started with the restocking question, I think it feels to us where we have data and we can see some point of sale, point of purchase kind of information. It doesnt really feel like there has been a lot of restocking. It feels to us like inventory levels are at reasonable levels. I would say there has been some weather impact into your question. And so, they are right and maybe the construction season was kind of pulled forward perhaps a little bit. And so those are all kind of factors that we kind of keep considering and as Dave mentioned wanting to kind of get through a little bit more of the year to really see whats happening on the orders side.
Christopher Glynn: Okay, it makes sense. And then I just want to go into the electrical margin a little bit more. I think restructuring expense and payback were probably roughly offsetting and you lost 1.5 points of margin on slightly up organic. Just wanted to understand that, that differential because that 1.5 point difference is kind of apples-to-apples, maybe what was the price in the quarter for electrical in case I missed it? And just if you could quantify, at least qualitatively, the mix and price, cost impacts, that would help?
Maria Lee: Yes, sure. So yes, so the mix and FX if you look at both of those impacts, that pretty much accounts for the entire decline. So the mix was the bigger piece of that and was just less than a point, but still a big impact. On the pricing, electricals pricing was line with how we exited the year in terms of headwind. So we havent seen that getting much worse, but still pretty strong level of pricing headwind.
Christopher Glynn: Okay. And then Bill, lighting comments in March for opportunity to do 10% top line organic for the year in lighting, is that being validated?
Bill Sperry: Yes. So we did 10% in the first quarter.
Christopher Glynn: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeffrey Sprague from Vertical Research Partners. Jeffrey, your line is open.
John Walsh: Hi, good morning. This is John on for Jeff. I just wanted to know if you can run through the lighting in a little more detail, what did kind of C&I do versus resi. And then any comment on the year-on-year change in margin, I think last quarter it was up in the order of magnitude of about 150 bps?
Bill Sperry: Yes. So between C&I and resi, C&I business was up high single-digits and the resi business was up double-digits to get us to 10% growth rate. And we are still seeing attractive margin expansion from the segment. And so we are enthusiastic that it looks like we are able to get good growth out of that business as well as put some emphasis on the cost side and restructure those costs to make sure that we get margins to come along with that growth.
John Walsh: Great. And then kind of thinking about the non-residential markets, do you have any color on what you are seeing in kind of commercial versus institutional, kind of drilling into healthcare versus educational verticals as well?
Bill Sperry: Yes. I would say of a commercial side, we have seen particular strength on the office front. And on the institutional side, I would say you call both of them both healthcare and education are kind of the standouts from that side.
John Walsh: Alright, great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thanks. [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Brent Thielman from D. A. Davidson. Brent, your line is open.
Brent Thielman: Hi, good morning.
Dave Nord: Good morning Brent.
Brent Thielman: On the Power segment Bill, I think you talked in the past about kind of thinking pricing might follow the underlying inputs there, lower in steel and copper, do you still see that happening and I guess with some of those commodities moving higher as of late, do you think you can hold the line on pricing there?
Bill Sperry: Yes. I think that you are right to point that out. So as some of those commodities feel like maybe they have bottomed and we are starting to see inflation there. We have this challenge of seeing this price have to continue to chase the strong second half of 15 where we had real tailwind from those commodities and when can we convince our customers that there is inflation in front of us and kind of firm that price. I would say right now, they continue to have some bit of pricing power where its FX supported rather than just kind of general market. But I think you are right to point out kind of a soft pricing kind of the environment in general as commodities appear to be firming. And so that catches us at a time where we are going to have to be nimble with our customers to make sure that doesnt  that dynamic doesnt squeeze us.
Brent Thielman: Okay, thanks for that. And then on lighting, it looks like construction markets are certainly a tailwind, is there a way we can kind of think about what these restructuring and kind of self help initiatives might be doing to kind of that 10% underlying growth versus what the markets are giving you?
Bill Sperry: Yes. I think the restructuring is much more addressed at the common cost side where we have been taking out some inefficient facilities and putting our volume in lower cost sites. I think thats really helping us on the cost side. I think on the growth side, you have got what the markets have, but then we have also been investing in some of the verticals, make sure we are going after things like healthcare vertical. And we are also investing in our agents on the front end of the business. And we are also investing in the resi channel. And so I think we are seeing volume paybacks from all of those investments on the top line. And I would say the restructuring and related is really attacking the cost structure.
Brent Thielman: Okay, great. And one more on Power if I could, it looks like the transmission market contributions maybe improved a little bit relative to I guess what you guys were saying last quarter, you kept 2016 outlook the same I think for the T&D markets, but have the underlying drivers between T&D changed and whats that kind of mean for the Power segment from a margin perspective this year perhaps?
Bill Sperry: I think that the outlook is quite consistent with what we have seen. I think the T&D balance is where its been. The growth in that adjacency of the outside plant communications products has been notable. And I think the bigger driver on margins for Power would not be driven by any of those volume changes, but more by kind of the price-cost dynamic that we talked about on the last question. So certainly if there is organic growth, there will be good incrementals for the Power folks. But I also think being mindful of this price cost shift as commodities start to re-inflate, thats where we have to be most mindful, I think.
Brent Thielman: Okay, thank you.
Operator: And you do have a follow-up question from the line of Rich Kwas from Wells Fargo Securities. Rich, Your line is open.
Rich Kwas: Yes. Just a quick follow-up on the restructuring spend, is that third still targeted for harsh and hazardous?
Bill Sperry: Yes. I think that it may come in slightly less than that, Rich. We still have good ideas that are coming up. And as we see if those volumes really do start to sequentially bottom and if we kind of find ourselves on the bottom of that, you  we may not have to dedicate as much of those dollars to that area as a full third. But it is a leading area of our attention and it has been getting a lot of those investment dollars for the reasons that you are citing.
Rich Kwas: And then Bill is the target still to get the cost structure to the $35, $35 to $40 a barrel of oil or doe s that mean when you say less than a third or potentially less than a third that that cost structure moves up a little bit closer to $40 or $45 or...
Bill Sperry: No...
Dave Nord: Yes, I think we are  Rich, you are looking at assuming the cost structure would be more in the mid-$40s to $45 to $50. Thats really the issue if oil stabilizes in the mid-$40s and a little better. And quarters when we see the market then stabilize, we wouldnt have to do quite as much, but we are certainly prepared to do more. We think we are still at a cost structure in the low to mid-50s so we still have a little more to do.
Rich Kwas: And then as the  if we get an increase in oil prices, is the margin associated with the business going to be as good as it was a few years ago when you are running hot?
Dave Nord: We hope so.
Rich Kwas: Okay. So thats the target to get back to your prior margin?
Dave Nord: Yes. I dont think that it was extraordinarily high in most of the business because of volume and absorption. I think its the nature of the product than the markets through the question  which is real question would be around pricing going forward.
Bill Sperry: I think on the way down, Rich, pricing behave reasonably well and constructively, such that our decrementals were kind of in line with what we expected. I think, as Dave said, if that  we have seen a lot more price deterioration on the way down. I think that would have made your question more challenging to answer in the affirmative. But we would say the value add of the product and the fact that the price and competitive dynamic remains kind of balanced should bode favorably for incrementals as the volume kind of comes back for us.
Rich Kwas: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: And there are no further questions at this time. I turn the call back over to Maria Lee.
Maria Lee: Okay, great. Thanks. That concludes todays call. We will be around all day for follow-up questions and thanks again for joining us.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes todays conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q4  (2016-01-28 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Maria Lee - VP, IR Dave Nord - President & CEO Bill Sperry - CFO
Analysts: Rich Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley Christopher Glynn - Oppenheimer Jeffrey Sprague - Vertical Research Partners Steve Tusa - JPMorgan
Operator: Good morning. I would like to welcome everyone to our Fourth Quarter 2015 Results Call. [Operator Instructions]. Maria Lee, you may begin your conference.
Maria Lee: Thanks, Beth. Good morning, everyone and thanks for joining us. I'm joined today by our President and Chief Executive Officer Dave Nord and our Chief Financial Officer Bill Sperry. Hubbell announced its fourth quarter results for 2015 this morning. The press release and earnings slide materials have been posted to the investor section of our website at www.Hubbell.com. Please note that our comments this morning may include statements related to the expected future results of our company and are forward looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Therefore, please note the discussion of forward looking statements in our press release and consider it incorporated, by reference, into this call. In addition, comments may also include non-GAAP financial measures. Those measures are reconciled to the comparable GAAP measures and are included in the press release and the earnings slide materials. Now let me turn the call over to Dave.
Dave Nord: Okay. Thanks, Maria. Thanks everybody for joining and good morning. I want to just spend a little bit of time, first off, giving some overall comments on the year and a few on the quarter and then I will turn it over to Bill for more specifics on the quarter. Certainly, we had a solid finish to the year, a year that had a lot of mixed and uncertain macro environment to deal with and a lot of that has been on the back of a real focus on execution. Our construction markets continue to grow, but we still are challenged by the oil and gas, as well as the broader industrial markets continuing to deteriorate. And the transmission and distribution markets were slower than expected throughout the year and that continued a bit in the fourth quarter. Organic growth reflected this profile. In Q1, we were up 4% organically and in Q4 we were down 3%. We expected the year to profile that way, but not necessarily to that degree. As the top line became increasingly challenged, we've continued to focus on what we can control and meeting our expectations. Our full-year EPS of $5.07 exceeded our expectations of $4.95 to $5.05 that we had provided halfway through the year. Certainly that wasn't our original expectation for the year, but navigating choppy markets and particularly some of the uncertainty and significant weakness we saw in the third quarter, we're very pleased with the ability to navigate that successfully. We continued launching and implementing actions to improve our cost competitiveness. We incurred $0.45 of restructuring related costs this year in line with our expectation. We've exited 12 facilities impacting 350 positions and a lot of that has been focused on domestic workforce, particularly the salaried workforce and even more specifically around those businesses that face up to the oil markets. We've realized $10 million, over $10 million, of savings from those actions. Importantly, we achieved a significant milestone this year in completing our common stock reclassification. Those of you who follow know that the shareholders overwhelmingly approved the reclassification of our Class A and Class B shares into a single class of common stock on December 23 and we look forward to operating with a simplified governance structure and a structure that aligns the economic interests of all our shareholders. As a result of the completion of that, we started buying back stock at the end of the year and we're on track to repurchase up to 250 million as we previously announced. Our acquisition strategy, with all of that, our acquisition strategy remains a key component. We acquired a company called Lyall just last week. Welcome to be part of the Hubbell Chief organization. Lyall is a leading manufacturer of components and assemblies for residential, multiple meter and commercial gas service line applications in the gas distribution system. Very much complementary to some of the markets that we serve on the electric distribution side as well and their growth prospects are promising. Natural gas infrastructure replacement programs from increased regulatory oversight, regulation and new housing starts. Already in a week, I've gotten some good comments from customers, very positive comments. Glad that they are a part of the Hubbell organization. That business, we expect, should contribute at least a couple of points of new growth for this year. Let me comment a bit specifically about the quarter. We had sales of $830 million and our acquisition growth, a big part of our strategy, was offset by organic declines and FX. With mixed markets within the quarter, our lighting -- our core C&I brands within lighting were up double digits. The residential construction mark was up mid-single digits. Power systems saw growth in telecom offset by some transmission market weakness, we think largely from timing of projects and not underlying weakness. But the harsh and hazardous market continued to be weak and our broader industrial markets continue to be weakened. Our operating margins for the quarter of 13.5% were impacted by restructuring about 80 basis points. We continue to fight the mixed headwinds, particularly significant on the electrical side, but we've also had the advantage of some favorable price, cost and productivity as the material cost tailwind across Hubbell has been offsetting some of the price erosion we've seen on the electrical segment. All that giving us diluted earnings per share of $1.06 or $1.31 excluding restructuring and related costs and the reclassification. Let me turn it over to Bill and he can give you a little more granularity into the quarter and end-year's results. Bill?
Bill Sperry: Thanks, Dave, very much. Good morning, everybody. Thank you all for joining us. I'm going to use the slides as we always do to help guide my comments here this morning and on page 3 of those slides, Dave just gave you the highlights of the summary of the $830 million in sales, OP margin of 14.3% and the $1.31 EPS. On page 4, we cover our sales by end market and this really helps us illustrate the bifurcated nature of our end markets and a theme that we're going to talk quite a bit about as we discuss margins which is the negative mix effect which has been impacting is all year. You can see the green arrows here between our residential and nonresidential construction markets have provided us attractive growth throughout the quarter, but the industrial markets are negative led by oil and gas and certainly seeping into the rest of the general manufacturing area. And the declines in industrial were strong enough to overcome the lift for us provided by the construction markets, so you can see the down 3% organic. We were able to offset that with three points of acquisitions and I will just give you a little bit of commentary on the acquisition program. You've got, contributing to our sales in 2015, the deals that were completed in 2014 and 2015. Over that two-year span, we have eight different contributing acquisitions, about $250 million invested over that timeframe. Those acquisitions were in both segments and across all four operating units, so a nice, broad acquisition program helping to contribute and offset that organic sales decline. On the FX side, headwind for us, this is really a sales chart, but just to comment on FX, we believe we had about a $0.20 impact on earnings from FX, affecting us at the sales and OP line from translation, but the transactional impact also being very significant. The payers that mattered most to us included the Canadian dollar, the British pound and the Mexican peso, so strong dollar negatively impacting us there. Page 5, switching to gross margin and S&A expense and I'm going to be using adjusted margins from here on out, just to help make the two periods more comparable and Dave mentioned the restructuring adjustment that is being made there. At the gross line, you see 32.6% in our fourth quarter, largely impacted by the negative mix of the decline of industrial being replaced with C&I volume. On the S&A side, you seeing a pickup to 18.3% of sales. The dollar increase there was largely driven by acquired S&A, so certainly as we acquire new businesses, they come on at slightly less efficient S&A structures in the first year that we own them, but it is a good reminder for us, because we expect to be acquisitive. We've got to continue to work on S&A in order to keep that number flat or down as a percentage of sales. On page 6 we flip to operating profit margin. $119 million at 14.3% margin, a decline of 120 basis points driven by those drivers of both gross and S&A that we've discussed primarily on the mix side and the acquisition side. Page 7 deals with the non-operating expense which is primarily net interest expense comparable between the two periods and our tax rate was a bit lower in the fourth quarter with some lower discrete adjustments this year and comparable R&D tax extenders included in both fourth quarter periods. Net income, as a result, on page 8, was $76 million, a decrease of 10% and EPS of $1.31, down slightly less than that 10% as we bought some shares during the year. We purchased effectively approximately 800,000 shares during the year, the majority of that was early in the year and, as Dave said, we only had a couple of days, buying days left after our December 23 reclass, but we did restart the share repurchase program then. Starting on page 9, now we'll switch to a segment discussion and we will start with the electrical segment and here you see that effect of the mix and the bifurcated markets that we've discussed. Similar to the company, had organic sales down 3% with FX headwinds of 2% and the acquisitions offsetting about two points of that resulting in a three point decline to $586 million. Again, you see on the non-res side and residential, good growth, the resi business grew for us in the mid-single digits during the quarter. On the non-res side, C&I business generally grew in the high single digits and the core section of our C&I lighting business growing at double digits during the quarter. Unfortunately, on the harsh and hazardous side, we were down about 30% in the fourth quarter. And the industrial side, we also saw weakness, particularly on the heavy industrial area where we were down some double digits in some of those markets. Again, you see strength on the construction side, weakness on the industrial side. The result on our performance of that mix led to a decline in OP margin down to 11.7% and despite the favorability of price, cost and productivity, not able to overcome that powerful mix headwind. The power segment enjoyed quite a nice quarter as you can see on page 10. Again, you see some flat markets there with FX headwinds and a slight organic headwind, but our power acquisition program able to offset those. And really within the organic side, we saw flat contribution from the distribution side of the business, lower transmission spending as a result of projects being pushed out and that lower transmission partially offset by some growth on the telecommunications side which we had talked about earlier in the year with you. That organic of minus one and flat overall shows the deceleration we've seen in the power segment through the year. Dave made some mention for the whole company opening strong in the fourth quarter. Power business opened similarly strong, high single digits and ending flat as you see a steady decel during the year there for the power top line. At the OP line, you see $50 million of operating profit and 20.6%. Nice improvement in the OP margins. Here we have good productivity programs in excess of cost increases and importantly the transactional FX effects that they were seeing, they were largely able in some of their international markets, particularly Canada, to offset some of that with price. The result is a beneficial operating profit margin. The fact that there is material cost tailwind in there leads to just a comment on my part that difficult to sustain those margins, I believe, because of that tailwind that's inherent in there. Fourth quarter cash flow on page 11. You see the lower income as well as higher CapEx spending. $7 million extra spent on CapEx. Those are quite important to help us drive our productivity and so as a result, you see the lower free cash flow for the quarter. Now the comments will switch over to looking at the full-year and you see approximately $3.4 billion of sales, a 1% increase which is -- got no help from organic, so a flat organic contribution there. FX headwinds of 2% and the acquisition program able to provide three points of growth to make it a net growth year, so good contribution from our investing activity there. The operating profit side, we earned 15.1% adjusted basis, a decline of 50 basis points, really a function of mix there, overcoming good contributions from price, cost, productivity favorability, as well as, some early savings from our restructuring activities that we've done starting the fourth quarter of last year and through the beginning part of this year. The EPS line of $5.52 generating essentially a flat earnings performance for us for the year. Now we will talk about the segments for the year and I think you'll find the trends quite similar to those that we discussed for the fourth quarter. You see the same characterization of harsh and hazardous markets being down. They were down about 24% for the year and meanwhile, we had residential growth in the mid-single digits and C&I growth across non-res in the high single digits and yet industrial weakness as well. All that driving essentially a flat sales profile in our electrical segment. And that unfavorable mix and the FX headwinds creating margin compression to 13.1% despite the favorable price, cost, productivity efforts that we had. Power segment on page 14. You see a couple of notable levels achieving $1 billion of sales and $200 million of operating profit, so I congratulate that team on generating that performance. Again, you see very attractive contributions from acquisitions at 4% helping drive that growth. The distribution markets were essentially flat for us for the year and some delay in the transmission projects, a similar theme as in the fourth quarter, but growth in the telecommunications work, that netting out to a positive organic year. On the OP side, 20.1% margin, a healthy increase driven by the same factors that we discussed in 4Q, namely the productivity helping with some of the material cost favorability and being able to offset some of the transactional FX with some price increases. That dynamic will be interesting to continue to watch for us. The full-year cash flow for 2015, again, you see lower income, D&A higher as a result of both the capital expenditures and spending on acquisitions. Working capital was a lower use, so more efficient working capital with a low growth year and we had a lower source on the other line there driven by deferred taxes. You see $17 million more spent on CapEx there and then maybe just give you a little bit of a flavor on that CapEx, I would say that that $77 million exceeds our depreciation levels, so I would describe that as a net investing level of spending. A high percentage of those dollars were put into the lighting and the power systems businesses. Places where we're seeing good growth and the IRR is quite attractive on each of those CapEx projects, so I think that spending is quite constructive for us, so the result was meeting the target of 90% of net income. Capital structure on page 16. Some notables here to pause on. You see cash at $344 million. That's essentially, at this point, all international cash. You see that we issued some commercial paper towards the end of the year, nearly $50 million. And you see the debt to cap increasing up to 27%. You also see down at the revolver line, in December we closed on a new increased five-year revolver up to $750 million. We think that upsizing is important to help support our acquisition program of which Dave described the new Lyall acquisition, a $130 million acquisition already, so the new year is off to a good start in terms of our investing. So, the year in review, we had really no help from our end markets. We had FX headwinds and we were trying hard to overcome headwinds in the industrial end markets, so our acquisitions helped us push growth to up 1%. The operating profit margins, 15.1% at attractive levels, but down 50 basis points over last year with very powerful mix headwinds to overcome. I think it is worth calling out the good performance in the power segment and contributions they made. And I think it's worth also calling out the strong contributions from the lighting platform that it was within the electrical segment, but nice growth and nice profit margin expansion. So we got good earnings contributions from our lighting partners and still big headwinds obviously on the industrial side of the company which causes us to keep our focus on our cost competitiveness. We invested $0.45 in restructuring and related activities. Dave mentioned the 350 positions in the 12 facilities and I think maybe just to give you a little bit more color on that, I think it's reasonably balanced spending between headcount reduction, footprint consolidation and functional redesign where we're taking advantage of our scale and competing collectively. And I think good results in terms of seeing $0.10 of savings already this year and we continue to expect the $0.30 of incremental savings next year. And so, as Dave commented, concluded the year on 23rd of December with the reclassification of the equity structure. That kind of wraps up the quarter and the year from my perspective and I am just going to pass it back to Dave to give you our outlook for 2016.
Dave Nord: Okay. Thanks, Bill. Certainly 2015 was a challenging year. Navigated a lot of things and it's a year we're quite frankly glad to have behind us. Let's talk about what we've got in front of us now. First let's talk a bit about the end markets and the way we see the end markets and our participation in them. I would say that overall we're a little bit cautious. A year ago we thought we were feeling good about the markets and we were surprised as they've drifted down and weakened a little bit and so we have to take that into account as we're looking at our outlook for this year. If I start on the upper right of the pie, first on the electrical transmission and distribution, that market we see still being up 1% to 2%, really no change from our last look to that with distribution flat and transmission being up. On both the resi and the non-residential construction related, those two buys together are both looking at 3% to 5%. I think certainly on the non-residential, that's down from three months ago when we were thinking it was more like 5% to 7%. I know there are a lot of reports out there that also suggest that it could be stronger, but there's also a lot of the tone and bias seems to be more concerned about the contagion, similar to what we experienced this year from the oil markets drifting into the industrial markets, does that start to impact the non-residential construction, in particular, next year. And we're trying to validate that with our channel partners, as well as third-party sources and what other market participants are saying. We hope that is conservative. I think certainly the low end of that I think is conservative and if we're wrong and if the market turns out to be better, we will deliver better results. The industrial markets, we see as flat to down. You know, our core industrial market down mid-single digits and that continues to show some weakness, but we expect that will start to flatten out as the year progresses. And then on the oil and gas business, down 15% to 20%. Interestingly, I think if we go back to last year, it played out, at least from a calendar standpoint similar to what we expected where it started modestly down and continued to deteriorate and the fourth quarter ended up down, as Bill mentioned, pretty much at the levels we expected. It just -- the decline started sooner, so the full-year was weaker and we still think there is a little more of that to go into next year, at least as we're looking at the market. That's why we see it down 15% to 20% and that's what we're planning for. I think if you turn the page to page 19, we start to put it in context first on the sales side so what does that all mean? The flat markets, in the aggregate, doesn't mean flat growth for us. We're planning organic growth to outperform those end markets and I think I have some reason to have confidence in that in going through with all of our business leaders as to how they are approaching it and one of the key drivers to that, I would say is important that a large contingent of senior leadership team has a part of their compensation tied to growth and profitable growth. What gets measured gets managed and what gets rewarded gets achieved. I think there clearly is a focus across our entire business to make sure we're truly doing everything we can to outperform the end markets. We're not happy with the end markets, but they are what they are. Our job is to try and outperform them. Acquisitions remain a key part of the growth strategy. Bill talked about and I mentioned Lyall already and we're going to continue to look at acquisitions to add to our portfolio and to continue to grow. Unfortunately, the downside, we're still facing some FX headwinds. Just if rates remain at the levels they are today, that's lower than they were on average last year, so that's something that were going to have to navigate through. On the operating margin, we've got some key drivers there with many moving parts, but with opportunities and potential offsets. First and foremost, is the restructuring savings. We're looking at $0.30 of savings from last year's restructuring actions, consistent with our prior expectations. But, we have to take another round of restructuring. We have been signaling that for a while and right now, it looks like we're planning to be at the high end of that with another $0.35. A lot of good projects initiated by the business. Some of those are the ongoing efforts to respond to the lower oil prices and the impact on that market. We've got, on the plus side, we've got share repurchases and the benefit that we expect to see from that up to the $250 million expected. Once we've got the reclassification behind us we were able to get back into the market. We're still dealing with some headwinds against those profit targets. We, unfortunately, continue to have to deal with and hopefully not for much longer, some of the mix headwinds from the oil and gas and the industrial business which more than offset the benefit that we get from the construction uptick. Pricing, there is some price headwind as we look into the next year. Generally, our price lags the material cost, so we've had some of the benefit of the lower material costs while maintaining price, but we expect more price pressure next year. Our overall price, cost and productivity that we try to neutralize on an annual basis, we're expecting that to be slightly negative particularly because of price. But we're continuing to invest in the business. Part of the growth comes from investments, whether it's on the engineering and sales side on power systems. Great business, but you've got to keep redeveloping, reinventing and selling those products. Some investments in getting into new markets and new customers and the cost to do that. And then some of the investments on the technology and market implications around lighting. The currency will continue to provide a little bit of headwind for us next year and we also have pension expense headwind, mainly due to the negative asset returns we saw in 2015. So, all of that, the pluses and minuses still give us better earnings next year. We're looking at earnings per share of $5.20 to $5.40 and that includes the $0.35 in restructuring that we talked about. And we're going to continue to position our cost structure. It's been focused on, continues to focus on long term, sustainable, profitable earnings growth whether it's on the top line or on the cost structure, all intended to increase shareholder value. Our free cash flow outlook, as of now, is at 90% of net income and I think that is a reflection of continued focus on investing in the business, particularly on the capital side, but I will tell you that that is one as we have become a net borrower and in a true net debt position, I think Bill and the team are very focused on the continued generation of strong cash flow. A couple of closing comments before we open it up to questions, I think as I mentioned 2015 was a challenging year, one we're glad to have behind us, but it was also, you can't lose sight of the fact that it was a year of really some very significant change. Not the least of which was the simplification of our capital structure, but not lost is record cost reduction actions at levels that we've never seen before and the successful execution of those. Continued investment across the board whether you look at CapEx, dividends, share repurchase and acquisitions and we expect that to continue. All that and at levels, despite the tough markets, at levels that were higher than in 2014, except for maybe share repurchase where we had a little period that we were blacked out of the market, but based on our 250, clearly we're going back in the other direction. We've also, last year, had significant organizational and leadership changes and those new leaders in the businesses, they took on the roles mid-year and they are clearly owning their businesses this year and are very focused on delivering. And you're going to have a chance to see those who you haven't seen, yet, in the market when we meet at our investor day in March. I think a lot of, particularly around the leadership change, is a result of our long term attention to leadership development and succession planning and a big part of that, a big contributor to that I would like to just mention is Gary Amato. Gary was the Executive Vice President of our electrical segment and you will note that he retired at the end of last year and that was consistent with the succession plan we put in place for many years. Gary's been with Hubbell for more than 25 years, he's instrumental in developing the electrical segment team that's in place now. When I joined Hubbell in 2005, he was running simply what you may recall was the industrial technology business which if I recall was about a $100 million segment. And he's taken on more and more responsibility. And you think about what he is done and what he's taken on, his contributions are great. We want to thank him for those contributions. The other leadership change I don't want to lose sight of, most recently, is the appointment of Maria to take on the treasurer's role, as well. So she did such a fine job on investor relations and strategic planning, we gave her more responsibilities. She now is in a role to have to try and help us execute on all the great investment ideas that you've shared with her over the last year and she's got a great supporting cast with Steve Beers, so I think you all get to enjoy spending more time with her. With that, thanks for joining us and let me turn it over to Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from the line of Rich Kwas, Wells Fargo Securities. Your line is open.
Rich Kwas: Just on the harsh and hazardous exposure, Dave, could you just update where your cost structure is, at this point? Obviously, oil has come down in terms of pricing here in the last few months and I think for I recall you were sized for a $50 environment. What's the update there?
Dave Nord: I think we're, I would say we're $50 or below, but were not at $35 and so there is more actions to occur there. And I would say the best way to look at it is in the $0.35 that we have next year, about a third of that is still associated with actions around those businesses. Okay?
Rich Kwas: Okay. And then on the power margin, you had a very strong year, relatively speaking, fourth quarter was very good. I know you've talked about the pricing actions that helped 2015 margins and it's unlikely that margins are likely to come down. Is there any way to think about that in terms of cadence of how projects play out and what you're seeing in the underlying business?
Bill Sperry: Yes, I think, Rich, the distribution side, as you know, for us is a larger piece and tends to be, has been a little bit more stable. The transmission projects, while our sales folks and specifiers were working with our customers and we had activity, a lot of those projects got pushed out a little bit. For us, the cadence was significant deceleration during the year, driven by some of those transmission project push out. Our expectation is those projects land in 2016, but that was an underlying driver for decelerating growth rates down to flat as the year ended.
Rich Kwas: Okay. So, on the pricing front there, is that going to be, I assume that is going to be a part of the story in terms of--
Bill Sperry: Yes. I think pricing, I don't want to be misleading and say that the power segment has pricing power within the typical U.S. segment, I think that would be the wrong takeaway. You know, they were forced with FX adjusted rising costs north of the border, raised prices and were able to get some of that and to your point, how long does that hang on or does that switch or erode. It's difficult to predict, but I think you are right to say difficult to hold those margins at that level as a result.
Rich Kwas: Okay and then on the buyback of the 250, my impression was that you were going to be pretty active here once the share request got passed. Sounds like you were toward the end of the year. Should we assume this is going to be more front end loaded? I can't really measure what the bar is there in terms of EPS contribution. I don't want to get out my ruler right now, but I just wanted to get your thoughts here on, should we assume this is going to be front end loaded versus, it gives the impression that maybe it is going to be more of a gradual pace but I just want to clear that up.
Bill Sperry: I do like the image of thinking of you with your ruler on that page, but you're right that the 10b-5 allowed us to be purchasing over year-end and through January which would typically be a blacked out period. We become open market a few days from now and go restricted again in the middle of March, so, you're right to assume that we'd be able to get most of that in during the first part of the year. We've also, the bar is maybe a little smaller than you drew it, because we're assuming, you saw that we had about $50 million of CP, Rich, at year-end. We spent $130 million on an acquisition last week. We're spending actively on share repurchases and I think this could give us an opportunity to term out some of that CP, so we would expect some new interest expense next year and we've allocated a portion of that to that bar, so just as you think about the impact, we were tying some interest to that, just as we all have our rulers out on that.
Rich Kwas: Okay. Just a quick follow-up on the deal, you paid $130 million. What's the revenue contribution or was it trailing the 2015 number?
Bill Sperry: Yes. Dave talked a couple of points. So you're in the $75 million range there and a really interesting business. We had made acquisitions, for those who follow us closely, in Continental Industries, as well as a company called GasBreaker, so this is now our third acquisition in the space. And it's, as Dave said, always good to get customer feedback that they are appreciating Hubbell having a broader product range in the space. It's really an MRO-driven business where you have the specified brands and trying to help those customers keep that both resi and commercial and industrial applications there of the last mile of the natural gas distribution system. So nice product build out that we've done there over the last couple of years.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Nigel Coe, Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Nigel Coe: Just want to start off with, we all know that 4Q was weakened. We just saw the duplicate orders came out and they were horrific in December. I know January is a very minor month for the year, but anything unusual you have seen in January today?
Dave Nord: We have not seen anything unusual, Nigel, in January, yet. It is tracking more normal than January usually does. January, as you know, has a lot of volatility, depending on what kind of actions occurred in the fourth quarter and around year-end. And we actually found that the end of the year was a little bit better from a book-to-bill than it has historically been. It's still always a low period. But it was a little bit better, so that was a positive sign for us, at least going into the year, that we weren't going to start in a big hole or that there was really some big warning signs. But that said, it's not great demand, but nothing is unusual that we're seeing yet.
Nigel Coe: That's really interesting. And then you called up the 12 facility exits through the year and I think you talked about maybe up to 30 potential actions at a time, so you're a good way through that program. Any sense on where we're in terms of square footage reduction within this restructuring program?
Bill Sperry: I think we're thinking, Nigel, there will be another four facilities that would be impacted this year. That would get you up to 16. As Dave said, I think the harsh and hazardous business still needs some investigating, so the path there continues. I think you're right, we feel like we got off to a good start, but you're right to point out there's still a lot of opportunity there for us on the square footage side.
Nigel Coe: Okay. And then just a quick one on power margins, Bill, you obviously called out the sustainability of power margins is going to be tough to maintain. Was the comment about the absolute level of margins or the rare expansion of margins?
Bill Sperry: Yes, I think the absolute level is void right now with some sticking price and some material tailwinds. And just to recall for everybody, Nigel, our power business has a lower gross margin and so therefore more material in the OP margin and so they are vulnerable to, they are vulnerable to commodity price swings. I think on our last call, we spent some time answering questions about when commodities rise, will that inflection create a problem and it feels like that question may be off the table for a while as commodities stay down and it becomes a little bit more how does price chase that? But I think your understanding of that is right, Nigel.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Christopher Glynn, Oppenheimer. Your line is open.
Christopher Glynn: In the roughly $30 million restructuring for this year, not sure if you alluded to how to allocate that both during the year and across the segments. Maybe if you could just give some rough guidelines there to help the model out.
Bill Sperry: Yes, Chris. You're talking about for next year and we were talking about $0.35 and I don't think we would quarterize that for you. The way this past year went, we had the second and third quarters have a higher, as a head and shoulders look to the year. This year, I think, yes this year in 2016 might be a little more equal amongst the quarters. Where it gets lumpy is with some of the buildings, but I think our expectation being a little more even than last year.
Maria Lee: And across the segments it's mostly in the electrical segment which is similar to this year. There is some in power, but it is more electrical weighted.
Christopher Glynn: And just sticking with the power system margin trends. You've given a lot of color there and some good concepts to help us think about it, but if we look at margins being about flat in the fourth quarter, with the middle quarters, typically there is a seasonal step down there, so it indicates that there was actually some accelerating favorable performance there, so quarter to quarter, you know, I don't know what the price favorability movements were, but when you talk about some reversion potential there, you also have acquisition integrations. You had 4% contribution top line which were dilutive. Are we talking differences at the margin, here, in terms of the profitability indices that might come through?
Bill Sperry: Yes. I would say so. The price was a meaningful contributor. If you didn't have that, that would have had an important impact and again, the material tailwind, so to have those two things in concert, I just think and if you go back and did a histogram, I think there has been a quarter, the third quarter, a number of years ago, Chris, where we maybe had a 23% margin, so you can get these quarterly distortions and I'm pointing that out. It's a great business with nice margins, I just think it would be wrong to assume we're adding 25 basis points a year to 20% margins. I think that's not right.
Maria Lee: And to the point of the fourth quarter being higher than maybe seasonally where you'd see a step-down, the material costs and, actually, the price, too, they were -- the favorability on a year-over-year basis increased throughout the quarters of the year. So it actually, there was more commodity tailwind in the fourth quarter than there was in the second and third.
Christopher Glynn: Okay, so we will take the quote unquote warning type comments as more relative to the fourth quarter run rates than some of the other quarters. And then on the deal flow, just wondering if you could update on what the competition looks like for larger deals relative to the smaller ones? And you mentioned terming out some of the revolver potentially or the CP. Does that speak to the larger deal pipeline at all?
Bill Sperry: Yes. I think, Chris, I would say the deal pipeline is active. I would describe it as business as usual. To do eight deals over the past couple of years before Lyall, where the average deal size was kind of $30 million, that sort of deal is like business as usual. I think the ability to do those is embedded in our cash flow generation. The bigger deals, I think there is still opportunity out there. There will be things we consider, but I would say the borrowing could be done just on the basis of what we see near term in the pipeline. We don't need a big deal, I don't think, to get to that point is what I'm saying.
Christopher Glynn: To term out?
Bill Sperry: Yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeffrey Sprague, Vertical Research Partners. Your line is open.
Jeffrey Sprague: A couple of things, could you just run us through lighting in a little bit more detail? There were some comments there, but what did total lighting do and then what did C&I versus resi look like? And if you can update us on the performance of LED within that, that would be great.
Bill Sperry: Yes, Jeff, so the resi side of lighting for the year grew in the mid-single digits. The C&I side overall grew high single digits and the core part of that C&I was in double digits and we enjoyed attractive margin expansion in the order of magnitude of 150 basis points or so. So it was a good, solid performance by those guys and good, healthy contributions to our earnings.
Jeffrey Sprague: And how much did the LED portion of the business grow?
Bill Sperry: The penetration rates there are up over 60% at this point, continues to outgrow the overall platform.
Jeffrey Sprague: Okay. And when you say core C&I up double digits, you are excluding harsh and hazardous and just looking at the core commercial growth?
Bill Sperry: Yes and excluding some of the distortions we get on some of the national account business, too.
Jeffrey Sprague: Okay. I just wanted to come back to restructuring. There's a couple of questions about that. 350 people out, some of that is headquarters, it sounds like. But even if it was all in the plants, that's like 29 people per plant. How many really small sub scale plants are there? You've obviously rolled up a lot of small businesses over time. I'd like to get a better idea of actually how far through this process you are and maybe put differently, how big of an opportunity remains to perhaps really rationalize this footprint?
Dave Nord: Well, a couple of things, Jeff. First of all, I think you have to look at the distribution of our employee base and just under half is in low-cost country. Between China, Mexico, some higher cost international, so when we look at that 350, it is really focused on our domestic workforce largely. In particular it's focused on our salaried domestic workforce, because the hourly workforce is flexed more naturally. It actually was a big component of our salaried workforce, but still more to go. I would say sitting here today there's probably, I don't have the specific numbers, yet defined for this year, but there's probably going to be at least half that level this year as we approach salaries. And depending on, as we get into looking at some of the markets and some of the facility rationalization. Part of what we're doing with the facility rationalization, it's some onesies and twosies that you get for headcount. It's really the efficiency you get from getting out of that facility with all of the peripheral infrastructure cost, whether it is network, computers, rent and the like. There's a little bit of a trade-off there when we look at it simply on a headcount basis.
Jeffrey Sprague: That is what I was getting at is if you were starting today with a clean sheet of paper, I would think you would have fewer larger plants that were maybe plants within a plant. You still need a lot of flexibility and you've got a lot of skus. But if you really thought about an ideal footprint, can you give us an idea of how far along you are in the process?
Dave Nord: To an ideal footprint? We still have some ways to go to an ideal footprint. There are two key issues relative to our footprint strategy. One is the cost of exiting large facilities is pretty high and so to make sure that you can and the risks of that are equally high and so we have to make sure we're very deliberate about that and that we can do it successfully and make it economically feasible. The other is that some of the smaller plants have some really key knowledge in those plants around that production and so I can sit with my former finance hat on and say very simply we should have a third fewer plants. Until I put on my operating hat and I go out and see what they do and say, boy, that is not the easiest thing to move and boy, that's a pretty high margin product that we're serving a customer with, so not so sure we can do that. So that's the give and take that, it's there, but it takes longer to get to. Certainly we've been doing it and I think the lighting business has demonstrated, out of necessity, the need to move more aggressively and they have been doing some of that, but I think the other businesses are still evolving on that side of it and that's something were working on.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Tusa, JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Steve Tusa: I'm not sure I picked up on it, but can you maybe just tell us what the price was revenue wise for the fourth quarter and then what you expect it to be here for the year?
Maria Lee: Yes. The price impact on sales in the fourth quarter was roughly about a point.
Steve Tusa: A point positive?
Maria Lee: Yes.
Steve Tusa: Okay. And then what do expect it to be for 2016?
Maria Lee: In the range of half a point or so of negative.
Steve Tusa: Of negative? Half a point of negative. Okay.
Maria Lee: Yes.
Steve Tusa: Got it and what are you guys, maybe just expand a bit on the verticals within non-res and what you are seeing slow the most there relative to what you'd expected three months ago.
Bill Sperry: You know, I think, Steve, we focus on the cross-section there. I don't think we feel terribly skewed one way or the other either regionally or by vertical and so I think we always frustrate everybody by not providing lots of insight into the verticals.
Operator: I will now turn the call back to our presenters for closing remarks.
Maria Lee: All right. That concludes today's call. Thanks for joining us. Steve and I will be available following the call all day for questions. Thanks, again.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect. Thank you.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-10-22 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Maria R. Lee - Vice President-Corporate Strategy & Investor Relations David G. Nord - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer William R. Sperry - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President
Analysts: Rich M. Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Christopher D. Glynn - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. (Broker) Charles Stephen Tusa - JPMorgan Securities LLC Jeffrey T. Sprague - Vertical Research Partners LLC Mike Wood - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.
Operator: Good morning. My name is Tracy, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Hubbell Incorporated Third Quarter Earnings Results Conference Call. As a reminder, today's conference call is being recorded. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. Thank you. Ms. Maria Lee, you may begin your conference.
Maria R. Lee - Vice President-Corporate Strategy & Investor Relations: Thanks, Tracy. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. I'm joined today by our President and Chief Executive Officer, Dave Nord, and our Chief Financial Officer, Bill Sperry. Hubbell announced its third quarter results for 2015 this morning. The press release and earnings slide materials have been posted to the Investors section of our website at www.hubbell.com. Please note that our comments this morning may include statements related to the expected future results of our company and are forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Therefore, please note the discussion of forward-looking statements in our press release and consider it incorporated by reference into this call. In addition, comments may also include non-GAAP financial measures. Those measures are reconciled to the comparable GAAP measures and are included in the press release and the earnings slide materials. We also call you attention to the Other legends in the presentation, which note among other things that this presentation is not an offer to sell or solicitation of an offer to buy any securities or solicitation of any vote or approval. Now let me turn the call over to Dave.
David G. Nord - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Okay. Thanks, Maria. Welcome, everybody. Thanks for joining us today. As you can see, we've  our story has gotten a little more complicated, so let me just try to simplify it as much as I can and really focus on a few highlights and what's the takeaway today. Certainly challenging markets that we faced, but despite that, our performance in the third quarter was better than we expected. As we look at it, it's probably $0.03 or $0.04 better than we were anticipating. And that's  we've got near-term market headwinds that we're facing. But we're taking the actions around those market headwinds, aggressive actions, which we're starting to some of the benefits on and we'll see more benefits going forward. Recall during the quarter, we launched a proposal for reclassification of our  and simplification of our capital structure and we've announced plans for more aggressive capital deployment around share repurchase and ongoing acquisitions as a part of our strategy continues. The market, as I say, has been mixed and some even very uncertain. The good news is non-res leading indicators suggest continued growth but even within the quarter there were some shaky data points in August when ABI bounced back low and came back, recently has come back, the Dodge data is up. So that's a positive. Housing market's continuing to show growth and homebuilder overconfidence I saw is at a 10-year high, it doesn't necessarily mean that the volume of activity is at a 10-year high, and I think there's certainly some constraints in that market around labor in particular. The utility market, performing as expected and it's the industrial trends that continue to be a challenge and suggest  continue to suggest weakening beyond the oil market's volatility. Our business mirrors that macro environment. I've spent a lot of time over the last quarter in the market with customers and I hear a lot of the same things that we were facing, a lot of softness, certainly in the month of August, like we experienced. I think the consensus view is it felt like the world took the month of August off on vacation and that was very concerning to us but fortunately that  while that continued into the early part of September, we certainly saw that begin to recover as the month of September progressed. Many of you had the opportunity to meet the heads of our lighting and Power businesses at investor conferences and hopefully you appreciated to get to hear from them directly the trends they're seeing in the business, including the LED penetration opportunities at lighting and the telecom fiber buildout that's fueling some of the growth in our Power Systems business. I recently spent some time at a training program for the Power Systems group and it's great to see not  what has historically been a very strong commitment to the organization, but it really was even more apparent that the level of energy and focus and really creativity that's coming out of that team is helping to drive their success. So, against this  all of this backdrop, we're reporting our third quarter results and despite the markets that we can't control, we're focused on what we can control, we're taking the actions on both the costs and investing in the business. So, you see  and I'll start on page four of the slides. We're reporting sales of $877 million, that's up 2%, acquisitions being a contributor  the sales are down 2%, but acquisitions contributing 2% of growth offset by currency headwind of two points and then the result of the organic decline of two points. Now, I think that's the simplistic view of the organic decline. Certainly, we think there is an element of that resulting from destocking in the channel. It's difficult to quantify precisely, but it certainly would be  we think it's somewhere in the range of at least a point or two. And then I think it's the first quarter that we've seen a price headwind, that took about a half a point off. So absent those, I think the core volume all-in is flat to slightly up, and that's around our mixed markets, that's what we've been dealing with. Some of the markets are good, some not so good. So the non-res and res  residential has been solid. The core C&I brands, lighting up double-digits and the residential business up mid single-digits, obviously harsh and hazardous continued to be weak and with the broader industrial markets continuing to slow. In Power Systems, performance was impacted by on the positive side, continued growth in telecom offset by some of the weakness in transmission because of project delays. So that's the top line. Our operating margin of  reported of 14.9%, importantly includes the impact of restructuring which is about 140 basis points. So on an adjusted basis, we reported operating margin up 40 basis points, despite the lower volume. A lot of that attributable to the material cost favorability, despite some of the price headwind, but we do have unfavorable currency and some of the acquisitions in the early stages have certainly come online and they're a drag to margin. So all that giving us diluted earnings per share of $1.27, obviously if you exclude the restructuring as well as the cost that we incurred in the quarter associated with the reclassification, those were $0.13 each, we get to $1.53 on an adjusted basis. Obviously that one item around the re-class is a new item, it's a cost associated that occurred to-date around our proposed reclassification, and we'll talk more about the impact of that on the rest of the year. Turn to page five, some of the highlights. We continue to invest in the business. We acquired a natural gas flow valve manufacturer in our construction and energy group, closed in September, nice complement to some of the existing product offerings in that energy sector. We're also continuing to invest in operational efficiencies, including preparing for the expansion of manufacturing capabilities in lower cost areas. And then, I've been walking a lot of the plant floors lately and one of the things that I've been impressed with  two things  one, is seeing the benefit of the lean journey that we've been on and a lot of the operating efficiencies that that has been driving and more importantly, seeing that there is even more opportunities from the continuation of that as well as our investments in restructuring. Examples have been where we've taken that lean capability, reduced the utilized footprint and made room for that  for a particular facility to absorb some of the operations from the facilities that we're closing. We've also been investing in new products, whether it's in our commercial construction business, an innovative product that incorporates fittings into the metal box, making it for a simpler product, more economical for installation. We're expanding on the lighting side, our LED product offerings into more complex applications, providing a lot more growth opportunity in that business. On the restructuring side, big part of the activity that we've been working very diligently on this year. In the quarter, we spent just under $12 million, $0.13 of earnings per share, bringing our year-to-date total to $0.37. We continue to exit facilities, bringing our total to eight for the year. And importantly, what's not exited, but certainly initiated in the third quarter, was the announced closing of one of the larger facilities in the lighting platform in Southern California, where we're going to move that capability down the road into a low cost operation that's a very highly efficient operation of ours south of the border. Continue to align our staffing levels with the weak market conditions in those businesses that have challenging markets. And we'll continue to make progress on our back office streamlining. And lastly, but certainly not least, we announced our share reclassification in the third quarter. The reclass is progressing as expected. We filed an updated S-4 yesterday, in response to SEC comments. Not substantially different from our prior filing, but addresses a tax question they had, and some additional disclosures that they were requiring. Schedule's on track with expectations, currently contemplates working toward a tentative record date of November 6. And so the timeline remains consistent, shareholder vote expected late this year or early next year. So before I turn it over to Bill, let me just add that earlier this week we announced a 13% increase in our dividend. This reflects a 12% compound annual growth rate in our dividend over the last five years. So with that, let me turn it over to Bill and you can go through some of the details of the quarter, Bill.
William R. Sperry - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Thanks, Dave. Good morning, everybody. Thanks for joining us, especially Mets fans who might have been up a little late celebrating last night. I'm on page six, talking about sales which Dave gave a good overview of. You can see at $877 million was a decline of 2%. As Dave said, the FX offset the acquisitions and the organic was down a couple points absorbing about a half point of price headwind in there which was borne most concentratedly in the Electrical segment. Just a word about the acquisitions, since they provided the 2% of lift. We had five different acquisitions contributing to that sales growth that have been acquired from November of last year through September of this year, and they're spread around the different segments and so I like how the business model is working where you're getting good non-organic growth from that capital deployment. Page seven we talk about gross margin and S&A. I want to just highlight for everybody the word adjusted that we're using in front of these measures going forward. We've got both restructuring and related costs as well as expenses associated with our reclassification that have been taken out in order to make sure we give you the best look into the core operations and how they're performing on a comparable basis. So our adjusted gross margin was up 90 basis points year-over-year to 34%. You see the favorable impact of material prices being really the big driver there for us. In order of importance, that's steel, copper and aluminum all helping to contribute to that tailwind. We also had productivity in excess of the cost increases and those helped us overcome the lower volume and the mix associated with the strength in the non-res side as opposed to the weakness on the industrial side that we mentioned. On the S&A side, you see a 60 basis point backup there to 17.7% of sales. The couple dollars of cost increase was really driven by our acquisitions and the decline in the sales denominator obviously helps bump up that percentage, but does highlight our need to make sure as we absorb our acquisitions we focus on cost management right away. On page eight, we talk about adjusted operating profit of $143 million. You see an improvement to 16.3% of sales, 40 basis points better than last year and again this is now just derived from essentially that gross margin improvement helped by the materials and productivity overcoming the acquisitions adding to the S&A cost. Page nine, we cover non-operating expense which is essentially for us interest expense, since we've got comparable levels of debt, you see quite a comparable level of non-op expense. On the tax rate, you'll see the 33% for the year, and again, I'll note the word adjusted there. We had the reclass expenses of about $7 million that we report in our non-op line. Those are nondeductible for tax purposes and so those would drive the effective tax rate up a couple points higher with those on a reported basis. Page 10 you see net income at $89 million, down about 1% from last year. The shares  adjusted earnings per share up 1% to $1.53 per share, driven by the lower share count. We had about 1.5 million fewer shares in this quarter's count resulting from the share repurchase activity that we did largely in the fourth quarter of last year and the first quarter of this year. I'm going to switch now to the segments on page 11 and we'll start with the third quarter for the Electrical segment. You see sales of $618 million down 4%. The Electrical segment is really seeing the pronounced mixed end market that Dave was highlighting. You see the fact that organic volume was down, FX was also down and the acquisitions provided a partial lift there. You really have the tale of both tapes here, where on the plus side you've got resi and non-residential markets doing quite well, the resi side being in the mid single digits up. The non-res, we're seeing our commercial construction business up mid single-digits and our lighting business had some of the core C&I lighting brands up about double-digits, while they had some of their national account and spec brands drag that performance for the whole down a little bit below those levels as those had some lumpiness and some project push outs in them. But on the downside, harsh and hazardous down about 27% for the quarter, in line with our expectations. I'll just remind everybody of the construct of our harsh and hazardous business, where it's about 50% domestic-international 50%-50%. It's about 80%-20% upstream versus downstream and it's about 60%-40% project versus MRO and I think those characteristics are quite important in dictating how well you can navigate the oil end market here. So a significant decline but as expected, the industrial business is also showing some softness. In particular, we're seeing differentiation between what we would call heavy industrial which was down mid single-digits versus the light industrial which is faring quite a bit better. So really mixed markets there for the Electrical segment, resulting in a net down organic. On the performance side, you see the maintenance of 14.4%, operating profit margins on adjusted basis, with OP at $89 million. That's basically the result of lower volume and mix, dragging that down, with the favorable impact of better prices  sorry, better material costs and productivity being in excess of costs, helping to overcome some of those volume declines. The Power segment on page 12, you'll see, had a very nice quarter, 2% growth to $260 million of sales. The acquisition side of the Power business really helping out, contributing four points to that growth, FX providing a two point offset there for a Power business that's influenced significantly by the reais in Brazil. And the organic business being flat, that's a little bit of a deceleration for the organic Power business, we've seen growth in the first two quarters and it's really the result, we think of some deferrals on the transmission side and the bright spot for Power has been the growth in the telecom where we've seen some of our enclosure businesses do quite well, in fiber to the home, the build-out of the last mile of that part of the network. The performance side, we see 100 basis point pickup to 20.8% of OP as a percentage of sales. Again, the material costs helping out our Power segment and their productivity program also kicking in. Our cash flow, for Q3 was about one-times net income, unfortunately, net income was lower than last year. You also saw working capital usage this year driven in large part by some investments we had in inventories as we try to keep up our service levels. And on the other line, you see some headwind on the cash flow side coming from the timing of taxes paid and deferred taxes. And CapEx you see that slight pickup which is supporting all the restructuring and productivity initiatives that Dave was highlighting. So I'll switch now on page 14 to the year-to-date results, you'll see a two point pickup in sales to $2.6 billion. Acquisitions were contributing 3% there, FX an offset of 2% and organic markets providing 1% of lift. You see at the OP line a 20 basis point decline to 15.4% of OP and at the adjusted EPS line, you see a 3% improvement to $4.21. The segments year-to-date have stories that are very consistent with the quarter. So I don't want to just overplay all the themes, but for the Electrical segment, the 1% growth at $1.8 billion of sales, but again the mixed market theme is the same, where we had strength in non-res and res and weakness in harsh and hazardous and industrial. So for the year-to-date period that harsh and hazardous business was down 20% and industrial was slowing a bit at minus 1% as compared to the non-res businesses which were growing in mid to high single-digits and the resi, in mid single-digits. So, mixed story, again the same as Q3. The operating profit line, see $243 million generated, 13.5% OP margin, decline of 80 basis points, resulting largely from the mix headwind that that differential in end markets causes for us as well as some of the FX impact on the transactional side. Year-to-date, again the Power story is very good, you see 6% growth, $758 million of sales, acquisitions continuing to contribute at 4 points. The organic through the first nine months at 3%, that fiber story in telecom helping as well as a little bit on the T&D side. At the operating profit level, you see 20% margins earned in the first nine months, 120 basis point increase from last year, helped significantly by the material cost benefit as well as leveraging the higher volumes. Cash flow year-to-date, $141 million of free cash flow, again the same story, lower income, slightly better working capital usage, you see there. And on the other, we had both deferred tax differential and pension funding that we had in this year that we didn't have last year. The higher CapEx is significant, again supporting the productivity initiatives that we've talked about and significantly, Dave mentioned the movement of that facility from Southern California into Tijuana was a big part of the increase of that CapEx. Capital structure, our net debt-to-cap going from a minus 4% net cash position to a 4% debt-to-cap. The $220 million decline you see there in cash largely driven by our acquisition and share repurchase activity during the first nine months of the year. So with that, I'm going to switch it back to Dave to go through our discussion of outlook and a quick preview of next year.
David G. Nord - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: All right. Thanks, Bill. So I'm on page 19, if you're following along. First, let me talk about how we see the rest of the year finishing out and what I like to say with nine months in the books, it should be pretty easy to predict. The fourth quarter is historically one of the more challenging just because of some of the dynamics that go on naturally in the buying channels, buying behaviors, order patterns and so it does make for a real challenge in forecasting some of our short cycle businesses. That said, we think the year is going to finish with sales, an increase of 1%, that would be with acquisitions to-date  done to-date contributing three points of growth and currency being a 2 point headwind. So end markets essentially flat, up a point. On the earnings per share side, we're tightening our range to $4.95 to $5.05 just taking $0.10 off the top, $0.05 off the mid-point. This includes $0.45 of restructuring related costs, so we've incurred  so, we'll have another $0.08 to $0.10 in the fourth quarter. It does (27:42) exclude, so that guidance does exclude the cost associated with the share reclassification. A couple reasons for that, one, it's clearly not an operational cost by any definition, whereas the restructuring and related has investments with future economic benefits that we can calculate. Secondly, it's uncertain, it's uncertain as to amount, and it's uncertain as to its conclusion, while we're working toward that plan, there's not a guarantee. If in fact, we do close, as we would hope on it this year, we think those costs  we estimate those costs currently at $0.35 per share, of which we had $0.13 in the third quarter. One of the things to note on those costs is, that the per share impact of it is fairly significant, because our current view of those costs is that we unfortunately don't get a tax shield on it as these are considered more capital costs, but we're working on that as well, okay. And then, our free cash flow, we're still targeting to be at 90% of net income. Let me turn now to 2016. Obviously, it's too early for specific guidance. We'll provide more detail as we typically do in January, but just a little sense of how we're looking at things preliminary, an early preview. I think, for the most part, most of our markets, end markets, we continue to see them to be up next year, continued improvement, and similar trends to what we've seen this year, but maybe with a little more moderation across all markets. The end markets are certainly mixed, but overall, I think they'll probably be up modestly 1% to 2%. Certainly, the construction related, both non-res and res continue to be positive and we see those in the 5% to 7% growth next year. The utility market, we think will still be a positive next year, up 1% to 2%. The industrial, we think will be flat to maybe up two points, certainly with the heavy industrial side of the equation down, but with light industrial still showing some positive growth. Obviously, that's something we're going to follow very closely as the year finishes to make sure that that still is valid. Then the harsh and hazardous business, we think is going to continue to be down next year but certainly at a more modest level than we've been dealing with this year, currently sizing that at around 10% down, okay, So modest end market growth in the aggregate. Acquisitions, certainly will remain a key part of our growth strategy. I think this year, as I talked about and Bill talked about, we've put up three points of growth from acquisitions, tell you that's lower than we had anticipated and that we typically would like to see. Some of that has to do with the volatility of the deals and the timing of the deals. We would normally like to see on a ongoing basis closer to twice that level. I think based on the level of activity that is going on in the market, I think we're certainly more likely to see that next year than this year, but as with all our deals, they're not final until we sign and close. But there is a lot certainly in the pipeline. Our operating margin, certainly, a lot of good stuff that we're going to be building off of. First the benefit of our restructuring investments. We continue to see that delivering about $0.30 of incremental profit next year. Of course, we're going to have to reinvest some of that in ongoing cost, as we've talked about. Currently, we're looking at that being possibly in the range of $0.25 to $0.35. The good news there is that, we've gotten a lot of attention, a lot of focus, a lot of energy in the organization, in identifying actions that need to occur to either respond to market weakness, but more importantly, take actions to set ourselves up for a more competitive cost structure, that will really support some of our growth objectives, certainly in key markets. Share repurchases, as we've talked about, $250 million anticipated next year. But all of the positives can't be left without, if I could draw the line there, it would be great, but certainly, there are some other things that we have to  that we're going to be dealing with. One is increased investment, certainly around potential investments to support growth initiatives and new products, still being evaluated, still being sized, may be able to be contemplated within our normal operations, that's our first objective. Unfavorable mix, we certainly have faced a lot of that this year, we don't expect to see that level next year; but I think there's still a little bit still to come, and we've got to work through that. Pension expense, some headwind there, we won't know until the end of the year; but if you snapped a line today, the lower asset returns offset favorability from a higher discount rate, so that would be a little bit of headwind that we'd face. And then then acquisitions, at least on the margin side, certainly deliver profit dollars, but not necessarily would be dilutive to the margin side. So, we'll provide more details as we report in January, for sure; but we're continuing to position our cost structure for the long-term sustainable earnings growth. The one thing that I would say as we're rounding the turn to finish this year, that it's clearer than it has ever been to me, in that our One Hubbell strategy and our focus on our four key objectives is really evident in everything that we're doing and is really helping to drive our performance, whether it's our focus on our customer and we see that in the recognition that we're getting from many of our customers as a key supplier, an excellent supplier, their best supplier  the operating discipline that we have around our cost structure, our lean activities, our back office operations, our focus on growth, the energy and effort that's gone into acquisitions, which you know, well at some point, start to deliver some real growth activity. And then our focus on talent, we've done a lot this year on organization changes and leadership, and I think that's setting us up for all things that give me great confidence that the investments we're making are going to continue to support our long-term value enhancement to shareholders. So, with that, let me, I'm sure, we've made it crystal clear, so you probably don't have any questions; but in case you do, we'll open it up for a few.
Operator: Your first question comes from the line of Rich Kwas with Wells Fargo. Your line is now open.
Rich M. Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Hi, good morning.
David G. Nord - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Rich.
Rich M. Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Wanted to  on the harsh and hazardous, where do you  Dave, where do you think your cost structure is at this point and how do we think about that as it relates to the price of oil today. Are you right-sized for this sort of price environment or does the restructuring contemplated for next year include another adjustment to get that to an appropriate demand level?
David G. Nord - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, Rich, I'd say, we're closer to right-size. I think from a staffing perspective, I think we're much closer. I think the thing that we're still evaluating is on our fixed cost structure, particularly around facilities, and I've talked about in the past, that's a more sensitive, critical decision because, you got to make sure that you are really planning for the future growth that will occur in this business, but that's  that's the one side. I wouldn't tell you that there is a bias that that's likely to occur, but that's something that we  could happen as we continue to evaluate. And depending on where the market ultimately settles out, okay.
Rich M. Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: So, is the assumption that the price of oil goes back up and I think you said you're right-size  you're sized for $60 oil last quarter, is that closer to $50 now or how are you guys thinking about it over the next couple of years?
David G. Nord - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: We've been working toward sizing ourselves toward $50 to $55. And we still have a little more work to do there, but I wouldn't say that there is a big investment to get to that size, okay.
Rich M. Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. All right. And then on the transmission piece, you've seen some warnings from other companies you've cited delays. How do you feel about the growth for next year, you're calling utility up 1% to 2% in this landscape, what's the comfort level around that, I should say confidence level around that given some of the comments coming from others here recently?
William R. Sperry - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah, Rich, our project list that we're quoting and working with our utility customers on shows us that despite some of this push out that we've seen recently that we should expect to see some growth. So our team has some confidence that we'll have some T growth (38:20) next year.
Rich M. Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. And then finally on the non-res piece, so the starts data, you referenced weak during the quarter, we just got ABI that would seem to be a little bit better of a forward indicator that bounced back in September, Dave you cited that September got better but how do you  broadly speaking, but how do you look at the starts data in the context of ABI at this point? You're assuming decent growth again next year, but what are the risks to that either way?
William R. Sperry - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah, I mean I think when we look at the way the public and private sectors are spending money, Rich. The strength of the private sector is obviously really helping to drive the non-res. The public is positive. Places like education on the public side are showing some decent signs of strength I think. And as we look across our businesses with non-res really affects both our C&I side of our lighting business as well as some of the commercial construction side of our  the rest of our Electrical business. We see some decent expectations for next year, and so that's how we're planning.
Rich M. Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thanks, Bill. Just one quick one, on restructuring, the $0.25 to $0.35 contemplated for next year. What type of environment do you have to take another significant chunk of restructuring going out above and beyond that? I know you do  you typically have done restructuring every year, it's been fairly modest up until the last year or so, but, in what type of environment, would you have to really scale that up again or above and beyond, what you're contemplating? Basically, I'm trying to get at where your cost structure you feel, your comfort where your cost structure is as we head in, look out a year from now?
David G. Nord - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Rich, I would say, I mean, that, to have a big step up in that, would have to really be a broad-based recession, somewhat similar to what we saw in 2008, 2009. But, there's a lot that we are just trying to do in the normal course, I mean, certainly staffing levels if volumes fall down. On the fixed cost structure, there is certainly a lot more, if I could do everything overnight, there's a lot of things that we would do, but we're not going to do those. One, because they're not critical. Two, because we can't afford them, and three, importantly, we wouldn't be able to execute them effectively. So, we're doing that over the normal course and we have been, but  so I would look more at the $0.25 to $0.35 first and foremost, it doesn't go to zero in 2017 it goes to something less. So if you take $0.25 to $0.35 and you put another, say $0.15 to $0.25, you look at it on that kind of basis, but the more we do next year, the more benefit we get the year after just like we've seen this year. So I think there could be, that's why we've kind of moved it up from what we originally thought it might be 20% to 25% now. It could be in a $0.25 to $0.35, just because we're identifying more opportunities to adjust our cost structure not just for market weakness but also to make sure that in some areas we have a cost structure that makes us more market competitive, okay.
Rich M. Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: True. All right. That's helpful, appreciate it. Thanks Dave and Bill.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Nigel Coe at Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Oh, thanks. Good morning. Just wanted to, I mean, first of all, appreciate all the color in the slides and I forget the look at 2016, obviously recognizing it's a preliminary view. Just in terms of coming to 2016 expectations, how did you derive that, was that more top down or did you triangulate with customers and your leaders?
David G. Nord - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: It's mostly top down at this point, looking at some of the market indicators that we would typically rely on, but not just taking what those market indicators, trying to apply what has been our historical experience. But that's sort of the process that we take on an early look. Then we're going through a process over the next  as part of the difference between our preliminary look and what we ultimately end up in January between now and then. We're working very closely with our leaders as well as with our customers and doing a much deeper dive to validate whether that is true or not. Obviously, with the concern that we don't want to be too optimistic. On the other hand, we want to make sure we're not being too conservative and missing market opportunities. So it really works on both sides and you talk to our management team and they would tell you that that's exactly the conversation we have on both ends of the spectrum. And I spend a lot of time talking to customers over the next several months just to see how they are seeing things as sort of my independent check of what's happening in the business. As well, to be honest, we also listen to the investment community, both you, your colleagues, and importantly our owners who have some other insights into what's happening and we welcome that input because that is a very important element of what comes into play here. So between now and then there's a lot of discussion that comes up and welcome you guys' all input.
Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. I mean, it doesn't look unreasonable for us, but the 5% to 7% for non-resi is going to be a bit of a debate, there is  as you'd be aware, there is a debate about to the extent at which the industrial weakness has been through into general activity and just in terms of your daily and weekly trends through the quarter and into October, have you seen any evidence of that happening that your non-resi is starting to get impacted?
David G. Nord - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, I think we saw some weakness start in the third quarter in August and September. And so, we're some of that, as I said, we attribute to inventory management and destocking. So, we're trying to determine whether, how much of that might be underlying market demand, but it certainly has some weakness right now, not broadly in non-res construction, commercial construction is still very solid, but that is an area that understandably it's a big part of our portfolio, so we're spending a lot of time. And that's where, I think, there is debate, because there is still some views that it will be even better. I'm not sure that we generally don't follow those views, we are more concerned about whether things are worse and making sure that we're anticipating and reacting accordingly, so...
Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. And then, just one  yeah...
David G. Nord - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Go ahead.
Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. And just one more, you mentioned pricing 50 bps headwinds during the quarter, was that mainly confined to harsh and hazardous and LED. And I think, you mentioned that price-cost was still a benefit. Does that flip over at all, in your 2016 planning, does price-cost become a negative over the next 12 months?
David G. Nord - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yes, it does. It was largely in the Electrical segment, the Electrical businesses. It's still positive overall because of the lower commodity cost and material cost while we're still maintaining some price in some areas. So that's been a positive, but we expect that to rollover. It already has started and we'll see that continue into next year and that's one of the additional headwinds that we've got to size and manage against with some of our cost actions.
Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. Thanks, David.
David G. Nord - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Okay.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Christopher Glynn at Oppenheimer. Your line is now open.
Christopher D. Glynn - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. (Broker): Yep, can you hear me?
David G. Nord - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yes, Chris.
Christopher D. Glynn - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. (Broker): Great. Good morning. So on the single class, I'm just wondering, how that plays into the scope of deals that you might contemplate, if that's opening up how you kind of view and process the pipeline and potential pipeline for acquisitions?
David G. Nord - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Is your question about capacity or size?
Christopher D. Glynn - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. (Broker): Well, yeah, in the sense that maybe with a single class that shares become more of a currency option than historically?
David G. Nord - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: I mean, certainly that's a  that would be a consideration, although we continue to view our M&A activity around our core businesses and our typical bolt-ons with larger and we've talked about continually larger being in the $300 million to $600 million range. I don't think those would qualify as ones where our shares would be a worthwhile currency in that size transaction. Certainly, if there were bigger opportunities that would obviously be a consideration. But  and that  I won't say it's never on the table, but there is even fewer of those transactions than there are as we go up the scale, so.
Christopher D. Glynn - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. (Broker): Okay. And then oil and gas, as you look at orders backlog and revenue run rates. Just wondering if you're  you think that market's finding a bottom. I think that the down 10% for next year suggests that maybe it is on a sequential basis and the first half could absorb that down 10% to be comparable with what you're seeing in the second half, but maybe if you could talk about that specifically?
William R. Sperry - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: It might be even a little more pronounced to the first quarter, Chris, rather than the first half, where we hadn't seen the kind of declines yet in the first quarter that we experienced in the next two quarters of this year, mostly because of some of the project stickiness that just kind of carried over. So, I think the toughest comp for us next year is Q1, but I don't disagree with your characterization of, kind of a sequential  we've talked about our expectation of a U. And I think we're starting to feel sequentially we're getting towards that U and that's how we see it.
Christopher D. Glynn - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. (Broker): Cool. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Tusa of JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Charles Stephen Tusa - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hey, guys. Good morning.
David G. Nord - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Steve.
Charles Stephen Tusa - JPMorgan Securities LLC: So, just some good details on, helpful on 2016. So, I guess the savings basically offset the restructuring to a degree. So, you've got that kind of $0.45 cost tailwind coming in next year. I guess share repos  I don't know, but depending on when you do it, maybe $0.20 to $0.25 of benefit, increase investments I get, mix I get. On the pension, how  I mean, I think you guys had as high as a maybe a $0.10 to $0.15 headwind in 2012 or something. The pension headwind, is it really that material for you guys, is it more than a nickel for you guys, if you just snap the line today?
William R. Sperry - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah, it's too early to know what it will ultimately be, but given some of the asset returns relative to depending on what happens to rates, you got both variables that are a little bit hard to predict. If you snapped it today, it would not be as much as what you said.
Charles Stephen Tusa - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. So like a nickel or something?
William R. Sperry - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah, let's say that ballpark.
Charles Stephen Tusa - JPMorgan Securities LLC: And then  and you're saying the acquisitions are dilutive next year?
David G. Nord - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: To margins.
William R. Sperry - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah, that's just the OP percent, not to...
David G. Nord - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Not to dollars.
Charles Stephen Tusa - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. So just  so they are still contributory to the overall EPS number, absolute EPS number? So, there...
William R. Sperry - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Operating margin drivers, yeah...
Charles Stephen Tusa - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Right, right. So there's not a lot of like real headwinds here other than maybe like, I mean, are you most nervous about kind of price-cost and obviously the growth variable, but it seems like you've got a lot of stuff to get you very easily to double-digit, pretty solid strong double-digit earnings growth next year, north of 15%, if you're looking at the growth you're expecting I mean, that's just the math on it. Is there something else that you're really worried about out there other than maybe the deflation dynamic?
William R. Sperry - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Well, just don't forget about mix, Steve, right. So as long as non-res and res markets are outgrowing utility and industrial that will create a mix headwind that we have to overcome...
Charles Stephen Tusa - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Will you still, in that environment on core volume, be able to convert at a, I mean, reasonable level or will it be negative conversion, I mean how bad is that mix?
William R. Sperry - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: We don't....
Charles Stephen Tusa - JPMorgan Securities LLC: If you grow 2%, you know what I mean? Can you still convert that into operating profit growth at 2% in that kind of mix environment. I would think you'll be able to do that right?
William R. Sperry - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: And again, we  I want to be careful not to go to doing the 2016 math with you, but I do like talking about the drivers, just so we're understanding them. And I do think you're thinking about mix the right way, and that as the growth rates  the growth rate differentials moderate, and some of the restructuring that we've been doing, helps close some of the gap on some of the margin differential. But the fact is, there's still a sizable margin differential on those businesses. And so, that creates a headwind that we have to manage. And that's just on the list, is all I'm saying.
Charles Stephen Tusa - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Yeah, okay. I mean that's totally understandable. And then, sorry, I didn't quite get the answer on the non-resi stuff. I mean, you kind of said that, you were encouraged, but then, it was kind of weaker in August and September, I think, you referenced some Dodge data, obviously the starts is weak. Maybe, if you could just clarify, I mean, are you guys as bullish, more bullish or less bullish on non-res than when we last talked in July?
David G. Nord - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: I'd say, we're less bullish.
Charles Stephen Tusa - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Got it. All right. Thank you very much.
David G. Nord - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Okay.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Sprague at Vertical Research. Your line is now open.
Jeffrey T. Sprague - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Thank you. Good morning, gents.
David G. Nord - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Jeff.
Jeffrey T. Sprague - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Hey. Can we just spend a little bit more time on price-cost. So your comments about it going negative next year, does that  I mean, just give us a little bit of color on both sides of the equation, I guess. I would assume, you're looking for some more price erosion, but are there some cost headwinds that are creeping in and working against you there too. Maybe on steel particularly?
William R. Sperry - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah, I think, Jeff, the basic trajectory during 2015 has been a decline in some of those core commodities that we buy; steel, you're right; copper, you're right; aluminum, you're right. And the way that our pricing mechanisms work, there tends to be a lag of a quarter or two in terms  and so as commodity prices come down and our inputs go down, that actually tends to create some margin favorability because the price that would come down in sympathy to that, it just lags that by a little bit. So, I think what we're describing is an inflection point. As those prices start to firm, they don't even need to rise, they just need to firm. And exactly as you said, the price continues kind of downward for another quarter or two. And so, then that flips and becomes a headwind. And it gets more dramatic if commodities actually inflect upward and then you start to create a more significant headwind. So, we'll have to see what the outlook for those key commodities are, but you're right to be focusing on steel for us, that's a big one.
Jeffrey T. Sprague - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Well, how much of your pricing is actually mechanically tied to cost as opposed to your customers just expecting price relief as cost comes down. And I ask that in the spirit of we're hearing in the channel that  and maybe it's wishful thinking, but people are trying to raise price right now. What's going on there and what's your view on that?
William R. Sperry - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah. We have a mix of those things, some of the pricing is tied to input deflators, but mostly it's negotiated, which everybody knows the cost of metals and stuff, so.
Jeffrey T. Sprague - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Right.
William R. Sperry - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: We're all sharing the same information.
Jeffrey T. Sprague - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Right. Should we assume that your 2015 results reflect $0.10 or $0.15 of restructuring savings from the $0.45 that you're doing this year. And therefore, that plus...
William R. Sperry - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: No. I'd say the bottom end of your range not the top.
Jeffrey T. Sprague - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Right. And should we expect to get some fraction of that $0.25 to $0.35 in new spending in 2016 as benefit in 2016, a half, a third or is there any way to think about that?
William R. Sperry - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah, if we can get the projects in, in the first half I think you maybe start to see some of the benefit in the second half. So a little bit depends on the sequencing and timing of how we get things implemented.
Jeffrey T. Sprague - Vertical Research Partners LLC: And then just on buyback, given that you're forced out of the market by the share collapse, if the deals are not kind of ready in your sights there when we get on the other side of that, should we expect that you'd move quite actively on the repurchase, as quickly as you possibly can?
William R. Sperry - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah. I think you should expect that, Jeff.
Jeffrey T. Sprague - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Yeah. All right. And then just one last one here I guess. Could you just  maybe you can reiterate because I'm not sure I got it all. But the color on lighting in the quarter and then I don't think you said anything about LED penetration specifically. But how did the individual pieces of lighting move around and where is the LED number now?
William R. Sperry - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah, so LED penetration is well up, over 50% overall. The penetration when you focus on C&I is in the 60%s, at resi it's lagging and kind of in the early stages of adoption I would say.
Jeffrey T. Sprague - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Wood at Macquarie Group. Your line is now open.
Mike Wood - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Hi. Thanks for fitting me in. Just a question in terms of more color on your industrial outlook, that appears to be the biggest kind of trend change with what you're experiencing in recent activity. Wondering if you could just give some more commentary in terms of your outlook there for the light industrial, heavy industrial and perhaps if you're seeing the same issues as last quarter when you highlighted some of the regional weakness in the oil and gas regions of the country?
William R. Sperry - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah, I think, Mike, our outlook is reasonably cautious around industrial, flat to 2% and we're trying to indicate for you that we see some differential between some of the heavier sides of that industrial where we see some risk and the lighter side of that industrial where there may be a little bit of opportunity.
Mike Wood - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: And in terms of HVT, I haven't heard you comment on that, are you seeing any activity in the market or is that grouped in with the heavy industrial?
William R. Sperry - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: We're still kind of trough  at the trough of that cycle. So it's  we're  we haven't commented because it hasn't added a big delta either way for us.
Mike Wood - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Great. Thank you.
Operator: At this time, I turn the call back over to Maria Lee.
Maria R. Lee - Vice President-Corporate Strategy & Investor Relations: This concludes today's call. Steve and I will be available following the call for questions and thanks again for joining us. I know it's a busy morning so we want to make sure you can get on your other calls as well. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-07-23 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Maria Lee - VP, Corporate Strategy & IR Dave Nord - President and CEO Bill Sperry - SVP and CFO
Analysts: Christopher Glynn - Oppenheimer Steve Tusa - J.P. Morgan Rich Kwas - Wells Fargo Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley Jeff Sprague - Vertical Research Mike Wood - Macquarie Securities
Operator: Good morning. My name is Nicole, and Ill be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Hubbell Incorporated Second Quarter Earnings Call. All lines have been placed in mute to prevent any background noise. After the speaker's remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session [Operator Instructors]. Thank you. Ms. Lee, you may begin the call.
Maria Lee: Thanks Nicole. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us. Im joined today by our President and Chief Executive Officer, Dave Nord and our Chief Financial Officer, Bill Sperry. Hubbell announced its second quarter results for 2015 this morning. The press release and earnings slide materials have been posted to the investors section of our Web site at www.hubbell.com. Please note that our comments this morning may include statements related to the expected future results of our Company, and are therefore forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Therefore, please note the discussion of forward-looking statements in our press release, and consider it incorporated by reference into this call. In addition, comments may also include non-GAAP financial measures. Those measures are reconciled to the comparable GAAP measures, and are included in the press release and the earnings slide materials. Now, let me turn the call over to Dave.
Dave Nord: Thanks Maria. Thanks everybody for joining us this morning. Pleased to report our second quarter results, which, I would characterize as solid, particularly in light of some of the market dynamics that were facing. End market performance was mixed across all of our businesses, and in spite that we had sales increase of 2%. Organic growth was 1%, really driven by solid market demand in non-residential as well as the residential construction markets, and some stability in utility demand. Our acquisitions contributed 3% to that top line grow. And of course, we like many faced currency headwinds, and FX reduced our sales by 2 points in the quarter. Within specific markets, our non-residential was strong, particularly on the lighting side, with our C&I brand, core C&I brands up double digits. Residential, continued to be solid, up mid-single digits. And on the utility side, transmission had modest growth and we saw some really good growth in the power systems business, driven by their support in the telecom industry. Obviously the challenges are, as weve talked about early in the year, on our Harsh & Hazardous business, serving the energy markets. But I think that, as weve talked about during the course of the first half, the carryover effect to the broader industrial markets have started to impact us more and were dealing with that. Our operating margins of 14.5% in the quarter, thats reported and that includes the cost that weve recognized in the quarter for restructuring and related cost which had a negative impact on margins of 180 basis-points, combining that with the unfavorable mix that comes from lower sales in our high margin Harsh & Hazardous, as well as some of our industrial businesses, more than offset what was favorable price cost and productivity as we continue to work that side of model. So, all that gave us diluted earnings per share of $1.37 on a reported basis, that's $1.56 if you excluded the restructuring related cost, and that would be up 3% from last year. So, mixed end markets and were continuing to take the cost actions to deal with that as we can. Couple of other points that I would highlight for the quarter and then Ill turn it over to Bill: first, just a few comments on the electrical segment leadership announcement that we had in May. Soon weve all seen that but its my chance to talk about that a bit more. Two thirds of our business is in the electrical segment. And that has been and continues to be led by Gary Amato, who is the Executive VP of that segment. But in the ongoing development of leadership for the future and to get more organizational focus on some of the businesses, we elevated three of our senior executives into Group President position; Kevin Poyck, as many of you have met over the last couple -- some of our investor meetings, taken over as a Group President of the lighting business. And all reports, internally and externally as I travel, are very positive around the tone and energy around that business. Rodd Ruland has taken over as the Group President of the Construction and Energy businesses, which included the businesses that he had been running since the acquisition of Burndy, and the businesses that were added to the connectors grounding and tooling business through acquisition. And hes now taken on the Harsh & Hazardous businesses as well. And lastly Darrin Wegman taken over as Group President of the Commercial and Industrial. Darrin, many of you might be familiar with from his days in finance as the corporate controller, more recently he was the President of the Wiring Systems and Industrial Businesses. And so now he has taken on the additional responsibilities for the Commercial Business to Commercial Construction Business, largely under RACO, TayMac and our most recent acquisitions. So, all-in-all, a very good transition, a very good senior team, very experience team and I'm confident that this team is going to be able to lead us well into the future successfully. The last item is just on restructuring and our related costs, obviously a lot of activity. You recall we started the year with an expectation and guidance of investing $0.25 in those activities as the -- and that we have spent $0.24 of that so far this year $0.19 in the second quarter. And I'm pleased with the level of activity and the level of actions that are being identified, being evaluated. But so far this year, weve exited seven facilities and thats a broad cross section of manufacturing, office, distribution centers and generally smaller facilities. But thats where some of overhead costs get hung-up in those smaller facilities. Unfortunately, we've also had to initiate actions that are expected to impact, at this point, more than 250 positions. We never like to do that. But when the market conditions dont support the level of employment activity, we have to deal with that. And were also making progress on our back office streamlining activities to drive more efficiency and more aggressive productivity. So I think all of that, between the leadership changes and our focus on -- aggressive focus on cost and restructuring, I feel very good that were positioning for future profitable growth. So, with that, let me turn it over to Bill. And hell take you through some of the details of the quarter and year-to-date results.
Bill Sperry: Thanks very much Dave. Good morning everybody, appreciate you joining us here. I'm going to use this slide that Maria referenced at the beginning of the call, and Ill use the page numbers to help guide some of our discussion and some of my comments. I'm going to start on page four, which is where Dave had left-off. And he mentioned some of the leadership changes. I think you may have met a couple of these new leaders at a variety of our investor days over the past couple of years. But, we also are intending to get a couple of them in the ordinary course to various public conferences and et cetera. So, I hope we'll see you on the road over the next few months and youll get a chance to meet some of those leaders that Dave was referencing. Couple other comments may be on the restructuring that Dave mentioned. I think first-off, you're going to see mix used a lot in our discussion and the right tool to get at mix is getting the footprint right. And so those seven facilities that Dave mentioned, 90% of that spending in that area has been in the lighting group, which is really trying to pull-up other margins, get their cost structure as comparative as possible. Some of those facilities exited in places like New Jersey, California and in Illinois, its a larger scale and better cost facilities. And on the positions that Dave mentioned, clearly, about 60% of those are in areas of industrial facing and Harsh & Hazardous facing of businesses. So we think were applying the right tools to the right areas in implementing some of the restructuring actions that Dave was describing. So let me switch to Page 5 and get on to the sales description. As you can see, 2% sales growth, where essentially the FX absorbed the organic and the net growth was really driven by our acquisitions. We had about -- we had five different deals contributing, three of those were in the Electrical segment and two in the Power segment. I like the balance of that showing that our investing is across the Board. I think thats a good illustration of how our business model allows inorganic growth to help us overcome sluggish market as well as FX headwinds that are out there. As far as the organic story, the non-res markets have been growing quite consistently throughout the year, and also consistently across the different business that we have exposure to non-res. So, the green color is a good characterization that you see there for non-res. The industrial side is where were facing some challenges. Harsh & Hazardous, in particular, were all watching rig counts and know those are down over 50%. The spending on mines and wells is down very significantly. The nature of our Harsh & Hazardous business, just to remind everybody, its about 50% international, 50% domestic, about 80% up-stream and about 60-40 project versus MRO. And that I think is very important characteristics of our business and how the market changes will impact ultimately the sales volume there, which well talk about. On the utility side, were seeing quite flat activity from our electric utility customers and distribution transmission. And on the resi side, we still see some growth there. I think, interestingly, we always have three contributors there between single-family, multifamily and renovation activity. And I think weve seen a little bit of a switch from dependence on multifamily towards single-family in terms of driving the growth there. And secondly, amongst the single-family, an interesting trend towards some higher value units, rather than purely at the entry level. Turning to Page 6, and talking about our margins. I am going to use a consistent convention that we adopted in the first quarter, which is to use adjusted margins and basically add-back the restructuring and related activities that Dave had described earlier in order to make the comparisons more transparent and easier to get to the operating changes for the business. So, at the gross margin level, you see a 60 point decline year-over-year to a 33.6% level. Mix was the largest driver there. Mix actually drove more than that decline. And net favorability, between price cost and productivity, helped partially offset some of those mix impacts. On the S&A side, you see a slight dollar tick-up, driven by the dollars involved in the three acquisitions we brought on earlier this year. But as a percentage of sales, you see an improvement there to 17.3%. 7, we drive those two gross and S&A drivers down to the operating profit level. And you see $142.5 million of OP earned by Hubbell in the quarter, at 16.3% margin, a decline of 50 bps driven by, largely the gross and offset a little bit by the S&A that we discussed. On page eight, we talk about -- show our other expense lines being up, which is really a function of the FX losses that we experienced in the second quarter of 2015. The payers that heard us the most here was the Swissy Canadian dollar and 3 and 4, and British pound. All-in FX hurt us about a nickel in the quarter between the three areas of translational transactional, and this non-operating area, so significantly headwind from FX for the Company in quarter. Another implication of the mix that we were describing is some of our industrial, in particular the Harsh & Hazardous businesses is down are that 50% international component of Harsh & Hazardous causes a mix impact on geography for us driving more of our earnings back to the U.S., and drives our tax rate up. We had a discrete item in the quarter, involving the initiation of a legal entity merger that drove some downward movement in the rate. And that 230 basis point improvement was more than driven by that discrete item. So that geography mix would have created actually a natural run rate headwind for us in the quarter of a higher, slightly higher tax rate. Moving on to Page 9, the results of all those is the net income number here of $91 million, a 1% increase. And the EPS, as Dave mentioned of $1.56 is up 3%, so thats more than the net income number, the growth rate because of the fact that our share count was lower. And between the activities we've done in the fourth quarter of last year and early this year, we have a share count of about $1.4 million fewer shares, which helped increase the earnings per share there. So, transition now to breakdown into segments. And I'm on Page 10, starting with Electrical. So you see quite flat sales for us in second quarter in Electrical with $615 million of sales, quite flat organic in the acquisition growth of 2% was absorbed by the FX headwind. Three deals within the Electrical segment were contributing to that inorganic growth rate of 2%. And the flat organic is slightly misleading in the sense that we had some businesses up very strong and some down quite strong. On the downside, we had Harsh & Hazardous down approximately 20% in the quarter. And our industrial facing businesses down towards double-digits is well, versus on the positive side, our course C&I lighting brands grew double-digits and our commercial construction, that Dave had described, Darrin leading for us, up double-digits as well. So, the flat organic is really a result of big ups and big downs netting to flat. And that helps drive our operating performance down a 130 basis points to see the 14.3% there. The mix headwinds from the very strong margins we enjoy in the Harsh & Hazardous and the Industrial Businesses compared to the softer margins in C&I lighting and Commercial Construction, help drive a significant headwind coming from mix. Price cost productivity was unfavorable all-in net. We had some good productivity there but we had to invest a little bit of price in this segment, and that caused the net of those to be some slight headwinds. So, a challenging quarter for Electrical segment, given the dynamics in industrial and Harsh & Hazardous. On Page 12, switching to the Power segment. You see very strong performance by our Power team in the quarter. You see much more balance between organic growth and acquired growth, 6% up all-in to $259 million of sales. And you'll see, on the performance side, a very strong margin performance at 21.1%, and very nice incrementals being earned there. You had favorable price. You had favorable materials. And you had strong productivity overcoming cost inflation. The fact that you had, both price and materials favorable, I think make some of that improvement level and incrementals very difficult to sustain, but still very strong performance for the Power team in the quarter. On Page 12 we switch to free cash flow for the quarter, where we had some good generation. We had more efficient working capital in Q2. The investment that we required in inventory was essentially financed by payables, and we did better in receivables. On the other side, we had some timing differences. And you see CapEx was higher in the second quarter but thats due to the productivity investing that we did, which has great returns. And again, largely driven by the lighting groups footprint realignment was a big driver of that CapEx and great returns on that spending. Now, I'm going to switch, as I get to Page 13, to the year-to-date half-time results for Hubbell. And you see sales there of $1.684 billion, a 4% increase. Thats comprised of organic 2% growth, being offset by 2% FX headwinds. So the net of four is all driven by acquisitions. You see the adjusted OP margins at 15%, an attractive level, 40 basis points lower than prior year. And again at the tax rate level, you see it lower than prior year because of the discrete item we talked about in Q2. But it naturally would have been higher than last year without that item based on the geography mix. And at half time we've reported now $2.68 adjusted EPS per share, an increase of 3%. So breaking down for the segments, Page 14, weve got the Electrical segment. And you see that the trends that we experienced in the first half are quite similar to what we described in the second quarter. You have FX headwinds absorbing the organic growth. So the net growth of 3% of sales is all driven by acquisitions. And we have this similar spread of strong performing businesses in Commercial Construction and core C&I Lighting, both double digits for the first half versus Harsh & Hazardous down about 16% in the first half, and the industrial businesses combined down mid single digits. So, the same mix weakness coming out of those dynamics drove a 120 basis point margin decline to $154 million and 13% of sales. And again, similar dynamics on price cost productivity for the first half of the second quarter. The Power segment, also similar to second quarter had balanced between its organic and acquired growth. Adding up little bit of FX headwind to 7% net growth, $499 million of sales. And the performance again very strong increments, 130 basis point increase to 19.6% for first half OP margins. Favorable price, favorable materials again, so similar dynamics on price cost productivity. The acquisitions, as they typically do for us, have a slight drag in year-one when we have it. Year-to-date cash flow on Page 16. Again you see the D&A number up. Thanks to the acquisitions and CapEx weve been doing, again, the more efficient working capital. The other you see, we made a pension funding in the first quarter. And the CapEx is larger, thanks to the productivity investing that were doing. So our capital structure on Page 17. Youll see compared to year-end balance sheet, weve got approximately $200 million less cash than we closed the year with. And just to remind everybody, approximately $125 million invested in acquisitions, about $75 million returned in the form of share repurchases to our owners, about $65 million paid-out and dividend and increased CapEx. So you see a lot of, both investing and return of capital, driving those cash balances down. But balance sheet is still obviously well positioned to invest aggressively as we go forward here. So that concludes my comments on the quarter and the first half. And Ill ask Dave to share his thoughts on outlook with everybody.
Dave Nord: Okay, thanks Bill. I am on Page 18 first. Let's talk about our view of the end markets for the year. I think there is a lot of consistency to what we saw in -- as we reported after the first quarter but with a few changes. I think starting with the utility side, thats going to continue, we think to show slight growth with the telecommunication side, helping to support that. The residential market, we think it's going to be a little bit lighter than we thought three months ago. I think thats consistent with some the third-party forecast that weve seen, although they haven't come down all that much. But remember that we were probably on the high end of where some of those started. And I think that, certainly theres signs of activity that will bode well for next year when you look at permits, but certainly not going to impact our volume in the second half of this year to any great degree. The non-residential market continues to be solid, maintaining our outlook down at 5% to 6% although, to be clear, there is certainly a lot of diversity in that market. As Bill reported in our commercial construction business up double digits, and so in the commercial side of the non-residential, very strong. On some of the industrial side; institutional, little weaker and so -- but on balance, that 5% to 6% is still very solid. The industrial side is where weve seen most of the weakness throughout the year. Recall, we started the year with an assumption of that being up 3% to 5%. We saw some early weakness and indicated that could be down 2% to 4%. And even subsequent to that, we saw even more weakness. And so our outlook now is more in the 0% to 2%. And I think even there, there is diversity in that market, so it's not a case of every part of that market. In fact, some are very solid. You look at the auto activity and that industrial space is still very solid. Besides that, there is more impacted than you see it and market participates who are manufacturing the related products that support the oil and gas industry, whether it's pumps and wells flow goods, thats where there's a lot more weakness and where were selling into those manufacturing industrial sectors thats what we are seeing. So thats where we at the zero to two in industrial. And then Harsh and Hazardous seems to, at least at this point, have stabilized for us to maintain our 20% to 25%. Recall that we were out early at 15% to 20% and then quickly saw that that was inadequate and moved it 20% to 25% back in May. I think I spoke to some of you, spoke in some conferences. And we are concerned because are seeing some of the order rates even drifting worse. I think thats stabilized and that certainly has been a positive for the second quarter. But at the same time, its certainly not positive for the rest of the year and that all with stabilization we believe could be attributable to oil recovery to the $60 level. As it drifts back down to the $50 that creates some uncertainty. And so we're just going to monitor that very closely. So, when you put that altogether, we think that the end markets as we serve them are going to be flat in aggregate. Turning the page fifth to the how that impacts our statements I think on the power business, which is about a third of our business. We still believe that they will be up in the 5% to 6% range with acquisitions contributing about 4%; currency be in a point drag; and the rest coming from organic growth. The big impact on our outlook is on the electrical segment where we previously were thinking that would be in the 6% to 7%; now we're at 2% to 3% and a couple of things. Obviously the continued growth in a construction market helps that; Harsh and Hazardous has certainly been consistently and predictably down at least 20% to 25%. Its a combination of the lower industrial and the acquisitions being a little bit lighter as some of the acquisitions that we anticipated that were in the pipeline either didnt come through or have pushed to the right. So overall, we see the overall sales increase of 3% to 4%. So turn the page to how that comes together in our overall outlook on page 20. So, we've got our net sales up 3 to 4 with acquisitions up and end market flat. More importantly, our earnings guidance for diluted share on a reported basis is now anticipated to be $4.95 to $5.15 that includes of increase in our restructuring and related costs from what had previously been our guidance of $0.25 to $0.45. So that gives us adjusted earnings per diluted share of $5.40 to $5.60. From that restructuring, we're expecting incremental savings this year and certainly more next year. I think the other part of our guidance adjustment and a more frustrating part from my standpoint is that the markets have been weaker in some areas than we anticipated. As I said, we think we did a pretty good job on the Harsh and Hazardous early on, but what has impacted us more is the secondary impacts in both the industrial sector, supporting the oil and gas business and as well pockets of non-residential construction in those geographic areas that were heavily dependent on oil and gas. Weve talked about that before, think about Texas, Oklahoma, South Dakota, we had a big concentration of product sales into those general economic markets that are feeling the broader impact of the lower oil and gas. So, we're dealing with that and thats going to cost us $0.20. And so thats the bad news from my standpoint, the good news is the attention, the energy, the action that is going in that the team, particularly the operating leadership is focused on taking the actions to make sure that were doing all we can to mitigate those costs in the near-term and continue to set ourselves up for future profitable growth. So, not what I like to do but I'm certainly pleased that were taking the actions to address what our market conditions that we just have to deal with. I think we continue to expect to have free cash flow, good free cash flow generation that we'll continue to deploy on acquisitions and share repurchase. And we are anticipating share repurchase through the rest of the year at $150 million which will be about double what we've done so far this year and of course that subjects to market conditions; we could always do more but we expect to do at least that level before the end of the year. So, all that, given you a lot. Let me stop there and open it up to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. You're first question comes from the line of Christopher Glynn from Oppenheimer. Your line is open.
Christopher Kyle: Just wondered Dave, if you could elaborate on your comment that you had to invest in price at the electrical segment and may be specifically within Harsh and Hazardous, what is the pricing dynamic and any other areas of -- where price is getting kind of interesting?
Dave Nord: Pricing is always interesting. I would say, overall pricing was negative. There is certainly some pockets that we are happy that there is a little bit of either price opportunity or price stabilization. To-date, we haven't seen any major price pressure. But thats one of the risks as we look ahead but I think the industry to-date in just about all of our market has been relatively disciplined. 
Christopher Kyle: Okay.
Maria Lee: Just one thing I want to add on that Chris, just for Harsh and Hazardous specifically. I think we are seeing more pressure on pricing on the project side versus the MRO side.
Christopher Kyle: And what's the range of your lead times on the project side?
Dave Nord: It depends on the project but generally 6 to 12 months, some are longer and so thats a little bit of what is providing some support through the rest of the year. So, the issue will be -- and similar to phenomenon we had several years ago on the utility side where you had transmission projects, a lot of strong growth in order rate, but then didn't translate into projects initiating, so project releases, so it creates a lot more volatility in the reported results. Thats one of the challenges as we look forward and I would say thats something that we are monitoring very closely to assess what the implication of that could be in 2016. Obviously, Im not getting into 2016 outlooks but thats one area that we felt we were ahead of it in January this year and we want to make sure that we are head of it even before January of next year. Okay?
Christopher Kyle: Yes. And any way to characterize the magnitude of pressure on what's wining project bids right now?
Dave Nord: There really isn't a way to size that because there is a lot of variability depending on markets where there is activity, where there is high demand, where there is competition. So it's not-- there is no simple way to do that.
Christopher Kyle: And then I haven't heard anyone to call out telecom strength in a recent memory. Are you just kind of penetrating some markets there?
Bill Sperry: Yes, I think that youll recall Chris, we did a couple of acquisitions a few years ago. And recall that our power segment and we refer to them as utilities, 90% of our revenues come from electric utilities but there is 10% coming from other utilities like telecom. The enclosures that we make that hold some electronics and connectors are very common between phone companies, fiber build out and electric utilities. And so some of that infrastructures spend has been very favorable. So, its a small piece of the business but theyve had a good growth rate, good order pattern and good product line based on some of the acquisitions weve been doing for those guys there.
Operator: Your next question comes from line of Steve Tusa from J.P. Morgan. Your line is open.
Steve Tusa: Hi, good morning. Did you guys talk -- mentioned non-res institutional not being very strong? I am not sure if I caught that. And I know that Bill earlier this year you were talking about broadening out of the non-res recovery and certainly thats been a big highlight of this earnings season in otherwise pretty poor environment. So maybe you could just walk through the verticals and let us know if youve seen anything that is changed to non-res?
Bill Sperry: I think if you start Steve with where we are exposed, right? We have non-res exposure in our commercial and industrial lighting business and we also have it in our commercial construction area that makes the RACO [ph] boxes that Dave was describing. And I think that if you broke it down, our first verticals cut is between public and private. And on the public side, weve seen a very nice stabilization over the last couple years. I wouldn't call it exciting growth but it has stabilized, may be growing just slightly. And I think some of the strength were seeing vertically there, Steve, is from the transport side. And on the private side, I would say the two -- where it is growing much stronger, I would say weve seen the best pockets coming from commercial and office as well.
Steve Tusa: And as far as exiting the quarter and what you guys saw, how do things kind of trend through the quarter, it seems like things were generally kind of in line with kind of the caution that you gave in May, but maybe just a little bit on the sequencing of the quarter.
Dave Nord: Yes. I think right, what we saw in the quarter was in the middle of the quarter, we were communicating at that time, seeing some things that were concerning that have continued would have been -- would have made for a much more difficult quarter. I think some of that started to recover particularly on the Harsh and Hazardous businesses, so that was a positive and that give us. Had the mid quarter trends continued, I think we might be looking at 25 to 30 versus 20 to 25. So thats the feature. I think important note is the thing that is most challenging and somewhat unique I would say against our normal seasonality is that our -- we're not anticipating the strength in the third quarter that you would typically see in a construction season. So, it ends up being -- and thats what we're dealing with as we're looking at our revised guidance in the second half. Big part of that impacts the third quarter certainly relative to what we would normally see.
Steve Tusa: Why are you guiding that way? Why is it so poor relative to normal seasonality?
Dave Nord: Because particularly thats where we are seeing the pockets of impact against what we have anticipated and what we've historically seen around, particularly around the industrial side.
Steve Tusa: You stepped up the restructuring this year. Are you pulling some forward from next year or do we think that kind of -- does that go down a more sustainable run rate; is this kind of a big two-year program that you're going to run through; how do we think about restructuring in 16?
Dave Nord: I think this is -- simplest way to think about restructuring in 16 is they'll be more. At this point I would say it should be -- it's likely to be about half but it could be more of what we have this year. So, if we do 45, we should be assuming 20 to 25 next year just because of I have got lot of projects that have been put on the list for acceleration which is the good news but they require a lot of evaluation and importantly an assessment of our ability to effectively execute that. So thats one of the dynamics. I could see some of those potentially sliding into the latter part of this year because the organization is very focused on aggressively taking these actions, but only if we can execute them effectively and they have good returns.
Bill Sperry: I think Steve, you are shaping in properly which is a big effort this year, a large but smaller effort next and then should be starting to towards 17 get in to the repeatable annual level of activity.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rich Kwas from Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Rich Kwas: The follow-up on Steves question around restructuring. So with oil and gas was $60 now its $50; is the business -- when you look at your oil and gas facing areas, is it size for $50 in oil, $50 barrel oil going afford or is there -- would there need to be more restructuring above and beyond to try to get back to the margin levels that you were enjoying before?
Dave Nord: I think here is more restructuring to do thats why the list continues to expand. I think particularly one of the issues around the oil and gas in particular Rich is we were dealing with this late last year when you had a precipitous drop to 40; what's the long-term view of that and recovers to 60 and now 50. Still a lot of question around does oil have recovered to 60, 70 or better, how long does that take.? And I think the longer that outlook seems to be, the more actions we have to take to get the core cost structure down. Ive to be careful that you don't take it too far down if theres going to be recovery because youve got to be able to respond. So thats a little bit of what we're doing. So some of the things that are on the list before evaluation fall into that category. If oil stays at $50 and we think its going to stay there or go lower for an extended period of time, there are more actions that we're going to take in that business.
Rich Kwas: So is that part of the 20 incremental for next year potentially or is that just the separate bucket?
Dave Nord: No thats part of the 20 now. And if we dont to take it, I'm sure there will be other projects that get teed clear up particularly when we look at our facilities.
Rich Kwas: So would you characterize the businesses being sized for $60 plus oil at this point still when you look at your
Dave Nord: Yes, I think that. It's pretty close to size of that. I mean I think there is still some areas but generally thats right.
Rich Kwas: And then just on a residential side. So, is this -- youve seen good new construction activity lately, existing home sales coming in better, so you were more positive on it earlier in the year and now you scale it back. So, is this timing or are you seeing something more specific to the market?
Dave Nord: I think its specific to the market where we had seen multifamily activity really being the engine on the train. And we still really like the single family dynamics which is kind of what you are describing. It is just that that multifamily is providing a little bit less as far as we see it. Our home builder clients are still positive. And so, to us, this still looks a very good market area, very good opportunity that we are excited about. Were just kind of refining numbers in pretty small increment here.
Rich Kwas: And then just Bill, on -- when you look at the -- you make reference I think either you or Dave made reference regarding the lighting business and trying to get the margins up. So, where are you in the process? You said the vast majority of the restructuring is around lighting. So, how do we think about incremental as it relates commercial, C&I lighting and the other commercial businesses going forward? When do you -- it's always been discussed that kind of it's a below corporate average incremental margin but where do we think about when you start potentially could we get into kind of the corporate average incremental margin for that part of the business?
Bill Sperry: Yes, I think the lighting team is doing a really great job. Theyre doing a great job growing at what I think is better than the market and they are attacking this cost structure question. So, I think what Dave outlined there as kind of a two-year increase in efforts, I would think by the end of that period because the lighting guys from a footprint perspective are really doing a lot of the heavy lifting there, I think by the end of 17 you are going to find theyre going to have a lower cost structure that I think will be visible in the margins, Rich.
Rich Kwas: But progressively, does it start to get better in 16?
Bill Sperry: I mean its getting better already. Yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Nigel Coe from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Nigel Coe: I thought I was going to be only one asking question on restructuring but I guess. So obviously the total [ph] is a bit more heavy on the facilities than we expected, seven is a big number. But I think you mentioned that may be there was 90 or so facilities across the overall footprint. I am wondering what you see as the ultimate goal for the production over the next three or four years?
Dave Nord: We dont a specific target on that Nigel but your recollection about roughly 90 is a good number. And I would say that you have to look at that and we look at it in terms of at least something like 20%, so 15 to 20 facilities over the next -- certainly over the next three to four years. Again, keep in mind that as I had said, some of these facilities are relatively small; some of them have come through acquisitions and it takes time to get those under our belt to understand what they are doing in an consolidate them. I think where we can start to get some momentum is as we close some of these facilities and move them into the larger facilities or large or more efficient, I think the organization is starting to recognize that operating an efficient facility gives you -- the reward is that you get to get more business which makes you even more efficient and more productive because you get more volume in there. So I think there is -- Im sensing a little bit of a race to demonstrate how efficient we could be, so then you become a receiving facility and kind of an existing facility, so.
Nigel Coe: It seems like you are little bit reluctant to commit to pay back dollar number, but if you think about obviously quick pay back on headcounts versus longer payback on facilities, overall should we think about sort of a two-year payback on the expense?
Bill Sperry: Yes. I mean I dont think you are detecting reluctant. I think the $0.10 this year and $0.30 next year is $0.40 on 50 and thats little bit -- thats less than two-year payback.
Nigel Coe: Okay.
Bill Sperry: Your right to differentiate between the building investing is a little bit slower and people pay back is quite a bit faster.
Nigel Coe: So I missed those payback numbers; thats helpful. And then you mentioned mix and I think -- it seems like mix might be in the zone of about 100 bps for the total corporation. And I am assuming that the bulk of thats within obviously electrical. Is that the right way to think about it? And as we go to the back of the year, does the mix impact of more construction, less industrial Harsh and Hazardous, does that get worse or have we seen the peak impacts of mix?
Bill Sperry: Yes, I think A, your math is quite good Nigel; B, I think you are thinking about it exactly the right way. I think as we -- we would love mix to be the fourth or fifth thing that explains our performance. And in a typical growth world where commercial were outgrowing Harsh and Hazardous and industrial, it would end up being quite a small number. But when you have double digit growth in one and double digit decline in the other, its creating that order of magnitude that you described. So I think what's important to get mix back into the background is number one, have the Harsh and Hazardous and industrial markets return to more normal growth levels. And then number two, as we were saying, as you were getting at all this building take out and cost take out to get the commercial businesses more profitable. And I think the combination of those two were hoping makes a small driver couple years from now.
Nigel Coe: And then finally on inventories. Inventories look a little bit heavy, given the end market dynamics, is that a fair comment? And you are looking to take the inventories as we go for the back off?
Bill Sperry: Yes, I think our days are up a little bit but I think we are being and trying to be thoughtful about where we are investing in inventories. So for example, there is areas of lighting where service and quick service, quick turnaround and quick filling of an order becomes important way to get volume. And so, we want to make sure that we are capturing that double-digit growth and supporting that business with an increased level of inventory.
Operator: Your next question from the line of Jeff Sprague from Vertical Research. Your line is open.
Jeff Sprague: Just one more quick clarification on restructuring. So your prior comment on 16 and in Q1 was that the 16 benefits would exceed the 2015 costs. I am not sure what you were expecting to actually get in 15 from the 15 action. But it looks like may be the payback on the next $0.20 of work you are doing is lower or longer? Yes, can you just clarify that?
Bill Sperry: Yes. So, the initial, first bulk of projects were returning about 25 of savings on 25.
Jeff Sprague: Yes.
Bill Sperry: And now we are up to 40, right on 45. So that next batch of 20 million had a slightly lesser but still very attractive pay off. And as Dave is describing, I think you guys are doing a good job of asking around how to size what will happen in 16. And I think the position Dave and I feel that we are very fortunate to be in, is Dave's over subscribed to his 45 this year and something like 20 to 25 next year. So, Dave is in a position of getting the pick and choose between projects rather than how would we, is there a project to do? So that payback, I am guessing will continue to be very attractive but probably be -- continue to get a little bit slower than that first 25 on 25.
Jeff Sprague: And just on lighting, can you give us just a little bit more overall color? I think you said core C&I was up double-digit, how did the resi business do? Where is the LED penetration? And just kind of the internal stabilization of the business, youre doing a lot of restructuring there but you go everything kind of normalized relative to hiccup last year?
Bill Sperry: Yes, I would say defiantly in terms of your first question about where the growth is around the business, Id say resi is in kind of a mid-single digit level. Some of the national accounts businesses and specialized areas are not doing as well but the combined growth still very attractive. And certainly the warranty expense experience is right in line with where we have expected it. So we are very happy that the lighting guys are doing such a nice job of growing in but I think they do have the challenge of doing some cost, some heavy lifting on their cost structure which theyre going after pretty aggressively.
Dave Nord: I think Jeff, just a comment, obviously I said the lighting business is doing quite well. And one of the things that I was spending lot of time on with the lighting group as well as the other, the leaders, its trying to make sure that its clear than -- we have a culture that the bad news flows up. And that we are not too optimistic and then subject to more surprise. So if there is problems, we spend -- Bill and I are spending a lot time with the operating team to make sure that we are getting them focused on. If there is a problem, the sooner we know about it, the sooner we can deal with it, the sooner we communicate it. And so that's really important because I think that was one of the things we identified certainly in the past that there was something that just didn't follow up on a timely basis to be dealt with on a timely basis.
Jeff Sprague: Makes sense, and how about the LED penetration in the quarter?
Dave Nord: Yes, so over of 50% and that feels like its come a long way in just a few years but still the adoption rate continues, Jeff.
Maria Lee: Nicole, I think we will take our last question.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Wood from Macquarie Securities. Your line is open.
Mike Wood: First, quickly on industrial, I think you said you were down mid-single-digit year-to-date and looking for just slight growth or flat for the full year. I was just curious is that largely easier comps in the second half or if you could just provide more color on what you are expecting sequentially?
Bill Sperry: Yes, I think it's largely that Mike.
Mike Wood: And then I really love to see that you [indiscernible] keep up with that worsening industrial backdrop which every company experiencing. I am just wanted the other item that you can control your balance sheet utilization, I think you just have over $100 million of net debt. Can you just give more color on your patience there about the about capital and what's preventing you from being more aggressive with the buybacks?
Bill Sperry: As you saw on our cash balances, we have put about $200 net of our balances to work. And as we look forward, you heard Dave commit to more share repurchasing which we think is a great use of our cash but I would say that our M&A pipeline continues to be an area of focus. We had a couple of deals in the first half -- we got off to a great start by closing three deals in January. And we had a couple that I thought were very high likelies in the first half that ended up going away and that was disappointing but the pipeline going forward is extremely active. And so I think we would love to put that cash in the balance sheet Mike as youre describing to use on the acquisitions as well. I just don't want to -- I mean we mentioned the share repurchases and I think we are committed to that but I didn't want to lose site of the fact that there is acquisitions out there, that we would hope to do in second half as well.
Maria Lee: Great thank you. This concludes today's call. Ill be available all day for questions and thanks again for joining us this morning.
Operator: You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q1  (2015-04-24 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Maria Lee - Vice President, Corporate Strategy & Investor Relations Dave Nord - Chairman of the Board, President, Chief Executive Officer Bill Sperry - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: Rich Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities Christopher Glynn - Oppenheimer Mike Wood - Macquarie Noelle Dilts - Stifel Brent Thielman - D.A. Davidson
Operator: Good morning, my name is Chris and I'll be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Hubbell Incorporated First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Thank you. Maria Lee, you may begin your conference.
Maria Lee: Thanks Chris. Good morning everyone, and thank you for joining us. I am joined today by our President and Chief Executive Officer, Dave Nord; and our Chief Financial Officer, Bill Sperry. Hubbell announced its first quarter results for 2015 this morning. The press release and earnings slide materials have been posted to the Investors section of our Web site at www.hubbell.com. Please note that our comments this morning may include statements related to the expected future results of our Company and are forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Therefore, please note the discussion of forward-looking statements in our press release and consider it incorporated by reference into this call. In addition, comments may also include non-GAAP financial measures. Those measures are reconciled to the comparable GAAP measures and are included in the press release and the earnings slide materials. Now let me turn the call over to Dave.
Dave Nord: Good morning thanks, Maria. Let me start with little housekeeping first. You obviously have heard a new voice on the call this morning in Maria Lee. Most of you are probably aware but if not Jim Farrell has been a long time involved in our Investor Relations function is moving on to a significant finance role in the operations. I've worked with Jim, as long as I've been with Hubble and I have seen him, as he's progressed through his career and he's been an integral part of the evolution that I hope you've all experienced in not just the performance of Hubble but specifically around our Investor Relations agenda and above the quantity and hopefully quantity and transparency of that communication, more to be done, we'll leave that up to Maria, but I just want to acknowledge Jim, Jim is thankful that he's part of our transition, he's sitting in the room today, so feel free to ask him any of the tough questions that you might have to Maria. We are fortunate to have someone like Maria Lee to join the team certainly someone who is very familiar and comfortable around the industrial space and specifically known to some or many of you. So we are confident in what Maria brings to the team and will add as we continue to advance our shareholder communication agenda, so thanks Jim, welcome Maria. Now on to the business of the call, the first quarter results I am obviously pleased to report a very solid start to the year in the first quarter, 7% sales growth with a nice balance between organic and acquisitions with offset by little bit of foreign currency headwind. The end markets performed largely as we expected, notably some good strength in the non-residential construction partially offset by the weakness that we expect and maybe coming a little sooner on the energy related business. I won't still boast on there but a particular note for me is its the good performance on our lighting business with our core business within lighting both commercial industrial as well as residential reporting double-digit sales growth. Our industrial business is up slightly, little bit of weakness that we're seeing now, we'll talk more about that later. And as you saw the power business up very nicely in the first quarter. One negative is around Harsh & Hazardous is particular we knew that was going to be a challenge going in into the year and that certainly is turning out to be the case. But all that considered 7% sales growth is very good from my standpoint as a start to the year. Our margins are 13%, again nice performance certainly we would have in a normal environment expected that to be closer to 14% with the incremental volume but that 13% on a reported basis does includes a half a point of restructuring related costs as some of the unfavorable mix particularly associated with the Harsh & Hazardous decline and some of the acquisition dilution as we have talked about in the past. So while that's giving us diluted earnings per share of $1.07 or a $1.12 which exclude the restructuring and related costs. On the restructuring front, as noted we have $0.05 of impact on our earnings per share, I think we're proceeding nicely with gross reduction efforts and that include facility rationalization, managing our personnel cost as well as streamlining some of our back office operation and we're continuing to focus on identifying and executing opportunities as they come up and we'll talk more about that as the call goes on. On the capital deployment side, I'm also pleased that we had a lot of activity in the first quarter. We have mentioned the acquisitions that we closed early in the quarter. Acme Electric, a business that supplies dry-type transformers and that's in our commercial construction business. Turner Electric transmission substations switching in our power business and electric controller and manufacturing, providing DC contactors and crane controls in our industrial business. Combine that we invested a 126 million in those three acquisitions in the first quarter. In addition, we return to 109 million to shareholders, the above share repurchase 76 million of share repurchase; and then our ongoing dividend program close to $33 million, so all-in-all a very good start to the year. Let me turn it over to Bill at this point and maybe he can go through some of the details of the operations and specifically the segments and then I'll come back and talk about our outlook for the rest of the year. Bill?
Bill Sperry: Thanks Dave, good morning everybody, I know what a busy morning it is here with lot of [indiscernible]. So I appreciate you joining us. I am going to use the slides that I hope you found and I need to echo Dave's comment and thank Jim, he's been a great partner of mine for last seven years and I'm really looking forward to working with him and his restructuring work that he is doing going forward in and also very excited to be working with Maria, so welcome, Maria. So Dave will walk us through Page 3 of those slides, so I'll start on Page 4, where we're focused on the sales story. So you see the $110 million of sales there, growth of 7%, we break that down into end markets here in terms of the organic story and you really are seeing some bifurcation here in our end markets. The non-res market showing some descent strength both in new construction as well as renovation that appears to us will be reasonably broad based and touches several of our business units. When we get to the discussion of our electrical segment, I'll describe a little more detail but that feels like reasonably good news to us on the non-res front. On the industrial side, you see a different story, you see the appreciate that Dave described as being down. You see the general manufacturing in industrial production providing just very modest growth, so big difference between those two markets and utility market growing but also quite modestly. That's really the state of our end-markets have become a residential side, feels to us like it's growing, we have some differences between orders and shipments based on some of the big-box activity that can be a little bit lumpy on the national account side, but it feels healthy. I know some of the data comes across a little bit mix some of the builders' sentiment, though, is reasonably using our color vernacular here is reasonably green, I would say. So, good story on the organic side, I think as Dave highlighted and I think from the acquisition side, 4% growth very nice balance, I think, complementing that organic growth. The fact that there are seven deals that are contributing to that, I think is a good sign of business development program success, we got three new deals as Dave described from '15 and four that are ramping around from last year that are contributing incrementally. Those seven deals are spread around across the lighting power and electrical systems segment, so quite a broad based success there and something I think worthy of note. On Page 5, we're really breaking a little bit here from our traditional convention and we're using adjusted measures for these next several pages, we believe that that's a more helpful way to describe the comparability year-over-year of the actual performance of the business and so what we've done is we've taken that $0.05 for $4.4 million of restructuring and related expense and pulled it out, as Dave commented earlier. The lion share of that spending is at the gross margin level rather than the S&A, so the bulk of the adjustment affects there but I'm going to be speaking about adjusted measures as we go over these next several pages. So you see gross margin declining 60 basis points from 32.3% to 31.7% and you really have mixed drivers on three levels. You've got product mix which really describes within a business, the less profitable products within the business you've got that different market growth that I was describing which has been a trend of ours for the last few quarters where you've got higher non-res growth, where we got some of our lower margin and businesses than lower industrial growth where we've got some of our margin and that creates this mix headwind. And then with acquisitions being half the growth those as you all know coming in their first year at lower margins and all three of those things combined to create those mix headwinds. On the selling and administrative side you see an improvement of 30 basis points from 18.5% down to 18.2% and I think it's noteworthy to realize that, that dollar growth is largely driven by the three new acquisitions that Dave highlighted. So again it often takes time to get those integrated and get the S&A on the new acquisitions functioning at the most efficient level. And so good sign to see good leverage there in S&A I think. Page 6, were switching to operating profit and again were adjusting out the restructuring related expenses. You see the 30 basis point drop on adjusted basis from 13.8 to 13.5, 4% growth in dollars and again the drivers are the mix and the volume leverage on the S&A side. On Page 7, we've got our non-operating expense and you will see significant growth there but obviously small dollar amounts and basically last year's first quarter was essentially our net interest expense while this year had some foreign exchange losses and thats why you see that growth there. I am going to pause and just give you a little bit of color on FX in general. It affected us to the tune of about a nickel for the quarter that includes the translation of sales NOP that includes the transactions of purchases made in foreign currencies and includes this non-OP impact of our monitory accounts. It does not try to quantify any impact on the competitiveness of some businesses that might be selling in revenues in one currency with the COGS in another most notable example for us might be something like our high voltage test equipment business which would be selling in dollars or euros and have lot of COGS in Swiss francs and that can have an impact that doesn't quantified in that nickel. But thats about the magnitude of the headwind we faced in the quarter. Moving now on to taxes, you will see about a point pickup there in the tax rate and thats because last year's period had a favorable discrete item which was settlement of the service and truly the mix of earnings towards higher tax geographies which is mainly the more domestic thats driving that up a little bit. Both periods just for clarity had similar treatment to the R&D tax credit namely not included. Page 8, the outcome of all those drivers is adjusted net income 64 million up 2% and you see our adjusted diluted earnings per share up 4% at $1.12 that improvement of 4% versus income growth that too driven by the fact that we purchased about $76 million for the shares in the first quarter. So just to update you on our share repurchase program during all of last year we bought back about 105 million of shares in the fourth quarter though after we were reauthorized with $300 million authorization we purchased about 70 million plus this 76 gets us close to having utilized about half of that authorization. Switching now to our segment discussion on Page 9. You will see 6% sales growth to 570 million, again that balance of acquisitions with four points and organic was four points. And again here you are seeing that bifurcation we talked about on the end market page where the non-res is showing us some strength, we see that in areas like core C&I part of our lighting business which was up mid double-digits mid-teens and double-digits strong growth there, see similarly strong growth in areas like our rough-in electrical and some of the other non-res facing businesses, versus on the industrial side we saw Harsh & Hazardous down about 10% and thats consistent with how we described the year expecting to be down where the first quarter would be down less than the rest of the year. So we see an accelerating decline and we can talk more about that when we get to outlook. But the remainder of the industrial businesses that face off against general manufacturing were quite modest in the growth. So thats dampening by Harsh & Hazardous and the price of oil was quite significant. On the performance side, you see a decline in adjusted OP margins of 90 basis points to 11.7. They had that mix headwind that we've discussed. They had price cost productivity headwinds which included a discrete charge that we took in the first quarter around a commercial issue that was just less than a point. So price cost productivity except discrete item was little bit better. I know you all watch how material costs are unfolding in productivity. But that proves to be unfavorable with that discrete item and the volume obviously brings incremental profit with it. Page 10, has the power segment and very strong performance in the first quarter by our utility team. You see there 240 million of sales, 9% growth rate, 5% of that growth coming from acquisitions. Thats a very strong level of activity by them. And again a good pay-off comes from business development activity that we invested there. And the organic of 4% we feel is outperforming the end market there. So nice organic growth as well. The drop through on operating profit you see an increase of OP margins to 17.8% or $43 million. That represents in the low 30s of incremental drop-through, I would argue thats little bit better than we would expect typically, you see those acquisitions had some headwind impact on the margin, but price cost productivity for power was favorable. And again you saw some material cost benefit that was driving that equation. We find those variables tend to even themselves out over time. So that favorability that doesn't feel like it's sustainable all the time for us, that's very strong quarter for the power team. Page 11, is cash flow, and you will see a comparable amount of net income, higher level of D&A as a result of our acquisition activity, slightly more efficient on the working capital side and the other is driven by some pension funding that we did in January as a result I think we've talked about that at year-end where we had mortality tables and lower interest rates necessitated and un-required but optional funding that we did there. And on the CapEx side we see good pickup there being driven in large part by some of the productivity projects that are typical but also some of the restructuring activity that Dave highlighted earlier. So first quarter is always our lowest cash flow year -- sorry lowest cash flow period of the year, but I think those drivers originally as expected. Page 12, we've got our capital structure. You will see a comparable amounts of debt but the change that you'll notice is little bit less cash, we had significant amount of deployment in the quarter, the 126 of acquisitions that Dave mentioned the dividends, the CapEx and the share repurchases driving deployment of some of the free cash that we had on the balance sheet. So, still very opportunistic balance sheet in terms of being ready to invest with net-debt-to-cap of 5% and debt-to-cap of 24%. So that concludes my comments on the quarter, and I will switch it back to Dave to discuss our outlook in the balance of the year.
Dave Nord: Thanks Bill. Page 13, our pie chart with our end market outlook. Let me start with the positives first, so upper right-hand side on the utility market. We continue to think that, that will be growing at a modest 1% to 2% consistent with where we saw as we started the year, certainly our performance in the first quarter would indicate that it could be a little bit better but that on we will stay with our 1% to 2% for now thats our best outlook. On the residential side similarly no change there at our 6% to 8%. There is certainly been volatility as the over the last few months in some of the data points as well as some of the builder indicators and builder optimism I think that more recent view is more positive, but nothing that would be outside of this 6 to 8 on either end. So were comfortable with 6 to 8. The non-residential equally consistent with how we started the year at 5 to 6. I think our results in the first quarter might suggest that, that could be stronger. I think some of the indicators might suggest it's going to be stronger. I know the latest ABI was up, and there is a view but that is a positive. Although I think as I look at it I look back at the -- recognize that has a 6 to 9 month lag associated with it. And I think it peaked 6 to 9 months ago were just being very cautious about how that plays out. I think the other part of it is within our business we see two different dynamics one certainly as we've seen on the lighting side, the lighting element of non-residential is stronger but the flip side is that those businesses within non-residential construction that are more geographically aligned with some of the oil and gas markets Texas, Oklahoma, North Dakota even in Pennsylvania. Some of our businesses have seen some pockets of weakness there as collateral impact from the oil and gas markets. So five to six still holding there, the industrial side a little weakness that we've experienced so we're looking at that market being a little bit weaker taking that down to two to four from three to five previously. The big item is on the Harsh & Hazardous market, recall last quarter we sized that as being down 15% to 20% and we weren't seeing the declines early on and so the expectation was in order to even do 15% to 20%, it was going to really decline rapidly as the year progress. We started to see more declines earlier that business has actually finished down for the quarter. So as we look out we think that's got more weakness, hope 20% to 25% is a good number at least for this year but had that's the ones place that we see more softness in our outlook. So as a result when you put that together the composite is more on the low end of the range before we had one to two we still think we could see two with some of the strength that we've seen in other businesses but at the same time if that doesn't continue and Harsh & Hazardous plays out as expected or worse you could be on the low end right now. So, I turn to how does that play up for the segments on the power side on Page 14, that business is expected to be up on the sales reported basis of 5% to 6% with the growth in the market as well as with the acquisition impact up mid-single digits. On the electrical side people expect that to still be up 6% to 7% with solid growth continued to be expected in the construction markets general industrial modest growth up Harsh & Hazardous being a dampening item, of course we have acquisitions contemplated in that growth as well, largely acquisitions that have already been completed but there is some element of assets is around the acquisitions that we are anticipating and certainly attempting to bring home this year, that's always a point of uncertainty because they're not close until they are absolutely in the house and very often happens that you can get it right to the finish line and something comes up. We think we've got enough in the pipeline that we're working on and it'll be just a question of timing. So all of that turning to the outlook page as I said gives us a sales increase of 5% to 7% with our end market growth of zero to two. Organic growth expected to outperform the market particularly with some of the new product introductions that I think both are benefitting us and then the acquisitions contributing mid single-digits. That still contributing to our outlook for the year of earnings per diluted share of 535 to 555, that still includes $0.25 of restructuring and related costs and the savings in next year being at the same level of the cost this year, that's the plan. I would tell you that have 535 to 555 is certainly more challenging three months from one week we first established it as you look at particularly the impact on the Harsh & Hazardous, but the trade off is some of the strength that we've seen in the other parts of our business particularly the great performance that we're seeing improvement from the lighting side as well as some of our other businesses and utility being an example. So I would tell you are more cautious about that outlook when I was three months ago, but we also have gotten a lot of focus and attention around our cost reduction actions lot of possibilities but a very -- trying to maintain a very disciplined approach to returns and successful execution. And again the last piece on the outlook and the free cash flow continuing to target to be at 90% of net income. I think the other point that I would make is as we look at the year and certainly the bigger risks are in the second half of the year depending on how the Harsh & Hazardous plays out, there is any other softness. I think our normal calendarization might be a little different this year as we are particularly if you think about the challenges that we faced in the third quarter and fourth quarter of last year and the improvements in lighting that's going to continue throughout the year. So I think there is a little bit more of a bias towards the third quarter from the second quarter as well I think there is a some of our restructuring actions have some other implications one in particular will be on our tax rate, some of the things will result in as were currently anticipating a little higher tax rate in the second quarter than normal. Don't think its going to affect the full year because there is other actions that will come out in the second half. But just to provide some color on that on different balance. So all-in-all were still working, lot of year still to go, lot of opportunity to continue to address some of the market challenges that we face, but at the same time some optimism around at least our performance in some of the markets that can continue would be well on our way to maintain this. So with that, Maria I'll turn it back to you and if you want to see for questions. 
Maria Lee: Sure, so Chris I think we can open it up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And your first quarter question is from Rich Kwas with Wells Fargo Securities. Your line is open. 
Rich Kwas: On the restructuring, so the $0.25 and now that were three months into the year, what are your thoughts around having to do incremental restructuring and now that you have more visibility on the state of the business. And is there more to do as we think about next year you typically do little bit restructuring every year but just trying get a sense for '16 it's going to get back to a normalized rate in '16 or if there is number thats probably maybe above that.
Dave Nord: Rich I would say, it's just only April and you want '16 guidance, already, really pushing. But on the restructuring I understand and I would say that as were -- as the organization has been much more proactive in identifying, evaluating and stressing potential opportunities, I would say that there is more opportunities that were identifying and that would likely be could be a little bit more of this year although again I have got to remind our team that we got to make sure that whatever we decide to do were going to deliver the savings, and we can execute successfully.  But I think there are some things that we will certainly move into, if not start it by the end of this year, move into '16. And so the level of spending should not be higher than this year, but it would more likely than not be higher than our normal historical run rate. So there is a still little bit catch up going into the next year.
Rich Kwas: And then Bill on the buyback, so pretty meaningful relative to trends for the quarter 76 million. What are your thoughts about, is this going to be -- do you think this is going to be more consistent approach to returning capital. I know you're focused on M&A and keeping powder-dry but there is an argument to be made that act now and then you have to take on some leverage later in the year, next year for a bigger acquisition that would create more shareholder value. So just wanted to get your updated thoughts there?
Bill Sperry: I would say Rich that the $100 million a year, I think is more likely the new-new than $76 million a quarter I would say. So I think a higher level of activity but this we sort of got an early I would describe it get an early jump on it this year rather than just spreading it equally throughout the quarters.
Rich Kwas: And then Harsh & Hazardous, so based on what you are seeing right now there is incremental pressure, I guess just taking a temperature 20 to 25. Dave what's your level of confidence at this point and I realize it's a fluid market but with your customers what you're hearing and seeing out there from them, how would you characterize confidence level in that number at this point?
Dave Nord: I think thats from my standpoint our best estimate from what were seeing and hearing. I mean certainly were cautious because there are some indicators you look at rig count down to 50% and that would drive a more dramatic impact. We have heard and were starting to hear a little bit about some pushups into '16, not in a large way but when you first hear about them there is a potential for more. And then not surprisingly as a result of the magnitude to get into little more pricing pressure out there. So I would say from the volume standpoint I feel pretty good about the 20 to 25, I think what remains to be seen is that the margin impact become greater. I think certainly that magnitude of volume change causes us at least another nickel of headwind at least and thats assuming that there isn't a dramatic in pricing. So were very focused on that, but it's a little too early make a absolutely firm call as you know our business a lot of business is driven in the second quarter into the early in the third. So we are monitoring this closely and to extent we see something different and were also listening very carefully to what other people are experiencing as well. And as a long way to answer to hope you are getting through it I'm confident at this number today but we're monitoring it on a daily basis.
Operator: Your next question is from Christopher Glynn with Oppenheimer. Your line is open. 
Christopher Glynn: So, it seems like you're one of the few companies where the quarter actually went as expected, at least on the surface. I'm just wondering if there was anything strange about the linearity in general or in specific businesses, kind of the March versus January look and maybe a comment on April.
Dave Nord: Yes. I would say Chris your word linearity I think is a great word because I would love to have in it and we really don't try it, so for example I would say March started reasonably choppy and ended strong and so there is not a tonne of linearity within a month even that alone from month to month. And so there were interesting things in the quarter like businesses where we do a lot of grounding that are the weather sensitive stuff was a little softer than we had hoped and then as Dave said some of that other non-res was reasonably okay. So it's difficult to get to linearity and therefore your second question about April, were 21 shipping days -- sorry 15 I think shipping days into the months and there is nothing unusual in that pattern given that we've had ups and down. So the order pattern was in April I'd say is consistent with the way Dave was describing our outlook but it is not a nice smooth consistent linear set of data with which to make our forecast.
Christopher Glynn: But the year-over-years didn't really diverge comparing say January and March.
Dave Nord: Yes I would say -- no I think between those months you just saw choppiness within the months now you didn't see a big intra-quarter like backend loading our anything like that.
Christopher Glynn: And then, Dave, did you say that you have your traditional seasonal peak into the third quarter, you said that would likely be accentuated this year?
Dave Nord: No more on the -- I was talking more about the earning side in our profitability and the balance and profitability I think the seasonality of our volume in the third quarter is the point of caution because I expect that to be the same. And so much is dependent on that when I look at the full year outlook it clearly as dependent on the third quarter playing out as would be normal from a volume standpoint.
Christopher Glynn: And if we look at the roughly $0.20 remaining in restructuring to get to the $0.25 for the year.  Could you just comment generally how we would spread that out? And also, any kind of early information you could give on expected timing and amounts of savings from this year's restructuring?
Dave Nord: I think that it'll be restructuring let's not take the timing of the cost first certainly we're getting more traction were initiating more actions and I would expect the second quarter to be at least that twice the level of the first quarter. Could be a little bit more but that it's around the executability and the action items. From a savings standpoint actually to the extent that they are staffing related actions in the first half, you'll start to see some of those benefits in the second half but on the facility side by comparison those benefits don't start to get realized until late in a year or early next year because it's more of the tail on that. So we're expecting that to currently looking for some min single-digit savings as we exit the year something in not that order magnitude curve.
Christopher Glynn: Mid single-digit out millions?
Dave Nord: Million yes.
Christopher Glynn: And then when all grossed up and you're at the full run rates, would it be comparable for the spend?
Dave Nord: Yes.
Operator: Your next question is from Mike Wood with Macquarie. Your line is open.
Mike Wood: It seems like non-res seems to be one of the bright spots by end market. You gave the lighting growth, but I'm curious if the first quarter organic growth for non-res in total is tracking in line or above your full year forecast. And if you just give what kind of trends you are seeing there in terms of if you're expecting that to slow down or if recent trends have been more robust and could exceed your expectations?
Dave Nord: I think Mike what you are seeing is our used to that description that we think that we outperformed the end market a little bit. So you are right to point out that both C&I lighting and some of the non-res businesses grew higher than that end market outlook of the 6% that Dave described, but thats what we think that was. So were not expecting market deceleration if that was your question.
Mike Wood: But just in terms of the non-res overall growth, do you have that number just relative to where it was in the first quarter to that end market?
Dave Nord: We think that end market is consistent with our 5% to 6% outlook. I don't think there is a lot of choppiness there.
Mike Wood: And then in terms of utilities, I know you are expecting a lot of the growth from transmission rather than distribution. What do you think prevents that distribution market from just getting to a more typical GP type growth rate?
Dave Nord: I think we need to see housing expansion continue and to get the construction to continue to the point where that all that last mile hookup is needed. I also think is got on the MRO side. So really that D is driven by MRO, and we need utilities to have some good financial quarters where they feel like they have got, because that MRO spend as you know comes out of their operating budget not their capital budget. And so we need them to feel comfortable spending on the operating side thats based on the amount of revenue they can generate which would be helpful if they had some support from their local commissions on pricing and things like that. But it's I think they got some interesting challenges and fuel price changeovers and where they are putting their attention and their dollars right now. So there is a lot of competition for those dollars. But I agree with you it will be -- it should be in that nice normal GDP level typically. 
Operator: Your next question is from the Noelle Dilts with Stifel. Your line is open.
Dave Nord: Noel we can't hear you, if you're on mute maybe.
Operator: It looks like he's dropped from the queue. So we'll take the next question which is from Brent Thielman with D.A. Davidson. Your line is open. 
Brent Thielman: In terms of the Harsh & Hazardous outlook a little worse than maybe previously thought. Is there a competitive factor built in there as well? Are you starting to see the pricing pressure in that business for the nice margins you tend to how they are holding up?
Bill Sperry: Brent I would say that the outlook that Dave described has kind of this U shape to it, right? Where the first quarter though down dramatically is not down as bad as we expect year and then it will hang down there I think for a while. And so the pricing the days where were seeing kind of the more normal pricing dynamic against that lower volume haven't happened yet. So I think thats all still in front of us and to extent that competitive reaction is strong there. Thats still I think a little bit ahead of us. So what were describing in our outlook is still ahead of us not something that is based off of run rates that were experiencing right now.
Brent Thielman: And then Bill you mentioned that the deals you done coming in at lower margin this year, is those anniversarying and moving to next year most or all those become margin accretive to have those consolidated or all of equal in terms of your mix?
Bill Sperry: Yes, I would say that in general thats a reasonable assumption I think this batch is maybe going to take a couple of years to get to that point but your mindset is right that our expectation is to be able to take something and improve upon where it was and make it more like incremental to our fixed cost and therefore contribute that incremental accretive contribution.
Operator: And we've no further questions in the queue at this time. I will turn the call back over to Ms. Lee for any closing remarks.
Maria Lee: Well we know it's a busy day so thanks for taking the time to join us this morning. I will be available throughout the day for questions, and feel free to call if you have any follow-up. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen this concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q4  (2015-01-29 10:00:00) =====
Executives: James M. Farrell - Vice President of Strategic Planning and Investor Relations David G. Nord - Chairman, President, Chief Executive Officer and Member of Executive Committee William R. Sperry - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: Nigel E. Coe - Morgan Stanley & Co. Inc. Richard M Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC Christopher D. Glynn - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. Ryan K. Edelman - Vertical Research Partners, LLC Charles Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan Chase & Co
Operator: Good morning, my name is Beth, and I will be your conference operator. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to our Hubbell Incorporated Fourth Quarter Earnings Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Jim Farrell, you may begin your conference.
James M. Farrell: Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. I am here today with our Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, Dave Nord; and our Chief Financial Officer, Bill Sperry. Hubbell announced its fourth quarter results for 2014 this morning. The press release and earnings slide materials have been posted to the Investors section of our website at www.hubbell.com. Please note that our comments this morning may include statements related to the expected future results of our Company and are, therefore, forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Therefore, please note the discussion of forward-looking statements in our press release and consider it incorporated by reference into this call. In addition, comments may also include non-GAAP financial measures. Those measures are reconciled to the comparable GAAP measures and are included in the press release and the earnings slide materials. And with that, let me turn the call over to Dave.
David G. Nord: All right. Thanks, Jim. Thanks everybody for joining. I am just going to give a little bit of perspective on our finish to the year then Ill let Bill in the normal course go through some of the details in the fourth quarter and full-year, and Ill come back to wrap it up and provide more insights into our outlook for next year. Fourth quarter results as you have seen I am quite pleased with the performance in the quarter, particularly as we are recovering from the challenges that popped up in the third quarter that we knew we are going to face for the rest of the year. The organization certainly focused on finishing the year very strong and I think we see that in our  at least in our fourth quarter results good improvement. You see weve got sales up 5% in the quarter, nice balance between the organic side and the acquisitions contributing and I think some of our markets in the quarter were particularly good and our performance in those markets, particularly on our C&I Lighting which was up double-digits in the quarter. Our Power business putting up some good organic growth numbers are two positives. So I think thats good and of course acquisition contributing. Currency we saw some of the currency headwind starting to creep-in the fourth quarter. And well talk more about that later. On the margin side operating margins of 14.9%, which certainly down from last year, but better than we were anticipating as a result of our focus on addressing some of the issues identified and that 14.9% includes some of the restructuring actions we talk about that, process about 50 basis points. So all of that leading to diluted earnings per share of a $1.38 which has $0.06 restructuring cost, so all-in-all I am pleased with the recovery from the challenges that we identified in the third quarter and the actions taken and well talk later about the action that are in process of being initiated and planned. With that Bill, why dont you get into some details and then Ill come back.
William R. Sperry: Thanks, Dave very much and thanks everybody for joining us, we are aware thats a busy time and a non-news items out there we are appreciative of these thing time with us this morning, I am going to use the slide that Jim reference to guide my comments this morning. Ill be referring to the page numbers as we go through. So I am starting on Page 3, the summary of the fourth quarter. It was a good quarter, nice solid finish to the year. We had orders strengths throughout, right through the end of the year that provided the balance that Dave referenced, that organic growth of 3% reasonably strong through sequentially throughout the year balanced by the 3% from acquisition so 5% sales growth. The OP margin of 14.9% observed some of the mix headwinds that weve been discussing all year as the non-res markets which are out growing our other markets happen to contain business with lower margins for us as well as the restructuring actions. And Ill just try to pause and give you a little bit of flavor of what those actions have been during the fourth quarter. Largely put them into buckets, one sort of targeted headcount reduction in businesses that we are looking for more efficiency. And the second and larger bucket was facility rationalization so on the facility we initiated actions at four different facilities all within the electrical segment on the lighting side. Including one distribution center and few small manufacturing locations and one slightly larger manufacturing location, where those projects reach proceeding, but they are not even I would say halfway done yet. We still have the point of needing to move the PP&E and get the production into the receiving plans. So those projects take some time, you get some of the upfront cost now similar in the first half of 2015 and the benefits will start to see in the second half of the year and I think that Dave will be describing a new level of those activities going through 2015 as we focus on making sure we manage our cost base as efficiently and effectively as possible. Page 4, covers the end markets and how they are contributing to that organic sales growth rate of 3% and you see on the non-res side really one of the bring spots of the end markets both new construction and rental both going strong, some of our business lines C&I Lighting that Dave referenced at double-digits and rough-in electrical both going strong as they face up against those markets. And you see the real mix nature of our industrial end markets where the more manufacturing base broadly speaking growing modestly versus the Harsh & Hazardous and high voltage test equipment both showing strong negative trends end market wise in the quarter. Utility market overall was positive, the strength coming more from the transmission and substation side where distribution was reasonably flat for us. And resi continues to show growth helping to support that blended 3% organic growth rate. Page 5, we try to breakdown the two components of our operating profit into the gross margin and our SG&A. You will see on the gross margin side we are in 32.4% in the fourth quarter decline of 120 basis points largely driven by these three factors here where we saw price cost and productivity headwind in the quarter where pricing material cost were actually quite neutral. So the headwind came on the cost inflation side that Dave made reference to where some of those costs on managing our lighting platform as we discussed on our last call as we had expected running little bit higher through the fourth quarter here. We also had to absorb restructuring cost and the mix headwind which drove the result in gross margin. S&A is going the other way, we have improvement in S&A where the dollar increase is driven by our acquisitions and partially by some other restructuring activity. The 3% growth rate there less than our sales growth, so resulting in 30 basis points of improvement of S&A as a percentage of sales and that continues now a good three-year trend of leveraging S&A as a percentage of sales companywide. Page 6, is our operating profit and is really just the outcome of those two driver, so you see the 14.9% OP, $126 million with gross margin driving down in S&A going the other way and supporting. On Page 7, we get into non-operating side of the income statement and other expense you see we picked up a couple million less expense in the fourth quarter of this year down to $8 million that difference attributable to some foreign exchange losses we had last year that did not repeat this year. And on the tax rate side, you see a significant headwind there of 300 basis points. That headwind was driven by discrete adjustments which more than absorbed the R&D implementation that finally came in the fourth quarter and the mix that we are describing between non-res and some of those industrial markets, its also has a big effect on our tax rate. So for example, the high voltage test equipment and Harsh & Hazardous businesses tend to be more international and those earnings tend to be in lower tax jurisdictions versus our high growth areas of non-res tends to be domestic earnings here in the U.S. were at a higher tax jurisdictions. So the net of those effects gave us about $0.06 headwind from tax. Page 8, you will see quite comparable levels of net income at $81 million for the fourth quarter of 2014, down less than a percent from prior year and you will see comparable EPS at $1.38 absorbing that $0.06 of restructuring costs. So that $1.38 was aided by some share repurchases that we did in the fourth quarter, we acquired about 70 million worth of shares. The impact of that activity will likely be felt more next year. You really dont see much impact during the fourth quarter, we were buying really right up to the blackout window and so we are expecting to see that affect kind of carryover into next year, little bit more than impacted fourth quarter. On Page 9, we transitioned here to talking now about our two segments electrical and power and well start with electrical, youve seen in the fourth quarter there in $605 million of sales, 3% increase from prior year, which is again some of that balance Dave referenced, organic being up 2% acquisitions helping with three and FX being a two point drag, that 2% organic was being driven by strong non-res. As weve discussed our commercial construction in C&I Lighting businesses both in double-digits helping drive that, at the same time industrial was quite mixed, were high voltage text equipment that was down double-digit Harsh & Hazardous down low single-digits in the quarter versus our other manufacturing base business were up. The operating profit you will see generated $81.7 million of OP, 13.5% of sales declined from the prior year driven the restructuring cost. So all those actions that we highlighted for the fourth quarter were in this segment as well as having to bear some of the mix headwinds that we discussed. On Page 10, we switch to the power segments and here youll see impressive growth of 10% up to $243 million of sales you will see the organic growth rate of 7% compares very favorably to last year, which I just want to highlight, is it was quite an easy compare last years fourth quarter, we were down about four points on power sales. So and I think you will see next year the first quarter also slightly easy compare and I think thats exaggerating that 7% organic growth rate a little bit. The acquisitions of 5%, you will see skewing towards acquisitions here in power, they had quite active year we will talk about in just a minute and FX and price were each about a point drag to the overall. As we said the distribution was quite flat and that growth was being driven by transmission. and substation spending. You see on the operating profit performance side 10 basis point improvement to 18.2% they had nice productivity benefits in this segment, but we were finding the markets to be reasonably price competitive and that prevented I think the margins from expanding further. Page 11, we talk about cash flow for the quarter, you see a good level of cash flow, comparable levels of net income, slightly higher D&A as a result of our acquisition activity. Working capital was slightly lower source for us as we had some inventory build in the fourth quarter supported by those higher order rates that we saw and the need to make sure we have our service levels carrying into the first quarter are intact. You see a slight improvement in other which is higher deferred taxes offset by some pension funding and I just will pause on pension just for a minute to give you all description and some of the changes that we experienced on the pension side. So the new mortality tables caused us to increase our liability in the order magnitude of about 5% to us thats about $40 million and so plus we had obviously lower interest rates and that impacted us threefold. One is we had the higher level of liabilities, two is we funded about half of those in December about $20 million pension funding and we are managing our assets in the portfolio to a higher level of risk and the net impact of all of that, we will create a drag next year on pension expenses of about $3 million as we get into taking about next year, but I just want to give you a snapshot of how that pension changes are impacting us and both the quarter and next year. So Page 12, really switches now to the full-year results and you will see the sales growth of 6% at about $3.4 billion of sales that 6% was contributed 2% from organic and 4% from acquisitions. So again our business model showing the balance and the importance of that year-in and year-out contribution from acquisitions. Last year, for 2013 the full-year contribution from deals was about 3%, so this showing some acceleration an increase in activity that that were pleased with and helping to drive our performance for 2014. And with that maybe Ill pause and talk for a second about the acquisition program. So for the year of 2014 we close seven deals spread across the portfolio pretty nicely one was in lighting, two were in electrical, and four in power systems that shows a nice increase by our utility business and pick up in their deal activity. For those seven deals we invested close to $185 million OP from those was in low double-digit so it creates a little bit of drag on margin, but good contribution to earnings and we are paying in kind of the mid sevens of EBITDA multiples for those deals. That just gives you a little flavor of our acquisition activity. And you will see the 15.4% margins on OP, so quite healthy down 50 basis points to prior year, which is about 10 to 20 better than we had discussed in Q3, so strong finish to get that better performance. You see some of that tax rate headwind continued for the full-year and quite comparable levels net income in EPS. Page 13, we talk about the full year for electrical, organic growth was 3% total sales growth of 6% to $2.4 billion you see there, again resi demand was good for the year, non-res was good both across C&I Lighting and commercial construction and the industrial mixed performance was similar to the full year where Harsh & Hazardous high volt had negative compares year-over-year versus things like wiring and industrial controls were strong. The operating profit of 14.1% declined to prior year, we had those cost in excess of productivity as weve discussed and the mix headwinds that weve discussed. Page 14, we have the full-year for power, you will see 4% sales growth to $961 million, Acquisition were 4%, the organic was about 2%, price in FX a drag of 2% combined. You will see on the OP performance side, 60 basis points of margin expansion to $180 million of OP, good productivity, those incrementals if you measure them are in the 30s probably not normal, because you see this lower facility consolidation so cost prior year in 2013, the first half was impacted by a recently acquired facility that we closed. So those costs were in 2013 and the productivity benefits were in 2014, so we see a little bit of skewing of margin expansion to the favorable from the power side. Full-year cash flows page 15, similar story to the quarter where you had comparable levels of income, higher levels of D&A from the higher deals, working capital slightly more efficient there and you see the impact of the pension funding on other and comparable a little bit higher CapEx to drive free cash flow of $332 million, that CapEx number I think Dave at the end will talk more about some of our plans on cost restructuring actions and think we can anticipate a ramp up for this CapEx as we think about next year. Capital structure, you see $654 million of cash that overstates just a little less in the first month of the year, in January we closed on three deals accounting to approximately $125 million of investment. So we put some of that cash to use already here in the first month, and you see a debt to cap ratio of 24% with our revolver being unutilized. So the year end review, I will give you some thoughts and ask Dave to share his, as he progresses into our outlook. But the 6% sales growth, again I think that balance Dave mentioned between acquisitions and organic is healthy sign that our business model is exceeding, operating profit grew at 2%. I think you saw nice performance at our power segment there 4% growth, 18.7% OP, 60 basis points and margin expansion very strong from them. Electrical guys had to overcome some of the warranty and related expenses that we had in our lighting business as they adapt to higher rates of LED adoption and some of those mix headwinds, but we have began some very important restructuring work there in that segment that will carry into this new year here. And just to highlight the cash investments deployment strategy here you saw about $180 million in the seven deals, dividend increase of 12% and I mention the $70 million in the fourth quarter of shares repurchased, weve done another 35 previously, so about a $105 million of shares repurchased for the year and at this early stage of the year for 2015 that feels like we should be thinking about comparable levels of share repurchase this year and we have authorization to do $230 million, so we do have some flexibility there. And with that I will turn it back to Dave.
David G. Nord: All right, thanks Bill. Yes, before we close out 2014, let me just give you a couple of comments and perspective. We accomplished a lot in 2014 and I dont want to loose sight of that, obviously we had our challenges, but as Bill mentioned, accomplishments increasing our dividend, investing in acquisitions, ramping up our share repurchase, I think are all highlights. I think as we said here a year ago, we though that our sales would be up 5% to 6% with balance between acquisitions and organic and I think we outperformed on the acquisition side and I would suggest we underperformed on the organic side. I think the markets may have contributed some of that but I think thats an area that we got to have more focus on and we have more focused on for 2015. Our operating profit, based on our guidance we would have been just north of 16%, finishing the year and instead we are finishing at 15.4% and I think a big part of that is some of the challenges that we faced within the lighting business for sure and maybe a little underestimation of what the mix implications were going to be around our high voltage and Harsh & Hazardous business. So weve learned a lot from that. We obviously dont want to loose sight of earning more than $300 million better than 15% margins, but still we recognized that and were disappointed that we came about 30% short of our own expectations and Ill put that equally between our forecasting on the margin expansion and our execution within the lighting businesses. Both of those things are important to consider as we look into our guidance and things that we contemplate as we are looking at 2015 and the actions that we are taking. So with that let me turn it over to our outlook for 2015. First on the end markets, we talked about the end markets three months ago on our third quarter call there has been some change in most of our markets and a significant change in line. Starting, at 1 oclock our utility business we said was going to flat, the slight growth and I think that, maybe has a little bit of improvement, more definition around 1% to 2% growth. The residential side we said was going to be high single digit and I would say that what we are thinking thats a little bit weaker based on some of the indicators that are out there, but still you know good 6% to 8% growth. The non-residential side certainly all the indicators point to that continuing to improve, we are at 3% to 5% before we think thats more or like 5% to 6%. On the industrial side now something we think was important to separate embedded in our industrial historically was our Harsh & Hazardous business and with the movements being pretty much consistent in a business that represents 10% or so of our overall business. It was okay to do that, but obviously there are some dynamics going on in that sector that with we wanted to make sure that we were clearly and good spike that out. So the core industrial business we still think is up 3% to 5%, last time we added up 3% to 4% that was with Harsh & Hazardous actually still continuing to improve. Obviously, we are all aware there is a big significant change I mean we were at this time in October weve talk for a long time about $80 oil being above $80 being good, the low $80 being more challenging. At the time, I think we were about $82 or $84 and since then its been a weakly progression to yes it might dip below $80 but it will pop back well it might dip below $70 it will pop back and thats been ongoing. To the point that were at now, which is down almost 50% from that level. So when you look at that that magnitude of drop we have been working very hard to trying assess what that means to us. And obviously in a worst case youd say well if its down $50 your markets going to be down $50. Were obviously not seeing that yet we dont expect to see that somewhat of a function of where you play into market, but our assessment of the end market that we participate in is going to be down 15% to 20%. And so all of that comes together to suggest as we are looking at end market growth of 1% to 2%, we had 3% to 4% before but I think you know the impact of Harsh & Hazardous cant be underestimated and weve got to deal with it. Okay. So what is that mean to our segments, you know our power segment got a third of the business, with our slight growth in 1% to 2% on the D&P plus acquisitions with a little bit of FX headwind, we think they will be up 5% to 6%. On the electrical side, certainly we expect to participate in the solid growth in the construction markets. Weve got to deal with Harsh & Hazardous down 15% to 20%. Our industrial growth is up and in acquisitions well contribute another 5% to 6% with some FX headwind there as well. So overall we are forecasting 5% to 7% overall sales growth, okay. So all that is leading to in earnings per share outlook as we cite a range and this and this is something that we are coming back to providing specific earnings per share guidance, we havent done that for a number of years, weve tried to provide a lot of pieces and allow investors to make their own judgments, but with all of the dynamics that are going on, story certainly has gotten more complicated and so we want to make sure that we're clear as to what our expectations are and then Ill take you through how we get there, but that $5.35 to $5.55 includes $0.25 of restructuring and related cost, which we are taking actions this year that we expect to realize the benefits at those levels in 2016. And free cash flow forecasting to be a little bit less than net income, simply because as Bill mentioned were contemplating additional investment as part of the restructuring action in capital around our facilities, around our plant productivity and automation that will be incremental to this years levels. Okay. So to try and make it even clear on page 21, Ive got a bit of a - just to give you sense of how we look at this earnings guidance. And if we start with our $5.48 that we are delivering this year, in the normal course our core growth combined with acquisitions would be delivering some where between 60% and 75%. $0.75 of earnings, which would put us squarely in the $6 to $6.15 range which is the sort of where we were targeting to do taking into account some of the mixed headwind that we have faced last year. Unfortunately, weve got two big impacts that we are facing, that weve got to address. One is the Harsh & Hazardous which if you do the math on 11% of our business down 15% to 20% with what weve continually said is one of our highest margin businesses, the decrementals of that unfortunately painful. Weve also got currency which the new item that were challenged by as we started this year more dramatic weakening of foreign currencies. So the combination of those would be in the magnitude of $0.35 to $0.40. So as a result of some of that particularly the Harsh & Hazardous market weve had to increase our emphasis on our cost reduction actions, we already had contemplated and initiated some around our lighting business, but to continue to improve and deliver on our productivity, we need to increase our level of investment around restructuring and take some actions to address the market challenges that we are fully facing in Harsh & Hazardous. So thats the $0.25 that leads us to our $5.35 to $5.55. I am very confident in that number if the market behaves as we expect. We need to execute on our plans I think the team learned a lot last year particularly in around realism in their planning and forecasting. If we dont have realistic forecast we guaranteed not to take the actions that are necessary to improve those forecast if we dont like them, if we wait until they happen we are behind. And so the team is very much focused on getting ahead of that and thats why you see a much higher level of restructuring and related cost. There is certainly a lot of other things that we will move around in here, but these are the - whether youve got tax and the impact of an R&D or the implications from share repurchase both the impact from last years and what we contemplate this year and those are levers that we are working on. So this is our starting point, it is by no means our ending point and the team is very much focused on continuing to improve and outperform this outlook. So with that, let me open it up, turn it back to Jim, open it up to Q&A. So we can address some of your questions.
James M. Farrell: Okay, lets go ahead and open it up.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Nigel Coe, Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Nigel E. Coe: Thanks, good morning.
David G. Nord: Good morning, Nigel.
Nigel E. Coe: I hate to start off with the obvious question, but Harsh & Hazardous, I mean seen in the charts of scale, so if I just run the ruler over the task. It looks like $0.40, $0.50 of headwinds you are expecting from that is that about the right zone?
William R. Sperry: No, Id say its little less than that Nigel.
Nigel E. Coe: Okay. Can you give us the number?
William R. Sperry: I would say its more in the $0.20 to $0.25 range.
Nigel E. Coe: Okay, okay. And obviously the down 15% and 20%, can you maybe just help us think about how you got to that number, is it single in the air, any kind of guess based on customer conversations, what gives you the contents thats 15% and 20% is the right zone?
David G. Nord: I would say all of those things are what we take into account as well as what others are seeing, we are accessing our own business. We think our business is probably 75% upstream. As I said earlier, I think we started with a very simplistic oil down 50%, so the business could be down 50%, but thats probably, thats overly simplistic depending on where we play. We had conversations with some customers, but that they are all coming up with different views depending on their own perspective. So I think weve come up with the likely scenario this 15% to 20% down keep in mind we didnt see that didnt happen in the fourth quarter, we are not seeing that level of down so far this year. So and I suggest that we are contemplating that there is a more significant decline as the year goes on more to the tune of potentially finishing the year down 25% to 30%. And its important and the reason we are doing that and listen I might be conservative, I hope I am, but its important that we are focused on what the implications are, so we are taking the actions that are possible and necessary to try to medicate that within the business and throughout the rest of our enterprise, so.
David G. Nord: I would say Nigel, the most helpful analysis I thought we did with going back to 2008, 2009 timeframe and looking at what prices did and what impact that had on our sales and that was probably the most informative of the different techniques that you described.
Nigel E. Coe: Okay thats great and I appreciate the color David, but can you maybe just talk about how this business - the price and volume impacted in 2008, 2009 and perhaps on top of that what you are assuming for price in 2015?
David G. Nord: I think what we saw - to me this is like a two level ratchet on Harsh & Hazardous for us. So in 2014, the business shrunk low single-digits Nigel and in so doing I think lost some of that price power that it had and the margins went from great to good and that was part of what Dave described as maybe forecasting miss on our side during the year of 2014. And so now were trying to anticipate steeper volume drop offs and that we dont have current data as Dave was saying, the order rates are not consistent with down 20%. So we are sort of making some anticipatory guess work here.
Nigel E. Coe: Oh, sure. I appreciate that but the down 15% to 20% is that mainly volume at this stage?
David G. Nord: Yes.
Nigel E. Coe: Yes. Okay, thanks, guys.
William R. Sperry: Yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rich Kwas, Wells Fargo Securities. Your line is open.
Richard M. Kwas: Hi, good morning, everyone.
William R. Sperry: Hey, Rich.
Richard M. Kwas: Just I mean some quick math; so on the Harsh & Hazardous 30% decramental is that what you are assuming Dave and Bill on...
David G. Nord: Yes thats what were assuming.
Richard M. Kwas: Okay, all right.
David G. Nord: Roughly.
Richard M. Kwas: And then is there a sensitivity we can think of with the growth to rig counts and the impact on your business. I understand, its fluid right now you are not seeing that in the real-time data and you are anticipating it, but as we go forward here, is there a way to think about in terms of percentage change in rig count and how that would potentially affect your business either way?
William R. Sperry: We tried looking at that Rich and we werent able to come up with an equation that would be satisfactory to you or to us.
Richard M. Kwas: Okay, okay.
William R. Sperry: Well keep looking at it though.
Richard M. Kwas: Okay, all right. And then on the margin decline ex-restructuring for the year within the guidance. How much of that is M&A and how much of that is just a Harsh & Hazardous impact if youve yet to split out and come over 40 or 50 basis point decline if you accept restructuring?
David G. Nord: I think the acquisitions Rich would be around 30 basis points in margin contributing to margin decline.
Richard M. Kwas: Okay, so thats most of it.
David G. Nord: Yes.
Richard M. Kwas: X restructuring, okay. All right, and then Bill on your comment about buybacks, so you expect to do a $100 million or so this year, you did $70 million in the fourth quarter, with the stock down 20 bucks or so from the highs balance sheet still in very good shape, whats the thought process of why not to stretch the balance sheet a little bit as it relates to typical Hubbell standards and take advantage of the stock being done a bit here, more aggressively I should say.
William R. Sperry: Ill take that Rich, that is an ongoing conversation now we have and its a certainly an ongoing discussion sometimes debate with by Chief Financial Engineer and economic guy. And one of the issues that we are always pushing on and its my strong view is that Id understand the desire to do that, but if Ive got a choice my priority is on acquisitions which have the opportunity for earnings growth going forward. So and as you saw we closed three deals already this year or little over $125 million. Okay, so as we are finishing the year we do ramp up share buyback, but we know weve got some of these transactions that are close to closing and thats always the debate that we have when we are looking at the pipeline whats likely, but that is an ongoing discussion and if there are an opportunity other alternatives, good alternatives we would ramp up share buyback.
Richard M. Kwas: Okay, all right thanks.
William R. Sperry: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Christopher Glynn, Oppenheimer. Your line is open.
Christopher D. Glynn: Thanks, good morning.
David G. Nord: Good morning Chris.
Christopher D. Glynn: Good morning, Dave. Just wanted to review a little bit of the linearity for the year and I think I got my answer with the Nigels Q&A, but I was going to ask with the 1% to 2% organic for the year and the easier weather comp in the first quarter I guess thats kind of offset by the you have the Harsh & Hazardous stating through the year that kind of washes that out I guess?
David G. Nord: I think thats right. I think thats right.
Christopher D. Glynn: Okay and then on the Lighting just so we put the impact in properly, I think it translates into little over 20 million pretax. Should we think about that all in lighting and then kind of what proportion in the first quarter and the first half maybe?
David G. Nord: Its definitely not all in lighting I mean its really although there is a significant element within lighting. And I think its we are trying to execute it, the key is to execute it effectively. And the best way to do that this to would ratably throughout the year, thats the ideal it doesnt always look that way. So I think we are planning on it happening that way but it may slide between quarters.
Christopher D. Glynn: Okay gotcha. And then just in terms of some growth rates as we subdivide the organization. Could you comment on U.S. organic growth in the quarter? And then any comments on the lighting business?
William R. Sperry: Yes, I would say starting with lighting Chris you know we had really nice growth rates on the C&I side we had the resi business along with some of the other national account facing parts of lighting have very lumpy demand dynamics were big orders last year some destocking on some of those projects this year which created some more difficult compares there, but you saw mid-teens growth in C&I inclusive of doing a deal and more or like 10% organic. And so very strong dynamics within lighting from a market perspective and I think trends that give us enthusiasm as we look into the New Year for lighting I think on the resi side certainly some of that data keeps coming in and mixed and some of the homebuilders are giving I think some more modest sort of outlooks certainly Texas market or things that might be over exposed to the oil space seem to be more cautious than others. But in general I think we still the resi support is good for lighting. So, in terms of your geography question, so domestically that non-resi piece is essentially for us  essentially all domestic. And thats where we saw some of the decent growth. Some of them are more international facing businesses are Harsh & Hazardous and high volt which both was down I think maybe the exception would be our utility business which has got some exposure down in Latin America and in Asia. But in general, if you are generalizing you would say our domestic growth was strong and our international growth was negative.
David G. Nord: Well, let me just add a couple other comments on lighting Chris.
Christopher D. Glynn: Yes.
David G. Nord: I think that certainly we had our challenges and disappointments currently in the third quarter and the second half of the year. One of the things that comes out of that is clearly a wake up call to the team at Lighting, which they are responding incredibly well to. One focusing on the issues that specific issues that came up, but more broadly some of the other implications and one for example when we talk about the pricing pressure and what you realize is that some of the pricing pressure is not so much the market pricing, but our attempts to try and get price to provide a margin with a cost structure, thats not acceptable. So its more of a cost issue than a pricing issue and so thats why there is much more aggressive action going into the cost side and particularly around the facilities. What I find satisfying is that in a short period of time from feedback from a variety of market participants from suppliers to customers. They have commented that they have seen a change in attitude and approach, much more aggressive, much more customer focus, much more thoughtful in a development of new products and the engineering around that. So all of that are indicators to me that were moving in the right direction and its just a question of how quickly we can realize the benefits of that. So its still early, but I feel a lot better about how that business is moving right now.
Christopher D. Glynn: Okay, Dave thats really interesting color, thanks. And whats the timeframe on that positive feedback youre getting is that it must just be the last couple of months even?
David G. Nord: Yes, its in the last couple of months.
Christopher D. Glynn: Great. And just any - what are the thoughts on warranty and obsolescence kind of one-off happenstance going forward?
David G. Nord: Well, the thoughts are its got to be better. There is a lot of focus on it and I think its a challenge within the industry as new participants with new technology have come in and offered up these wonderful warranties. And thats all fine the reality is if there is going to be a problem with a product its going to be early on and its going to be caused by poor production or poor design and thats where our focus has been, identified root cause and have addressed those and are much more focused on that consideration in product launches. And the challenge is to make sure that that doesnt unduly slowdown the product launches, so you fall behind, but you just take that into account in the development process. So I certainly expect that to be an improved performance I dont to size that amount yet, but Im hoping that that provide some of the tailwinds for the lighting business performance in 2015.
Christopher D. Glynn: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Sprague, Vertical Research Partners. Your line is open.
Ryan K. Edelman: Hi, guys good morning. Its actually Ryan sitting in for Jeff.
David G. Nord: Hey, Ryan.
Ryan K. Edelman: Hi, I was wondering if you could provide a little bit more color on the trends that you are seeing in transmission and substation both in the quarter and as we look out to 2015?
David G. Nord: Yes, Ryan, so the fourth quarter as Bill said the transmission and substation were little bit stronger. I think some of that has to do with the timing of shipments of some of the lumpier transmission projects, again weve talked a lot this year about small and medium size projects and I think a few of those broke free in Q4 I wouldnt view it as necessarily a significant uptick in underlying demand. I think some on the substation I think there was a little bit of push at the end of the year to do some maintenance on that. So we got a little lift in Q4. I think as we turned to 2015, I think our guys feel pretty good about again the pipeline of small to medium size projects and actually have cautious optimism that some of the larger stuff might actually come through, but again get you still to a 1% to 2% growth environment as we talked about, Q1 would probably be a lot stronger right, pretty easy comp and then it gets tougher as the year progresses.
Ryan K. Edelman: Okay, great thanks. And then on the pricing side within power specifically where exactly are you seeing the most competitive price pressure.
William R. Sperry: Ryan that comes on larger jobs where there is just more bidding pressure, there is reasonably high percentage of that business which is maintenance and repair and its not on that side, its more on the project side.
Ryan K. Edelman: Okay, great. Thanks guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Tusa, JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Charles Stephen Tusa: Hey, good morning.
David G. Nord: Hey, good morning, Steve.
Charles Stephen Tusa: So, just so Im clear are you basically the Harsh & Hazardous I mean is that 100% oil and gas that business?
William R. Sperry: No, so weve got about 70-ish is oil and gas, another 10% would be mining, youre up around 80% thats extractive industry Steve in that order of magnitude.
Charles Stephen Tusa: Okay, so that kind of dominates, it sound like you have oil and gas down 50% and other markets flat I mean it really kind of dominates the segment from that perspective.
William R. Sperry: Yes, it does Steve thats a good point I mean the way were thinking about it for oil and gas is really down more or like 20% to 25% for the 75% of Harsh & Hazardous right.
Charles Stephen Tusa: Right and thats already down right this year.
William R. Sperry: Existing the year slower but certainly nowhere near those levels and as Dave said Q1 youve got some projects that you know are finishing out through completion so Q1 probably wont be at the best indicator for how this things going.
Charles Stephen Tusa: Yep.
William R. Sperry: But yes, so as Dave said I think the back half is what were going to watch those 25%, 30% kind of numbers.
Charles Stephen Tusa: Right. And then just on the - youve talked a lot about pricing, but just on the commodity side. How are you guys planning on the commodity front, any tailwind there in 2015?
William R. Sperry: Yes, I mean as you can appreciate Steve its moving everyday but certainly the major commodities that we have are pretty good as you know the challenges is on the pricing side. So but absolutely the coppers, the steels all should help.
Charles Stephen Tusa: And youre embedding that, as of now.
William R. Sperry: It is embedded, but I wouldnt embed a net benefit of pricing commodity cost rise. So at PFR its moving quite a bit everyday, but I wouldnt view it as OP side.
Charles Stephen Tusa: Okay gotcha, gotcha. And the one last question, what it is on just on the bridge what exactly did you say the core was  did the core plus acquisition add this year from an EPS perspective I didnt quite catch that.
William R. Sperry: Somewhere between $0.60 and $0.75.
Charles Stephen Tusa: Okay so $0.60 and $0.75 and the restructuring as of now do you think that restructuring is kind of you know what you need to do would you envision another major restructuring in 2016? It seems like a pretty big swing you taken here. And then that you got a lot of good projects in the pipe I mean did you feel like okay, what good there, we are kind of control with what weve set out there on restructuring?
David G. Nord: I think its too early to call on that, I think it is when I look at one element of our cost structure which really is our footprint, the cost to shrink that are not insignificant. And I think it is possible that we get the momentum and cadence down that we would be more aggressive on that. Thats not to say that $0.25 there would be another $0.25 incremental, but that certainly could be the level of expenditure next year, its possible. But again its too early to tell this, I wouldnt say its all  all right go ahead.
Charles Stephen Tusa: Right, so you wouldnt look at it and say hey $0.25 of cost this year, call it $0.30 you said, you are going to get more than that in net benefits in 2016. So its not quite a $0.55 flip, it is what you are saying for 2016?
William R. Sperry: Correct. Correct.
David G. Nord: I think one of the drivers Steve, the success of our acquisition programs means you are adding facilities and not each one of those is a world class or global scale kind of facility. As you kind of aggregate those it creates these opportunities. And we have been doing those in [1/zs and 2/zs] kind of year-in and year out. And I think the acquisitions program is starting to outstrip that. So thats really kind of whats behind it. 
Charles Stephen Tusa: So in essence, its kind of somewhere between a big one-timer and kind of a multi-year restructuring story, kind of somewhere between that. I guess.
William R. Sperry: Yes, I would say its somewhere between that. What I believe is certainly for some portion of it the benefits could be greater and so in theory you could get $0.25 more next year. And still be able to pay for this stuff, but what I say is its still very early, but some of them  there is early cost, but tremendous benefits when you do these things, if you can do execute them successfully and thats always why its a little bit more cautious to get to that point.
Charles Stephen Tusa: Okay, we appreciate you running this stuff off through the EPS guidance; because there are lot of companies that adjusting strip some of the stuff out. So thanks for the visibility in running that through, its a more honest way to approach it.
William R. Sperry: Okay.
Charles Stephen Tusa: Thanks.
William R. Sperry: Thanks. End of Q&A
Operator: We will now turn the call back to Jim Farrell for his closing remarks.
James M. Farrell: Okay, thank you everyone for joining us again this morning, I know its a busy time. Certainly folks who have follow-up questions, feel free to reach out to me, Ill be around all day today and tomorrow. So thanks again, and well talk to you in the next conference. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes todays conference. You may now disconnect. Thank you.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-10-23 10:00:00) =====
Executives: James M. Farrell - Vice President of Strategic Planning and Investor Relations David G. Nord - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President and Member of Executive Committee William R. Sperry - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: Christopher Glynn - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division Richard Michael Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Jeffrey T. Sprague - Vertical Research Partners, LLC Charles Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Mike Wood - Macquarie Research
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Hubbell Incorporated's Third Quarter 2014 Update. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Jim Farrell. Please go ahead, sir.
James M. Farrell: Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. I'm here today with our President and Chief Executive Officer, Dave Nord; and our Chief Financial Officer, Bill Sperry. Hubbell announced its third quarter results for 2014 this morning. The press release and earnings slide materials have been posted to the Investors section of our website at www.hubbell.com. Please note that our comments this morning may include statements related to the expected future results of our company and are, therefore, forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Therefore, please note the discussion of forward-looking statements in our press release and consider it incorporated by reference into this call. In addition, comments may also include some non-GAAP financial measures. Those measures are reconciled to the comparable GAAP measures and are included in the press release and the earnings slide materials. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Dave.
David G. Nord: Great. Thanks, Jim. Good morning, everybody. We've got a lot to cover this morning. I'm going to spend some time providing some perspective on our performance this quarter. Bill will give you more of the details, and then I'll come back and share our view on the rest of the year and some very preliminary thoughts on next year. Overall, I would say our -- for the most part, our performance for the organization was good. Top line growth was good. Good organic growth, complemented with acquisitions that, I think, together, relative to the market, is pretty good. Operating margin of 15.9%, on an absolute basis, would also be pretty good by many standards. And that's all in. It doesn't include -- it doesn't exclude corporate cost, it doesn't exclude onetime cost or other nonrecurring and restructuring costs. However, it's not good enough by our standard. It's also -- it's not at the level that we experienced last year in the third quarter. And most disappointingly, it's not what we expected to do this year, and there's no one that's more disappointed than I am. When I think about how much effort, and many of you know that we've put into improving margins and the reliability of our forecasting over the last 8 years or so. Most of our businesses continued to perform at the high level we expected. But that's not enough this quarter to overcome the few businesses and issues more than typical that we faced. It's been a challenging quarter for us, but it's the fundamental strength of our businesses, and more importantly, the dedicated leaders and employees of this company that gives me continued confidence in the potential that we can realize in the company. So let me start a little bit on the sales side. As I said, we have sales up 7% with 4 points coming from organic growth, the other 3 coming from acquisitions. And most of our markets performed at or above expected levels. The nonresidential market saw a modest improvement with the renovation market activity still contributing. The residential market was good, but a little lower than expected -- than we expected. Some of that's due to change in the national account buying pattern. The industrial business was mixed with wiring device side of it, other industrial businesses performing well. But our Harsh & Hazardous business was lower, and our high voltage test equipment was down significantly. Unfortunately, those 2 markets, in particular, have historically provided some of our better margin opportunities. Last and certainly not least, our utilities business and the market improved from the slow first half. So I think all that is, for the most part, on the good side. The disappointment really comes on the margin line, where we ended up with operating margin of 15.9%. Let me take a few minutes to give you my perspective on what I see as some of the key drivers to that result, to the lower-than-expected margin. First and most significantly is in our Lighting business. We've been talking for some time about the challenges in this business as a result of the technology shifting to LED, in particular. Great opportunities for growth. But the increased cost of LED and a pricing environment not recognizing in many cases the value of that new technology puts a lot of pressure on margins. As I mentioned on last quarter's call, we were stepping up our cost-reduction actions to counter this price in margin pressure, and that continues. We're unfortunate we ran into several other issues during the quarter, each in their own way, I believe, resulting from this technology shift. Higher-than-normal costs, included legal and warranty-related costs, with the impact on our margin almost 90 basis points in the quarter. The legal cost relates to a settlement discussion on previously disclosed litigation. Cost largely attributable to 1 case, but I have to say, it's indicative of what we're seeing as a moral litigious environment as many more market participants fight to protect their positions. The warranty costs relate principally to a product family within one of the lighting brands, that was showing some higher-than-normal failure rates in certain customer installations. This resulted in a higher-than-normal cost, so as a result, we took action to evaluate the potential exposure in total from these product sales in the market, and based on that analysis for this brand, we increased our estimated future costs in the quarter. At the same time, we looked at our experience with other brands and determined that the recent trends in our experience suggested that there were some additional exposure in those brands. This could probably be expected when you think about the introduction of new products using new technology. But our experience up until recently had not been that unusual. And within the Lighting business, we also had an unexpected slowdown in our residential fixture business, in large part due simply to the change in the stocking practice from a national account that creates some volatility, and to a lesser extent, maybe some slowdown in the new construction volume. These items within lighting, clearly the most significant impact, and the team is laser focused on all of the actions necessary to address, improve -- prevent and improve the performance around these items. The other factor that hurt us in the quarter is lower-than-anticipated volume in 2 of our higher margin businesses, I mentioned before, our high voltage test equipment and Harsh & Hazardous. Those businesses are also 2 of our more global businesses, and therefore are exposed to some of the geopolitical volatility, whether it's the Russian market for our high voltage or oil and gas equipment, or the Middle East for oil and gas, or more recently, the impacts of the rapid decline in oil prices. Some of these negative volume impacts would have been difficult to plan for, but we certainly could have done a better job. In the high voltage test equipment, it turned more difficult to replace some of the project business that was canceled or deferred, and where we did, it was at lower margins as a result of a much more competitive environment. And in the Harsh & Hazardous business, the margins we were anticipating, on hindsight, I say were too optimistic. We didn't recognize the difficulty we were likely to face to meet or exceed the tremendous margins, if you go back to the third quarter of last year, that we experienced in that business. Now on the positive side, and importantly, our Power Systems business performing well. Had a nice recovery from the slow start of the year, both sales and margin, and we expect that to continue. You may have also seen on Tuesday our announcement regarding our 12% increase in our dividend and our new $3 million share repurchase authorization. I'm pleased that our board approved our request, and I think these 2 items are further evidence of our confidence in the future earnings potential of our company. Now I'm sure there's other topics that I haven't addressed yet. Let me give Bill a chance to go through some of the details in the quarter, and then I'll come back for some forward-looking and Q&A. Bill?
William R. Sperry: Thanks, Dave. Good morning, everybody. Thanks for joining. I'm going to use the slides that Jim referenced and cite the page numbers as we go to guide our discussion this morning. So I'm starting on Page 3, which is the summary of the third quarter. Dave highlighted the sales increase of 7% with organic providing 4% and the balance coming from acquisitions. He described the OP margin at 15.9% and the 3 primary factors driving the unfavorable comparison to last year's 18.1%, and resulting in EPS of $1.51. On Page 4, we switched to focusing on our end markets that gave us that 4% organic growth. Starting with nonresidential, which is our largest end market, you see both green arrows in both new construction and reno, relight. When you look across our businesses that are exposed to nonres, between our C&I Lighting, some of our Rough-in electrical boxes, some of the BURNDY business, some of the wiring business, you see very favorable compares to prior year. So good growth there in nonres. Dave described some of the mixed results in industrial and I'd say mixed is quite a pronounced -- it's quite pronounced actually. So our businesses that face off against general manufacturing and industrial production, which includes some of our wiring devices as well as other industrial businesses, had very strong end market performance versus Harsh & Hazardous, which face off against some of the mining and more largely oil and gas markets experienced, as Dave said, shrinkage in the quarter and our high volt which was down significantly in the quarter. As you recall, that high volt business sells to both international utilities as well as to transformer OEMs. The utility end-market showing low single-digit growth across the T&D. So the yellow looks like a modest up, but as Dave was describing, a positive progression sequentially from first and second quarter. And the resi business showing double-digit growth for the quarter, but below expectations, and they're selling -- that's largely a Lighting business, our resi exposure, selling both to national builders as well as to some of the national accounts, and I think some of the order impact from some of the buying behavior Dave mentioned will continue forward. So on Page 5, we'll spread the performance to the gross margin. And again, some of the factors Dave highlighted were the cost in excess of productivity, which includes such costs as things like freight, where we experienced increases; some inventory charges from obsolete inventory as well as wage inflation contributing to cost in excess of productivity. Dave commented on the mix of both Harsh & Hazardous and high volt, and he mentioned the warranty costs affecting the gross margin performance at 33.1% down 170 basis points. On the S&A side, that's where the legal item that Dave mentioned is included; x that legal, you would have seen quite comparable basis point performance on the S&A line. So the dollar increase is largely attributable to the acquisitions, which bring along some sales with them and create that more flat, on a basis point, perspective. On Page 6, we distill both that S&A and gross margin down to the OP level. You see the 15.9% comparing unfavorably to last year's 18.1%, a 6% decline with the gross margin as you saw being the larger contributor to that versus the legal cost and S&A. On Page 7, you see total other expense, which includes net interest, which is comparable between the periods. So a small difference attributable to a change in FX impact. And the tax rate was a headwind by 70 basis points at 32.9% as a result of the R&D credit being in last year and not in this year. Page 8. We show the net income result of that OP decline, and the tax headwinds having a 7% decline, and a comparable move at the EPS line of $1.51. The share count was about 59.4 million shares, which was reflective of some share repurchases in the quarter, but not enough to move that percentage. So we'll now switch to breaking that performance amongst our 2 segments for the quarter. So we'll start with Electrical on Page 9. In the third quarter, you see again Dave's comment of strong sales performance of 7% to $642 million of net sales where the acquisitions were adding 3% and the organic business growing at 4%. You saw what was driving that as we've referred, the nonres was reasonably strong across several of our brands. The resi business growing at double digits, which was a strong contributor. And then, as we've mentioned, the mix -- the extreme mix of industrial where Harsh & Hazardous and high volt were dragging down. On the performance side, you see a concentrated impact of the drivers that Dave was describing all being essentially in the Electrical segment. So you see a 14.4% OP margin comparing to last year's 17.5%. And you see the drivers that Dave's already discussed, both the legal and warranty contributing to about 130 basis points of that decline, the cost that we mentioned over productivity and the mix effects. For Power, we see a 6% growth to 244 -- $254 million of sales. You saw it contributing to that 6% sales growth, acquisitions driving about 4%, and organic really driving to about 3%. And again, to just remind you of the sequential on that organic, we had minus 3 in the first quarter, flat in the second, and there's now growth in the third. So good sequential progress and improvement for Power. And on the performance side, you see a 7% growth in operating profit to $50 million or 19.8% OP margin. You're getting incremental drop through on the new sales. Some of the price challenges are more acutely felt by our Power segment. And clearly, they're in a price competitive environment that goes along with some of that low organic growth. Switching to cash flow for the quarter on Page 11. You'll see a net increase in cash flow despite higher CapEx. We continue to feel that CapEx is important to the new product development as well as productivity cost efficiency spending that we're doing. And you'll see slightly larger, higher D&A levels as a result of some of the acquisitions we have been doing. But you see more efficient working capital as our payables more than finance the investment we required in inventory and receivables, and slightly better other as a result of timing on some tax payments. And so now on Page 12. Switching from, thus far, what's been a quarterly review to looking at the year-to-date period, the 9 months. And you see sales growth of 6% and with relatively flat EPS at $4.10. That 6% sales growth was essentially absorbed by the lower OP margins that were driven largely by our third quarter lower margins as well as the higher tax rate. And that 6% sales growth is essentially 2 points of organic growth, and the balance coming from our acquisition investment. Page 13 now break down the year-to-date period to the Electrical segment. You see 7% sales growth and 4 percentage points of that coming from acquisitions. The story is not terribly different at Electrical. Higher res has been double digits for this year-to-date period. The non-res has been aided by the reno as we've discussed throughout the year, and those brands that we've already described as being facing off against non-res have grown well. And that mixed industrial comment still holds for this year-to-date period where Harsh & Hazardous has been quite flat for the year, but high volt has actually had quite a negative compare year-over-year for the year-to-date period. So at the operating profit line, you see $256 million of OP, 14.3% driven again by some of the factors we've been citing: the cost in excess of productivity; the business and product mix that we've mentioned; the legal and warranty that we've mentioned. Just spreading those impacts now over the 3 quarters rather than the one, it's really the same dollars being spread. Page 14 shows the Power results for the year-to-date period. 3% sales growth, all being driven by acquisitions. We've described how the organic market has picked up, but has essentially been flat for the year-to-date period. At the OP level, you actually see very strong incrementals that are distorted, I think, by the facility closure that we did last year. So not in the quarter, but in the year-to-date period, we experienced easier compares because of the absence of those closure costs and some of the productivity that came with that. But strong performance at 18.8% OP margin for our Power Systems business. Year-to-date cash flow is a similar story to the quarter where we've got an improved level of cash flow despite some higher CapEx, which is being driven by more efficiencies at the working capital level. Same story there where payables are the driver. And the trade working capital, you see a reasonably comparable level of trade working capital as a percentage of sales. The acquisitions distort that a little bit, showing a slight uptick in working capital versus the third quarter of '13 because you get the balance sheet impact without getting the full period of sales. Our capital structure on Page 17. You'll see $654 million of cash, lower than last year, which is reflective of the fact that we have invested $164 million in acquisitions year-to-date and then a comparable -- the 2 bond issues outstanding, no change there, and similar debt to cap of 23%. That continues to be a flexible balance sheet poised for investment. And with that, I was going to turn it back to Dave to talk about outlook.
David G. Nord: Okay. Thanks, Bill. So what's this all mean for the rest of the year? I guess, first on the top line, we're expecting our top line to finish the year up 5% to 6%, although are currently tracking more toward the low end of that range. But as most of you who've been following us for some time, the fourth quarter has a higher level of volatility in the sales result than you would expect for, particularly with a couple of months to go. There's a number of dynamics that occur and makes it -- what make it so difficult to have a level of precision that we would like in that outlook. Now things like channel buyer habits, based on their own inventory, stocking, destocking. You don't know until really the month of December. As well in the project business, there's always the potential of project pushouts. So more volatility there than we'd like, but we think we've got a good perspective right now. From a margin perspective, some of the things we've discussed that impacted us in the third quarter, quite honestly, continue into the fourth quarter. The mix issue that we see, the impact from high voltage and the Harsh & Hazardous continues into the fourth quarter for sure. Cost in excess of price, I mean the pricing environment, we saw some tougher pricing in the third quarter and we don't expect that to change certainly in the fourth quarter. So we're focused more on the cost side of the equation. The combination of those 2, about 60 basis points. And then the above -- the variability in volume comes in that higher margin project for international business, so that can be a swing in margin, but right now we're navigating to how we think it things will play. And then, of course, we've got costs associated with some of these cost-reduction actions that we referred to, and we currently think that'll be $5 million to $6 million of cost in the quarter. I think we've also -- we'll still see some higher-than-normal cost in that full year from the warranty and related costs. Certainly, going forward, we would expect that to come back down. It wouldn't be at the same level because we're not expecting the product specific and brand specific, but that's still going to impact us for this year. And then, a tax rate, staying at approximately 33%. There's no assumption of R&D reenactment or any other year-end adjustments contemplated in that guidance. Okay? So let me turn now to next year. Certainly, we'd love to, and I'm sure you would love us to give you a lot more clarity into next year. But we've got our challenges just navigating through the rest of this year. And we wouldn't typically be providing that guidance because it is too early. But I do want to just give some perspective of how we're seeing things right now. I think if you look at the third party forecast of all of our end markets, they're at worst flat to slight growth to mid-single digits to high single digits. All in all, could provide 3% to 4% of growth, and that's what we're looking at, and we're planning for. Of course, there's always the market uncertainty, and so we plan for things to be lower. That growth, from a margin standpoint, we would certainly expect that higher organic volumes is going to give us some incremental margins. But that growth will also come likely, particularly if we look at the business portion of our portfolio, and that's in the nonresidential market. But that would be at margins that are not quite at the level of some of our really high margin performing businesses that could have slower growth to flat growth. And then we have more cost actions. We're taking actions this year, but we have more on the board for next year. And I'm expecting that those cost actions, in total, will exceed the amount that we did this year, so we'll have some incremental. But as is our practice, when we ultimately provide guidance, it will be with all things considered and all things in. So I'd like to tell you more. We're working diligently through our planning process, contemplating all the things that we've -- had painful learnings in the third quarter we're working through in the fourth quarter, and we'll be working on and improving next year. We'll give you a lot more detail on that in January on the call. Okay? With that, I'm sure you have lots of questions. So let me turn it back to Jim, and if you want to moderate the Q&A.
James M. Farrell: All right, Don. Let's open up the Q&A session here please.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll go first to Christopher Glynn with Oppenheimer.
Christopher Glynn - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: On the high-voltage test, Dave, wondering if you could put some description on what would you view as a normal year, characterize this year's deviation from that? And any reason to think it doesn't have a normal year next year?
David G. Nord: That's a very interesting question, Chris. I mean, one of the challenges in that business is, there is no normal. What we found is that it's either really good or it's not really good, by our standard. When it's great, when it's roaring, great margins, you love it. When things slow down, it's one of those high capital-intensive apparatus-type businesses that have a high breakeven point. So the decrementals, when things slow, are much more painful than the incrementals on the upside. So I think next year, we think it will be a little bit better, but I'm very cautious about that. But -- and certainly, a little bit better in profitability. But you'll understand if I'm unduly cautious on that business based on what we've experienced this year.
Christopher Glynn - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: Yes, I understand that there is no normal in a sense. Is there maybe a normal in the typical duration that this business can go away for at times?
William R. Sperry: Yes, I'd say, Chris, the cycle times can last a few years when it's kind of going down and along the bottom. It's proved to be, for us, since the '08 period, a very countercyclical business. So for example, in '09, when the rest of our industrial businesses weren't doing so well, that was actually doing strong. And as Dave said, it's incrementals were good at that time. And so it's providing an offset. In this part of the cycle, it's providing a drag to what is otherwise a healthy industrial business. So it's not -- it doesn't go -- I think, the nature of your question, it doesn't bounce back in 1 year or go down in 1 year. The cycle time is slower than that.
Christopher Glynn - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: Got you. And then on the restructuring, you mentioned $5 million to $6 million in the fourth quarter, and then 2015, all in, being a little larger for Hubbell than this year. So just wondering if there was any restructuring here in the third quarter? And what the total amount for Hubbell for the year might be?
William R. Sperry: Yes, so we had a very small amount in the third quarter. It was in the Lighting business with a distribution center. But not a material cost, Chris, and ultimately, the level of expense that Dave was describing and that we're anticipating in the fourth quarter is a bad compare fourth quarter to fourth quarter, but year-over-year in the full year, it's actually comparable to some -- the level that we spent closing a facility that had come along with a Power Systems acquisition that we had made a couple of years ago in the prior year. So it's at a comparable level to last year. But just -- it's unique in the fourth quarter versus last year, it was in the first half, spread between the first 2 quarters last year.
Christopher Glynn - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then, in the earlier press release, you mentioned some obsolete inventory charges. I didn't hear that term mentioned today. Was that swept under some other bucket?
William R. Sperry: Yes, that's in the unfavorable price and costs.
Operator: We'll go next to Rich Kwas with Wells Fargo.
Richard Michael Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: I wanted to follow up on the margin impact here with the legal and warranty costs. So that was about 100 basis points. The year-over-year -- the rest of the year-over-year decreased 120. How is that split between the price issues as well as the mix? Is it equally split? Or how do we think about that for the quarter?
David G. Nord: The other part of the 200, not the year-over-year.
William R. Sperry: Yes. So Rich, for the quarter, the impact of the other 2 items that we have noted were actually comparably sized between the unfavorable mix and the cost in excess of productivity.
Richard Michael Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then to follow up on that previous question, the obsolescence is in that cost in excess of price or whatever?
William R. Sperry: It is, Rich. The complication is when we did the preannounce, we were talking about E&L relative to our July outlook. So it's higher than we thought from July. But when you do the year-over-year, it's not at the level that's worth just calling out as a separate line item. But it is one of the drivers. So I think the 3 big contributors to those cost are wage inflation, some freight cost and the inventory, Rich.
Richard Michael Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: And is that a -- has the inventory -- is that going to continue to be an impact going forward or is this kind of a onetime?
William R. Sperry: I think it's going to impact the second half of the year, Rich. And -- but going forward, not be at recurring levels.
David G. Nord: Yes, I think, Rich, I mean, let's talk about that inventory, it's just as an example of the process that we're going through here. I mean, when those things come up, certainly, you would expect that. And we're all over it from a root cause analysis and figure out what's driving, whatever higher-than-normal costs are even if they may not be significant enough to spike out, and inventory warranty, but inventory as an example. Not surprising that you get a little more inventory obsolescence as you're introducing new products. And the challenge is making sure that you're not introducing the new products before you've liquidated the old ones sufficiently. And I think that's what has started to build up with the rapid -- more rapid penetration of LED than was anticipated. So we've been working to get that more in balance as part of a new product launch plan, to be sure that you are managing inventories in advance of that because it's much more difficult to manage those after the fact. So we've still got a little bit of that, that will probably flow through, I would expect, until those processes get changed, but I would expect those processes to be much more deliberate and more proactive as we go into next year.
Richard Michael Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Is it -- yes, that's helpful, but is there a dollar amount that we can attach to that? Meaning that as we move forward over the course of the next year, that, that shouldn't be reoccurring? I mean, you didn't split it out, but it would be helpful to get an understanding of that piece, at least, or the range of that piece.
David G. Nord: I mean, I'd say it's a couple of million dollars, Rich.
Richard Michael Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. All right, and then just on the Lighting business. So the warranty issues, I understand the legal cost, but the warranty issues and the inventory obsolescence. How should investors think about your positioning at this point? You had your -- the largest North American player report a few weeks ago, had very strong numbers, strong top line. They indicated that price mix was, well it was down a little bit, it was mainly more because of mix, not price. And so how should investors think about how you're positioned? Is there -- how do you feel about your R&D spend? And just -- is there going to be another slug of R&D that's going to have to be required to get this business performing at a very strong margin level? I know the business, as a whole, Lighting is a lower margin, but just trying to understand, how you feel about the business in your conviction on where you are right now.
David G. Nord: To the R&D question, I'm not sure that there is a -- from where I'd see, a need for a big uptick in our R&D. Certainly, there's areas that our assessment of the market that we could redirect our attention to differently. It think we're doing a lot of good things, we have a lot of good new products, good market receptance of those products. I think, obviously, the area that we need to do a better job in our R&D is the design, manufacturability, the sourcing of the products, to make sure that they are more reliable. So we don't have those product cost issues after launch. So it's hard to say that -- it would be hard for me to say that there isn't some market impact at least in some areas for some of the product issues. But I don't think -- I don't see a big uptick in our R&D spending. I think more focus on the right R&D spending is more likely.
William R. Sperry: And I think, Rich, more broadly on positioning, I think we had 6% growth in the quarter, that feels to us like market. I think with the resi business growing at double digits, that sounds very strong. I think our LED adoption rate is strong. And we recently just won a Supplier of the Year award from one of our important customers, which says something to me as feedback from the market to your -- that speaks to your question of positioning. And so I think the spending is less R&D driven as you and Dave were just discussing. But from a profitability perspective, the spending is going to be in productivity areas. And I do think that we're going to be doing a decent bit of that to -- which is not really the positioning of the business, but more its cost structure.
Richard Michael Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And that 6%, is that just C&I, Bill, or is that overall Lighting?
William R. Sperry: That's overall.
Richard Michael Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. So C&I was lower than that then for the quarter?
William R. Sperry: No, no, sorry, that's -- yes, it was C&I. The resi was about 10% and the blended was 8%, Jim, is that right?
James M. Farrell: So we were up double digits overall. So the C&I was 6x the deals.
William R. Sperry: Inclusive of an acquisition was what it was, yes.
Richard Michael Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. Organic?
William R. Sperry: Organics C&I, yes.
Richard Michael Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. All right. And then just last one quick. On the Harsh & Hazardous, high volt, what percentage of that business is international for you? Or are those 2 businesses, whether they're combined -- or you can separate them -- however you want to do it?
William R. Sperry: Yes, they're both considerably international. We talked with you, Rich, about a 17% international base of our sales, which I know is not necessarily large compared to some of our other players in the space. The contributors to that International business include Power as well as we have Canadian and Mexican businesses that are selling a broad amounts of our North American design products. And so the balance of that international is really focused in these 2 businesses, which is a high percentage of both of them.
Operator: We're taking our next question from Nigel Coe with Morgan Stanley.
Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: So obviously, what's come across pretty clearly here is that you're as frustrated as we all are with the performance. Just given the -- given all the balls that go all up in the air here with Harsh & Hazardous, high voltage test, you're restructuring quite aggressively, and I'm sure a lot more going on behind the scenes than that, should we expect an important [ph] deal flow while you solve these issues and a bit more of an accent towards returning capital? And I saw the dividend increase, obviously, and the share repurchase. Should we also expect important [ph] deal flow?
David G. Nord: That's one of the things I love about the question that you guys have is that it either validates that we're thinking about the right things, or in some cases, gives us new things to think about. That's one. But I think about a lot, Nigel, particularly the notion that contributing to some of our issues or taking us away from focusing on the issues. My answer to that would be, it could be, I can't say that there is absolutely no impact, that we can do everything every day. At the same time, I think that's a part of our culture and process that we have built, the capability around that, for the most part, is not a distraction. And in fact, it's a -- it really is a part of the fabric of the operation. That said, we're certainly conscious of making sure that we are fixing before we're adding in those businesses that need fixing, but a lot of the adds are in businesses that are doing quite well. And the last thing I want to do is constraining businesses that are doing quite well from doing even better because they're not impacted by the other businesses. So I think you'll see a little bit of, for example, will you see a deal in Lighting in the near future? I think it's safe to say, no. Okay. Will you see a deal in the Power business? I think it's safe to say that it's likely. We hope so. The volume of deals is somewhat opportunistic, but we've always been conscious of what is balancing that level of activity and the risk of distraction, if you will. So -- but there's still more out there, but we're conscious of that. Okay?
Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful, David. And the issues, we've seen a lot of consolidation. And U.S. levels, which -- some big players coming in, maybe even -- Emerson's taking control of Appleton. Are some of the issues really a function of a more competitive environment here? And obviously pricing has become more challenging, but is this a bit more structural than perhaps we realize?
David G. Nord: There's no doubt it's a more competitive environment. I'm not sure that it's structural, some of it I suspect is, but that's not -- we're not seeing that yet and in any direct evidence. There will be a pocket, an example in a market or a product offering or a competitor. But that quite frankly, that's been true as long as I've been with Hubbell. I mean, it depends, but I think more of the competitive environment is because, a, there's some markets that have been slower, and so everyone has the same desire to maintain and grow. So that's made it more competitive, particularly around a pricing environment, as well as in some of our businesses. Obviously, we have good margins. We focus on a space that has good margins and there continues to be new entrants in the spaces or current participants that are looking to expand in that area. So it's just a more broadly competitive environment, I would say, than simply a structural contributor.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Jeff Sprague with Vertical Research Partners.
Jeffrey T. Sprague - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: Just picking up on that. Is price in low-voltage positive or negative x Lighting?
William R. Sperry: Yes, Jeff, on a year-over-year basis, it's really reasonably quiet flat. I think what's different is our expectations where we'd be able to pull a little bit. So it's quite -- we had benign expectations, but it's been harder to even get that modest expectation.
Jeffrey T. Sprague - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: And then, price in Power is, I guess, running negative, right? Has been and still is? Can you size that?
William R. Sperry: Yes, again, it's small. It contributes to the way we explain the margin loss [ph], but it's very, very small difference. But still, it is negative in Power.
Jeffrey T. Sprague - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: On Lighting, I assume...
William R. Sperry: I would tell you it's better to call it flat, frankly, than down is how small it is.
Jeffrey T. Sprague - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: Okay. On Lighting, the obsolescence, I was still a bit unsure. Are you talking about obsolescence on now obsolete, earlier generation LED stuff or obsolescence in legacy, through legacy -- legacy products because you're mixing away more quickly than you thought?
David G. Nord: Largely, legacy products, Jeff. It's exactly what you point out, we're mixing away a lot of that at a more rapid pace than we were contemplating. And that's much harder inventory to liquidate after the fact.
Jeffrey T. Sprague - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: And then, on Harsh & Hazardous. Is -- so your comments were quite clear about the international exposures. I mean, would you relate that to any particular vertical? Is it upstream oil and gas? Is it mining? What other kind of complexion could you put on that?
William R. Sperry: Yes, Jeff, our exposures are both of those, but the mining is much smaller. So it's much more significant in the upstream oil and gas. And so the impact on -- of price. A barrel of oil really impacts the spending there, and the projects are lumpy anyway. And then you get mix and more attractive projects last year versus this. So you're getting kind of both volume and business mix at the same time.
Jeffrey T. Sprague - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: I mean, we're all, obviously, out here worried about kind of oil and gas CapEx kind of falling, given what's happened recently. But the sharp drop off is really kind of in the quarter in the commodity prices, right? It wouldn't seem like that would show up in your business that quickly. Is there something else going on there specific to your projects? Or just -- it seems surprisingly abrupt, right? If this was happening a few quarters from now, I would totally get it. The fact that it happened now seems a little surprising.
William R. Sperry: Yes, again, I think the volume that's impacted immediately isn't terribly dramatic because there is mix affect, too. But there have been projects, for example, in Eastern Europe and that part of the world, for example, where bids have been favored because of -- in Russia, to Chinese bidders, some of that project spending is getting switched. But that is -- some of that is happening. Again, it's not big, but it's enough with the decrementals to cause us some pain.
Jeffrey T. Sprague - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: Okay. And then just one last one for me. Just on the failure issues on LED. I'm sorry, if you talked about that, I was kind of in and out for a second there, but was there a supplier switch going on? Is that -- was that an existing supplier that had a problem? Or really, what's kind of -- a little more detail around what happened there?
David G. Nord: Yes, as you would expect in most of those situations, Jeff, there's a number of causes when you get into it. There are some component product issues from suppliers and we've -- there's a learning that goes on as to who is a reliable quality supplier and who isn't, and we've learned that and we're transitioning to the suppliers that have proven to be most reliable in quality. So there is an element of a quality -- supplier quality. There's also an element of manufacturing design, and without getting into the details, but things like, an example is, the color of the wire being misunderstood in the manufacturing process and so it being done incorrectly. So no life safety issue caused by it, but a life cycle issue created by it. So premature failure. So once you get into it, you conveniently figure these things out, and then the key is to the extend all of those learnings to the rest of the population. And so that's the good news that we take from that painful learning.
Jeffrey T. Sprague - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: I'm sorry, I'll just sneak one more in and then I'm really done. On share repurchase, should we expect you to jump on that pretty quickly and aggressively? Point taken on the deals where you don't want to shut it off, feed the performing businesses, but you do obviously have a lot of liquidity now, and the stock which is taking a hit here and a lot of stuff to focus on internally.
David G. Nord: Yes, I guess I would characterize it this way, Jeff. We didn't seek that authorization simply to replace one that was expiring. So that is an area that we expect to complement our capital deployment on dividends and acquisitions with share repurchase.
Operator: We'll go next to Steve Tusa with JPMorgan.
Charles Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Just on the nonresi front, I mean, you guys are generally pretty cautious. Can you just talk about what you're seeing in the verticals between the institutional and the private stuff?
William R. Sperry: Yes, I think, Steve, the private, we do see a nice pick up when you think about how we're exposed there. We've got general C&I Lighting. We've got a brand called RACO that makes commercial construction, rough-in electrical, parts of BURNDY and parts of wiring device face off there, and pretty consistently those guys are -- have been -- all those brands have been experiencing reasonable growth. So to us, that's kind of reflective, not specifically of any vertical within there, but more to the health of the spending, which maybe hasn't had any kind of hockey stick, obviously. But from where we sit, a reasonably good pickup in some spending there, broadly speaking.
Charles Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And then, I know this is probably tough for you guys to answer, but there is obviously a lot of noise. I mean, you guys, kind of publicly canceled out of a conference late in the month of September. There was some news around the trust. Any kind of comments you guys can provide? I mean was the cancelation from the conference really around what was going on with the businesses? And what you kind of came out with several weeks later as far as the miss on the quarter? Maybe if you could just -- I'm not sure what you can say, but if there's any kind of color you can provide, it will be helpful.
David G. Nord: Let me speak for Bill, and this is something that we talked about a lot and we debate a lot. One of the challenges, as you know, we try to be very proactive in our investor communications and being out there. And sometimes, we sign up for more than we can actually deliver on. And the things that are particularly difficult, and we're always cautious about signing up because of the time commitment, are those things that are -- particularly the West Coast ones, because it is such a time commitment that there's risk that some scheduling conflicts come up. That if it was in New York, it's a different story. I mean, we can always squeeze in a few hours, but when you got something on the West Coast, it's tough to schedule around that, and sometimes you just have to pull out because of scheduling issues. So that's really what that's about.
Charles Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay, so this is all you're saying...
David G. Nord: There might be a little more -- go ahead.
Charles Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Right. So you're saying this is all kind of like coincidental what happened here with all the news and the preannouncement?
David G. Nord: The preannouncement was when we had information that we felt that needed to be put into the market.
William R. Sperry: And yes, Steve, I would say the timing of the Reuters article describing some news on the trust, which is not controlled by us in any way. So your word to describe that is coincidental, I'd say, is correct.
Charles Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. Sorry, I just had to ask just because it's been, obviously, a big question for us. And I think it will be helpful for you guys to just get on the record publicly with a bit more of color. So sorry to be a pain, but just wanted to...
David G. Nord: No, no. I have to say, Steve, we certainly are taking that into account in our planning next year and be very conscious about our availability. So we have a much higher likelihood of being able to avoid scheduling conflicts.
Charles Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Well, I'd tell you what, skipping a couple of days in Southern California for a board meeting, kudos to Bill for being dedicated to the business.
Operator: We'll go next to Mike Wood with Macquarie.
Mike Wood - Macquarie Research: First on the Lighting side, you mentioned a change in buying pattern at retail. Should we take that to imply there are some destocking in the quarter? And then also in Lighting, how are you thinking about benchmark -- benchmarking your margins, your cost basis versus your competitors?
William R. Sperry: Yes, Mike, I think your interpretation of destocking is right. I think the -- Dave was describing some national accounts which get very lumpy, and year-over-year, quarter-over-quarter, as they stock or destock, you can get big swings. And so I think your characterization there is right. And I think for your benchmarking point, there's one pure-play public company that we can use to benchmark. The other couple of large peers of legacy kind of players in the space are divisions of other companies, so harder for us to use as benchmarks.
Mike Wood - Macquarie Research: Okay. How should we think about the payback on the restructuring? Is it sort of 1 to 1 or 2 to 1? Just frame that for us would be helpful.
William R. Sperry: Yes, I think that will -- it will take a couple of quarters for the benefits to kick in. And so we're hoping to see some of the benefits in the second half of next year. I think what's more important than that, as Dave was describing, an increase in more actions. And so as those get planned and implemented, we'll quantify both the cost and benefits for you. But ideally, you're getting, yes, something like a 1-year payback, but depending on timing, you may see that in the next calendar year. But we'll help you with that, as we get -- as those plan gets implemented, Mike.
Mike Wood - Macquarie Research: And then just finally, can I ask how you were thinking about the repurchase in terms of looking at A or B shares? Is it simply a matter of price, or are there other factors to consider?
William R. Sperry: Yes, no, I think we would evaluate all the factors necessary, I think.
Operator: That concludes today's question-and-answer session. Mr. Farrell, at this time, I'd like to turn the conference back to you for any additional remarks.
James M. Farrell: Okay, thank you again everyone for joining us this morning. Certainly, if there are follow-up questions, feel free to call me throughout the day. I'm available for any follow-up you may have. And if not, we will talk to you in January. Thanks very much.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-07-22 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Jim Farrell  VP, Strategic Planning and Investor Relations Dave Nord  Chairman, President and CEO Bill Sperry  SVP and CFO
Analysts: Christopher Glynn  Oppenheimer Rich Kwas  Wells Fargo Securities Noelle Dilts - Stifel Mike Wood  Macquarie Research 
Operator: Good day everyone and welcome to the Hubbell Incorporated Second Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. Todays conference is being recorded. Id now like to turn the conference over to Jim Farrell. Please go ahead, sir.
Jim Farrell: Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Im joined here today by our Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, Dave Nord; and our Chief Financial Officer, Bill Sperry. Hubbell announced its second quarter results for 2014 this morning. The press release and earnings slide materials have been posted to the Investors section of our website at www.hubbell.com. Please note that our comments this morning may include statements related to the expected future results of our company and are, therefore, forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Therefore, please note the discussion of forward-looking statements in our press release and consider it incorporated by reference into this call. In addition, comments may also include non-GAAP financial measures. Those measures are reconciled to the comparable GAAP measures and are included in the press release and the earnings slide materials. Now let me turn the call over to Dave.
Dave Nord: Thanks, Jim. Good morning, everybody. Hopefully you had a chance to see our press release and the company document in the slides. I am happy to be reporting our results for the quarter, it sales up 7%, acquisitions contributing 5% of that, quite an improvement from what we call three months ago that we were reporting on a very slow and cold start. Demand is improved nicely in most of our markets, non-residential to modest improvement still with biased toward renovation market not as strong and improvement as we would like and many expect but continue with improvement and will take it as it comes. I think the residential market, we were cautious going in and I think that caution was well advised as we have seen some weakening in that but we are still growing, still very well positioned. Our industrial business was mixed with Harsh & Hazardous a little bit better than our high voltage test business, still struggling a bit. And the positive side the utility spending, did continue to improve from the slow start and so we feel a little better about that. On the margin side, nice improvement  continued improved on the margins with 30 basis point improvement up to 16.8% attributable to ongoing productivity initiatives as well as some lower facility closure cost that we incurred in the first half of the last year but a little bit of the mix  unfavorable mix that we have been talking about and we continue to face. In the second quarter, we closed two acquisitions. Revenue contribution of about $45 million, one is in lighting, small one in power and would also closed another small deal earlier this month really in the Harsh & Hazardous electrical connectors business. So we have now invested nearly $150 million on six acquisitions so far this year with deal and expected to contribute little over $90 million in revenue on an annualized basis. And so all of that in the quarter, it contributed to diluted earnings per share of $1.51 up 10%, I am happy to have double digit earnings growth any quarter that I am get it, worked very hard to get to that this quarter but would wind-up that the market have improved and we are continuing to execute. Couple of other items of note in the second quarter, earlier in the month of June that you may have seen an announcement that came out that in accordance with the terms of settlement agreement relating to a lawsuit that has been out there against two existing trustees and a couple of former Trustees of the Roche and Hubble Family Trusts whose judgement entered and that suit was by one of the beneficiaries under the Trust but the settlement of that contemplated the transfer of change in Trustees from the existing Trustees to a third party trust company and that happened in the beginning of the June. Now, the second item of note you saw we announced earlier is on June 30th that Scott Muse informed me that he plan to retire, Scott has been running our Lighting business for the last 12 years. He has been involved in the industry from more than 35 years. During his time in the industry and certainly as time with Hubble, he made major contributions to restructuring that business, reducing the cost as well as adding to the strength of the business with the acquisition of seven brands. He has been truly dedicated to the company, to employees and to our customers and we will miss him as part of the team on a day-to-day basis but certainly hope and expect that we will be able to still count on him for council in advise in the insight into the market. So we took the opportunity right now to expand Gary Amato responsibilities, Gary had to this place and responsible for the electrical systems platform as part of the electrical segment and his role has expanded to include oversight of the Lighting businesses as well. I think that's  he will do quite well there, he has a very strong and capable team behind him within the electrical systems businesses and so I think it will allow him to devote a fair amount of time as he works through the transition which Scott in oversight of the Lighting business. So, with that, let me turn it over to Bill Sperry and he can give you some more color on the quarter and year to date results.
Bill Sperry: Thanks, Dave and good morning everybody, thank you for joining us. I am going to use the slide to the Daves reference to guide my comments and I will be referencing those page numbers as we go along here. Staring on page 3, with our summary of what was a quite solid financial performance for Hubbell. The sales up 7%, two comments I think about sales, the first is organic growth of 2% sounding quite modest is actually a nice sequential compare versus the first quarter where we really had flat organic volume so an interesting sign of market pick up there. I think secondly the acquisitions contributing 5%, that really comes from seven different investments we have made over the past 12 months and that seems like a good amount of deal of activity for us but what I particularly like how that spreading around our portfolio. So of those seven, three are in power systems and two within lighting platform and two within electrical system and that's a good sign I think of our business model that work when the organic markets are modest and I think we can put some inorganic growth bring that to the table. On the operating margin are 16.8% up 30 basis points, improvement from productivity continues to be very important contributor to our margin story, well show you the CapEx implication later but we need to continue to invest to get that productivity and Dave commented that some of the less favorable product mix that needed to explore a little bit later (inaudible) and I agree with Daves comment of 10% growth at the EPS fine and attractive, demonstrating good operating leverage at $1.51 of EPS. On page 4, we discussed our end-markets and again I think if you look at our order pattern through the second quarter, we continue to see the pattern of volatility that we witnessed intra-quarter over the last year or so. So, for example for us April was reasonably strong, May quite weak and we ended June very strong and so interesting sign I think of where the recovery stand that order pattern in the quarter appears to have some variability to it. But its important to go through also here that the mix has been contributed from our different end-markets. You can see the two greens between the reno and relight portion of non-res as well as the residential markets those are contributing the growth but not necessarily where are strongest margin parts of our portfolio are that creating some of the product mix headwinds that we have been describing and you see that the industry is reasonably flat as well as the utility. On page 5, we will discuss the drivers of operating profit margin to gross S&A. On gross margin side, you see an attractive 30 basis point improvement to over 34%, now the productivity really driving that as well as the absence of facility closure clause which last year we had included so yet the double benefit of the lack of those cost plus the productivity that comes from those actions. And you see a little bit less favorable mix helping that gross margin extension down a bit. The S&A side is more about volume and acquisitions, you see about $9 million increase there which is about 149 million that dollar increase is largely driven by the acquisitions we have been doing but you will see a 10 basis point favorable improvement relative to percent of sale down to 17.4% and that's where we benefit from the volume on those fixed cost. Page 6 shows the results of those two drivers in OP and you see nearly 144 million of operating profit a 9% increase and 16.8% OP margin at 30 basis point increase and the drivers of growth and S&A both contributing to that improvement. Page 7, we go to non-OP expense and see a couple of million of tailwinds really driven by foreign exchange results with the fact that we had some small gain this year compare to some small losses last year of the Brazil Real and Canadian dollar driving that (inaudible). From tax headwinds of 100 basis points in the quarter to 33.4% and that's been driven by some discreet items including the fact that we had some property sale included in prior year as well as some return to provision adjustments in our entities and the lack of R&D tax credit in this years number creating that headwinds. On page 8, we are showing the net income of $90 million and the 10% increase, good operating leverage of that 7% sales growth and the earnings per share at a comparable level of 10% growth as our share count was quite comparable during the period. We purchased about 100,000 shares during the quarter which brings our year-to-date share repurchases to about 200,000. On page 9, we will switch to now breaking down into our two segments for the quarter. So will start with our electrical segment delivering 612 million of sales and 8%, 5 point of that 8 coming from acquisitions, the strongest or organic contributors to the 3% of organic growth continue to be the resi market within Lighting as well as commercial construction and that's how the industrial markets were quite mixed with  for example the high voltage business is being down where as Harsh & Hazardous in commercial construction showing strength so mixed results within the industry. Operating profit $95.5 million, 7% increase but you will notice that at 10 basis point decline in OP margin and that's driven in part by the fact that the acquisitions as they come in are additive to OP dollars but they subtract some of the OP margin by a little bit and need the volume to offset the less favorable mix as well as some of the inflation that we get. On Page 10, power for the quarter up 3% when the net effects against the acquisitions you see that organically resulted in flat performance and that doesnt sound so great other than Ill just ask you to recall on the first quarter and we were organically down three points, so thats actually improvement in utility end market and I think you saw the fact that the retail demand for electricity have gone attractively positive earlier in the year that seems to be veining now and date is not perfectly up to date but I think we benefited from some of that effect in the end market. The OP for the power 160 basis point improvement but again Ill call your attention the fact that that was really driven by the fact that we had some extra cost last year in terms of some of the consolidation. So I dont want to set up that trajectory as being an organic one the natural rate to be a lot flatter going forward. Cash flow on Page 11, you see our cash flow is below last year by a little bit despite the fact that we had more net income and youll also see some efficient investments in working capital compared to last year. So the difference comes both on the other line which is result of some estimated tax payments as well as some lower pension liabilities driving that basically $20 million difference and see a little bit extra CapEx which again where we continue to invest in areas like new products and productivity and are getting great returns on that capital. So a lower free cash flow number but not attracting from your annual target of trying to get cash flow to equal net income. So now well switch one Page 12, from a look at the quarter to look at the year-to-date results where our snapshot at half time has sales growth to $1.6 billion or 5% increase just to compare that to a 3% increase in the first quarter, so nice acceleration in comparing to an annual guide of the 5% to 6%, so showing some recovery from that first quarter period. Operating profit at 15.4% year-to-date, a 50 basis points improvement and that compares to the annual guide of 20 to 30 that you can see that we are expecting a harder time to get margins and in the second half we will talk a little bit more about that at the end of this slide. You see the tax rate headwind and the cash flow similar to how we were describing the first half. The page 13, year-to-date, $1,151 billion of sales 7% increase, the bulk of that coming from acquisitions, similar story to the second quarter where you see resi being a big contributor to the organic growth and also (inaudible) business, industrial again mixed with high volt down for the first half versus Harsh and Hazardous and general manufacturing side of industrial being both contributing. Operating profit up 9% to $164 million, 14.2% sales, 30 basis points improvement. Again the volume helping us productivity being crucial to that and the acquisitions hurting margins a little bit as we add in the first year. Power on page 14, showing flat year-to-date sales performance where acquisitions have contributed three and so we are still catching up on the organic side and that's slowly start to the year hurting that. On the performance side though, you will see operating profit up 8%, very healthy improvement to 18.3% margins. Productivity being very important to success within power and I will comment that they have been seeing up usually competitive pricing environment and utility and market and so you see an unfavorable price cost dynamic in (inaudible) business which traces off again utilities also see some of that price pressure. So the productivity has been a powerful driver there. Cash flow for the year-to-date on page 15 very similar story to Q2 where free cash flow is lower despite the higher income and despite efficient working capital investment but that same $20 million driver you see on the other line coming from tax payment and pension liability. Page 16, trade working capital, you see the sequential improvement from first quarter of 14 to second quarter, we were surprised by that shortage of volume in the first quarter. So you can see we overbuilt our inventories a little bit. You can see going back to 13 that sequential improvement not necessarily typical and at the same time the compare between 2Q 14 and 2Q13 suggest we still have efficiencies to gain and we are focusing on that. Our capital structure on page 17, youll see step down in cash levels to little bit less than $600 million being driven by the $160 million invested in deals year-to-date and still with plenty of cash to continue invest in the pipeline that we feel is reasonably robust and our current level of activity is reasonably good practice for us to see how that's going. And with that data, I am going to switch back to you to go to our outlook.
Dave Nord: Okay. Great. Thanks Bill. So you have gotten a good sense of where we have been, what we have accomplished. So let me give you sense of where we see things going on at least for the rest of this year. First on page 18, little discussion on our outlook for the end market themselves, and Ill start up on the upper right side, the utility side. We see that growing at flat to 1% as market and you recall at the end of the first quarter, we had an outlook that was flat and we were concerned about as we watching those order rates because of the weather. I think that's moved from cautious, we recall in May, based on the order rates we moved it to confident at flat, not terrible exciting but certainly a lot better for us and I think I would characterize this as continued improvement but cautious about improvement, certainly the utilities have been spending. Some of that is attributable to pent up demand, some of it is attributable to their improved profitability and they saw in the first quarter from the meter spinning but I think I saw some data recently that underline electric demand has dropped back down and so there is volatility there but we are cautiously optimistic that that's going to continue to improve. On the residential side, we started the year with about 10% growth different from a year ago when that was viewed to be low, we said that that may turn out to be high and I think we are starting to see some of those signs particularly on the single-family. We still feel good about our position, our business but certainly that market is a little bit softer as the year has progressed and so we are monitoring that carefully. The non-residential market, we see up 2% to 3% at a little bit softer than we with last forecasted, we call that market was impacted significantly by the slow start to the year. It has started to recover but not at the rate that we would have expected in order to meet the prior expectations but that could change as year progresses but right now we certainly see more inquiries and more bidding but more on a smaller project business, not yet seeing big uptick in the large project business and then the renovation is still not supporting there. And then on the investor side were still looking at 2% to 3% overall growth with some mixed market the high voltage still being down portion as of this business recovering. So overall, looking at growth rate, so 2% to 3% for the market and that trends like to our segments you see on page 19 on the power side which is little less than third of our business, see the sales growth that translate into 3% sales growth. All of that arguably coming from acquisitions with the market growth being mitigated by a more challenging pricing environment and some currency exposure that we think could exist there. The electrical side, we see 6% to 7% growth rate on sales reported. To said that the non-residential slowly improving, residential we still think is solid and will be double digit for us, the industrial low single digit and then acquisitions adding 4%. So, all of that translates into overall sales increase of 5% to 6%. Turning the page, with our balance growth on the top-line and early in the year our concern was what the top line was going to be there and right now we feel better about it being there, so thats a good start. On the margin side I think theres more challenge that were going to face, some because as we have talked over the last three months, some of that market growth is coming from segments that are lower margin contributors as on average in the portfolio, we look at some of the commercial construction projects, some of the commercial and the C&I lighting, I think we have seen some real, more challenging pricing environment, really across all of our businesses not much contribution as Bill mentioned in the quarter and I think that's even more probably acute within the lighting segment with competition in that business. We also have some margin compression when you look at the lighting business around the LED, the good news is continued improvement in the adaption rate, continued improvement in the underlying cost but the market not yet getting to the level of pricing commensurate with the value being delivered in those new products, so we have got to adjust accordingly. Some of the things we are looking at therefore that could impact us in the second half. We are certainly continuing to work our productivity initiatives but we are going to take even a more aggressive look at cost reduction actions across all of our businesses but particularly in the lighting segment to make sure that we have got the cost structure consistent with what  where the overall market seems to be settling. So, still feel good about 20 to 30 basis points but with some work to get there. If I look at that and I think Bill will talk a little more about that. And then the tax rate of 33%, little disappointing because we have had some upward drift in that. We have got a lot of actions that we are working on to try and bring that back down but with the 33% assumed rate. So mid-single digit growth, margin expansion, with market step are at least cooperating on the demand side and it's up to us to work through the margin side. So Bill do you have any more to the outlook?
Bill Sperry: Yes, I think it's worth commenting a little bit on the shape of the rest of the year. I think that Dave referenced some of pricing challenges. We had a price cost tailwind for the first half of the year as you all know, very hard to sustain that, we tend to think during the year that tends to be flat so that feels like they could create some headwind for us and in the mix side I think could be felt particularly in Q3 we have both high voltage as well as some of them in fact that the commercial constructions businesses of ours can be a little bit lower margin amongst our portfolio against a pretty sweep mix of business we had last Q3, just to remind everybody that. last years Q3 was a 100 basis point improvement upon the prior year and that creates a pretty tough compared to try to continue to extend on so the 20 to 30 basis point guide suggests from where we are at half time essentially a flat second half on margin and I would say meeting our Q3 margins of last year that should be pretty tough to do. So I think the shape of the second half of the year feels a little bit influenced by some of those factors which I just wanted to add. So, I think that would conclude our prepared remarks and happy to turn it over to you all for some Q&A.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). And first well go to Christopher Glynn with Oppenheimer.
Christopher Glynn  Oppenheimer: Thanks, good morning.
Dave Nord: Good morning, Chris.
Christopher Glynn  Oppenheimer: Hi Dave. The question on lighting talking about aligning some of the cost structure there, I think one of you competitor sort of adding structural cost with the growth opportunities from the technology changes in the industry, can you kind of talk about what the tradeoffs are there?
Dave Nord: Yes, I mean part of the challenge is balancing where you need to add structural cost where you need to make the investment particularly when you look at product innovation, LED engineering and that capability. So thats going to continue and thats necessary but its not necessarily complementary to improving margin. So you better then look at the other side of the equation which is where your cost structure and particularly your fixed cost structure and theres a lot of that in our facilities, we have done but certainly a lot more opportunity for productivity initiatives to be addressed more aggressively with some incremental investment that might be necessary. I think for example you have seen the benefit of that on the power side where weve had improved margins significant contribution from productivity initiatives from investments that have been made over the last several years that we are starting to realize. So I keep (inaudible) credit for continuing to deliver but some of that investment that we made when he was divisional president and the Bill probably was running the business. So we have examples internally where we make the investment, sometimes when you can afford it, sometimes when I think in the lighting business because of the dynamics that exists in that market and the change that we are taking more aggressive look at thing that we might just need to do in the shorter term for the benefit of the longer term.
Christopher Glynn  Oppenheimer: Thanks that helpful. And on the price, so we see a little pressure at power systems. Is that kind of a stable sort of pressure or something that you think could accelerate?
Jim Farrell: I think Chris, it feels between those two I describe it as stable. I think it's existed there and it alters between when on a big project you have to get competitive and that alternates between them more blanket and stock could just flow and whether you have to be competitive there. So I would say it feels like a competitive industry right now where price I think utilities are facing the reasonable amount of challenges in their own business and they are looking for as cost competitive product as they can get.
Christopher Glynn  Oppenheimer: Okay. So it sounds to me like it might be a little bit more mix between project and stock than kind of comparable price decline, is that fair?
Jim Farrell: I describe it as competitive I would say and that you need to show up for the quality product at a good price you know every day.
Christopher Glynn  Oppenheimer: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Rich Kwas with Wells Fargo Securities.
Rich Kwas  Wells Fargo Securities: Hey good morning everyone. I just wanted to drill down a little deeper on the lighting. When you look at LED, are the LED margins still comparable to traditional lighting margins at this point?
Jim Farrell: Yeah I would say that for us historically they have been rich and I think there is some of the most recent adaption has been in product areas that are taking what were traditional fluorescent products in transitioning those into the newer technologies and I think that's where Daves comment about industry needs to focus hard on getting the full value of that product priced into it as oppose to merely trying to match the price of the legacy technology. So I think it's a function of some of the more recent adoptions and it has been in that kind of product area that has made the compares more challenging.
Rich Kwas  Wells Fargo Securities: And is that more just like competitive strategy by other players out there in your view?
Jim Farrell: Yes, I think that's where the market in those product lines.
Dave Nord: So I think that Rich, (inaudible) light there, if you walked around light where you could see why there is so much excitement around the industry, a lot of new products but you also  its clear that while there is a few of us in the room who have very strong positions as evidenced by simply the four space and some great product, there is more almost an unlimited number of new entrance who are trying to take advantage of the changing technology as an opportunity and I think that's created more competitive pressure than we have normally seen. So it's not, again attributed to any one player but it's more of a broad market dynamic that we are going to walk our way through.
Rich Kwas  Wells Fargo Securities: Okay. And then on M&A so the frequencies picked up the size per deal though is still kind of within the range of what you typically do. How would you characterize the landscape among the other larger players out there with how they are competing for deals particularly as you look at potentially move up to scale in size.
Jim Farrell: Yes I think it would be difficult for us to comment on other people's pipelines. I would say that our activity feels reasonably robust Rich and I think you are right to characterize the sizes as what we would call average or typical to what Hubbwell has been doing I think this last $160 million we invested at around eight times so Id also say it's been at typical valuations that we are used to but certainly between strategics and product equity buyers, there is certainly lot of interest out there and we are trying our best to get out there and build relationships with sellers and make some of those transactions happen.
Rich Kwas  Wells Fargo Securities: Okay. So incrementally the bigger sort of deals are still -- it sounds like a little more of a challenge for you to compete on?
Jim Farrell: Yes, I just say they are less frequent in our conversations and I think it would be right to suggest that as you got bigger, multiples -- you would have to expect the multiples who would probably pick up any sympathy with that size which I would expect would be right there.
Rich Kwas  Wells Fargo Securities: Okay. And just last one from me with the McGraw-Hill data that was out in the second quarter for non-resi suggest a pretty nice uptake in starts and Dave you talked about smaller projects driving the chart here leading the chart here, and large project still somewhat tapped. What do you make of the macro data out there in terms of starts activity I know if you provide any color just around, you comments on smaller projects versus larger projects and what you are seeing in terms of conversion, potential conversion of larger project as we move to the next 6 to 12 months?
Dave Nord: Well, I mean I think that you know there is still caution out there when you are looking at the big projects. There is funding consideration for sure but there is also underlying demand, you can look at a lot of  some of the commercial office space in certain markets and how that's being absorbed or not absorbed. So I think that's where some of the caution is and slow recovery on the larger projects. The smaller ones are, they are a lot easier to execute and execute that completed in a timely fashion while the market is still strong. So I think thats where  my view is that's where the while the bias is to the smaller projects. But we are keeping at it and we would expect that that we are going to see more activity with  well I don't disagree with a lot of that leading indicators would suggest that there is an improvement that's coming. We all know though that has been kind of the story for the last couple of years and it keeps sliding to the right and we just  I am going to wait and see and ready to go.
Rich Kwas  Wells Fargo Securities: Okay. Got it. Thank you. Operator Thank. We will put Nigel Coe with Morgan Stanley.
Unidentified Analyst: Hey good morning guys. It's Trueon (9ph) for Nigel. I just wanted to ask about month-over-month cadence, you guys mentioned how things played out from the beginning of 2Q to the end of the quarter. What kind of trends are you seeing so far in July?
Jim Farrell: Yeah I think True, we finished June with 10% growth in orders which is pretty strong especially after disappoint May and July I would say has started off reasonably okay. I would describe it as having the easy compare for us but between the backlog that we built in 2Q and the order pattern that we are seeing late June and into July, I think that's really the backbone in buttressing Daves comment about how we are feeling from confidence perspective on some of the volume assumptions.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Thanks. And then I don't want to press too hard but I just wanted to dive a little bit into the fiduciary settlement for the trustees. Has there been any change or more activity on your end just as far as conversations with the corporate trustee or the beneficiaries themselves or do you have any sense for whether or not you think this could be a potential occupational impact to either the business or the outlook, or even A class shares?
Dave Nord: True, as I mentioned I mean it was the transfer as a result of a legal settlement. We approach all of our shareholders as I have talked about in the past, we brought ourselves in transparency with our shareholders. We are available to answer any questions. We try to keep ourselves in the market to make sure that we are sharing our perspective on our strategic election and our execution against that. I think that the market has generally welcomed that. But we don't -- at the same time; we don't talk about what individual conversations exist with shareholders to the extent they do.
Unidentified Analyst: Right. Understood. Thanks guys.
Operator: Next we will go to Noelle Dilts with Stifel.
Noelle Dilts - Stifel: Thanks. Good morning. First I just wanted to dig into the utility market a bit more hoping you could talk a little bit about what you are seeing in distribution versus transmission and even the international markets. And our work actually suggest that we could see an improvement in large project spending and next year 2015 in the U.S., I am curious with consistent with your expectations.
Jim Farrell: So Noelle, specific to the quarter, we characterize T&D as flat. I would say the T portion of that was down but I would also say that that was more timing related. I think what our folks are saying is affirming of the second half on the T side. And as you look out into 15 I would agree with the theses that transmission spending will remain sort of at these high levels but that will translate to modest growth. On the distribution side you have heard Dave and Bill talk about will talk about how we saw a rebound coming on off of the weakness of Q1 as the meters were spinning we saw electricity demand increase and we did see a pickup in spending into the second quarter, the question is what is that look like going forward given electricity demand an unknown, so on balance I think were more comfortable with the 0 to 1 and we think that that sort of suggest a little improvement second half versus first.
Noelle Dilts - Stifel: And then anything notable going on in international?
Jim Farrell: International is mixed, I mean we have a fairly sizeable business in Brazil that has had some hard times, they are seen a little bit on the T side not as much on the distribution side but were certainly looking to expand in another geographies and so on balance I would call it flattest slightly up.
Noelle Dilts - Stifel: Okay and my second question is really just looking at this gulfstream, petrochem opportunity and some of the industrial spending we think it happen over the next few years just curious to know your thoughts on capitalizing on that opportunity thats what you are seeing but Im curious to see your comments there.
Bill Sperry: Im sorry the question was around petrochem opportunity?
Noelle Dilts - Stifel: Yes, just a kind of gulf coast CapEx if we do see this huge build out cycle happening down in the gulf coast, I guess if you are seeing some opportunity there, how you think if you are doing anything to kind of capitalize on that opportunity, on the Harsh and Hazardous side.
Bill Sperry: Yes, so for the Harsh and Hazardous business phases of there, one of our acquisitions this year is right in the middle of what you are describing, so its obviously a trend that we like, we feel we are well positioned for. And we think we are the worthy of investment, yes we agree with your view.
Noelle Dilts - Stifel: Okay, thanks.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Moving onto Mike Wood with Macquarie.
Mike Wood  Macquarie Research: Hi, thank you. Congratulations. Can you give us some more color around your second half of margin commentary, just to better quantify for us the impact of price cost versus productivity in the second half or if you could give us the first half benefit from price cost given that you said you expect the full year to be flat?
Bill Sperry: Yes, Mike I was just giving some color and texture around the fact that we had some contributions from price cost productivity in the first half and as we talked with you and everyone we are always assuming over the course of the year that stays neutral. And so I am suggesting that could be headwind in the second half and then I am just trying to call your attentions specifically to 3Q look how sweet the combination of mix and price cost was in Q3 last year that drover 100 basis points gone up and those margins and if you looked on two year improvement basis, it's hard to lap 100 and do better than that given some of those dynamics. So I was just trying to give a little of that flavor.
Mike Wood  Macquarie Research: Okay. Great. And just in terms of follow-up, you had some recent organizational changes mainly the chief growth officer with Bill probably to help facilitate with larger deals. I am just curious if you could comment in terms of your either progress or frustration there in terms of getting some larger deals closed and if you pipeline at all has changed since you last updated us at the Analyst Day.
Jim Farrell: Okay. Yeah, well Mike I think that you know Bill has been in that role for six months now. I will tell you that he has been very active, very proactive and there is a lot of forming that's involved in that and really long way from harvesting anything but I think certainly is opening up some possibilities and some of the dialogs and conversations that as I have said earlier this year I mean I would expect that pipeline of possibilities as we move through the year to increase. Now thats a low base of zero to one so maybe there is two or three as the year progresses. But that the more opportunities we have, double  look at the possibilities and likelihood of closing one. So I think that that's all been very positive. We will see. We will see. 
Mike Wood  Macquarie Research: Thank you. 
Operator: We take a follow-up question from Christopher Glynn with Oppenheimer
Christopher Glynn  Oppenheimer: Yeah. I was just wondering if inventory purchase accounting in the quarter was worth calling up the impact.
Bill Sperry: Yes I would include that in our commentary Chris that acquisitions were hurting OP margin and that includes some of the acquisition counting that writes up inventories. That that tends to burn off after a quarter or two but it does and that first year of us owning it, they not really trying cranking at full margin yet, so thats a pretty consistent across our portfolio of our activity you can see (inaudible) initially they can drag margins down but they can become contributors in your Q3 and that that pattern where is typical and we continue experience that.
Christopher Glynn  Oppenheimer: Alright, thanks.
Operator: We have no further questions. Ill now turn the call back over to our speakers for any additional or closing remarks.
Jim Farrell: Okay, well this concludes todays call. Im certainly available in case anyone has any follow-up questions and once again thank you all for taking the time to join us this morning.
Operator: This does conclude todays conference. We thank you for joining us.

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-04-22 10:00:00) =====
Executives:  Jim Farrell  VP, Strategic Planning and Investor Relations Dave Nord  President and CEO Bill Sperry  SVP and CFO
Analysts:  Christopher Glynn  Oppenheimer Rich Kwas  Wells Fargo Securities Steve Tusa  JPMorgan Jeff Sprague  Vertical Research Partners Brent Thielman  DA Davidson 
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Hubbell Incorporated First Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. Todays conference is being recorded. At this time, Id like to turn the conference over to Mr. Jim Farrell. Please go ahead, sir.
Jim Farrell: Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Im here today with our President and Chief Executive Officer, Dave Nord; and our Chief Financial Officer, Bill Sperry. Hubbell announced its first quarter results for 2014 this morning. The press release and earnings slide materials have been posted to the Investors section of our website at www.hubbell.com. Please note that our comments this morning may include statements related to the expected future results of our company and are, therefore, forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Therefore, please note the discussion of forward-looking statements in our press release and consider it incorporated by reference into this call. In addition, comments may also include some non-GAAP financial measures. Those measures are reconciled to the comparable GAAP measures and are included in the press release and the earnings slide materials. We know that today is a busy day for a lot of you folks with a lot of earnings today. So, were mindful of that. And we also have just a quarter to report on here. So, were going to hold todays call to a 45-minute limit. So, with that, let me turn it over to Dave.
Dave Nord: Okay, great, thanks Jim. Welcome everybody. Were pleased to report our first quarter results for 2014. Youve seen the report out, were reporting sales up 3% and earnings per diluted share of $1.8. Tough stats for the year as you recall, we talk about with weather in January and February. So, were particularly pleased to be able to report finishing the quarter with sales up 3%. I think we saw things start to improve in March, at least getting to levels that we had originally expected, certainly not enough to recover all of what fell behind in January and February but certainly very good direction. And I think Bill will talk a little bit later about where were seeing that going in April and the rest of the year. You see we also had the margin expansion of 60 basis points to 13.8%, see thats a little bit higher than were forecasting for the year. Half of that 60 basis points is coming from the benefit of some lower facility consolidation costs. But the other half, Im very pleased with a 30-basis point margin improvement in the first quarter, particularly considering the headwinds that we faced in January and February. We also see that were reporting another couple of acquisitions that closed in April, one in the lighting business thats strengthening our offering in some key verticals and one in the power business which is a natural extension of our bushings and switching. These investments have been a result of really the investments that weve been talking about weve been making in the resources for both people and processes that are allowing us to close five deals so far this year. From a market standpoint, well talk a little bit more about it in detail later. But I think the tone in some of our markets seems to be improving, although its a little bit early. I was out last week at the IEEE convention with a lot of power and utility folks. And I was encouraged with what was generally a more upbeat tone that I think weve seen in that market. But again, its a little early. And I think on the recognition side, our Power Systems business, one item of note was recently awarded the 2013 Operational and Technological Excellence Award by Border States, which is one of Hubbells largest distributors and particularly one of our Power Systems largest distributors. That is a very distinguished award that Border States presents to a supplier, it acknowledges supplier to provide innovate state of the art business practices and quality services. So all-in-all, Im happy with how the quarter finished despite a tough start to the year. Let me turn it over to Bill, and he can take you through some of the details of the quarter.
Bill Sperry: Thanks, Dave. Good morning everybody, thanks for joining us today. Im starting on page 3 of the materials that Jim referenced. And Ill use those materials to comment this morning. So sales up 3% with acquisitions driving 4 points of that growth. FX being minus 1 leads to very flat end-markets that we experienced in the first quarter. As Dave said, that January and February contributions to that were significant. I do think interestingly points out the strength of our business model where we are trying to invest in acquisitions. And as Dave said, for us to be able to get five close now on the first four months of the year is a pretty good level of activity for us. The OP margin reached 13.8% in the first quarter that was up 60 basis points. And thats a 7% increase over prior year, which Ill refer to that number couple of times just to compare it to EPS where we had some below the operating line some derogatory things. So you see EPS of a dollar rate, thats about 2% negative compared to last year. And we had taxes at about $0.09 headwind and well talk more about that later in the presentation. On page 4, we break out our end markets for you. Again you see that they were net-net flat, where new construction, non-res was flat, a positive driver from reno and relight. Although our experience with reno and relight is lumpiness. Its driven by some large national accounts in there. On the industrial side, extractive industries which is served by our harsh and hazardous business, by flat Hubbell test equipment showing some negative markets in the first quarter. Utility side, both D&T markets quite flat. As Dave said, were hoping that were hearing and seeing good signs that we may be seeing some up-ticks in those. On the resi, were  we split that compositing to single-family, multi-family and really big box reno, all three of those drivers were positive so the broad-based growth comment. So, flat though net end markets, on the acquisition side which really provided our growth, its worth commenting that we had five deals contributing to the incremental sales this quarter, two of them in the Power segment, two of them in the Electrical Systems business and one in Lighting, so good breadth across our portfolio there of our investing activity. Page 5, you see our gross margins widened by a healthy 40 basis points to 32.3%. As Dave commented, some of that being driven by kind of one-time aid from lower facility consolidation cost, those were resolved last year of an acquisition in our Power Systems business that gave us the opportunity to do a facility consolidation. On the S&A side, you see that a 20-basis point improvement to 18.5% of sales. The dollar increase you see there of a couple million really driven by the new acquisitions versus that basis point improvement driven by some cost consciousness were trying to be aware of the fact that the weather was hurting some of the construction markets in particular. Page 6, we net those effects out to show operating profit improvement to 13.8% or $105 million, 60-basis point improvement in terms of margin contributions, obviously both from gross and S&A. And if you looked at price and materials that was slightly  slight headwind versus productivity inflation, productivity, that was the real contributor to the quarter. On page 7, I would kind of go below the line if you will. And total other non-operating expense you see, couple of million dollar increase there. Thats really typically comprised of our net interest expense which hangs in typically around $7.5 million a quarter. But in the first quarter 13, we had some foreign exchange gains, this quarter some foreign exchange losses. So those create the deviation around that net interest and creates little headwind for the quarter. Tax rate is where you see significant amount of headwinds. This year, we have no R&D credit in our rate versus last year, we had both the first quarter of 2013 but we also had all four quarters of 2012 recognized in the first quarter, and some of the provisions of the law it didnt pass until January so, creating a little distortion in the tax rate in terms of comparison. Page 8, net income you see at $64 million for the first quarter, 3% decline. And EPS at $1.8 2% decline moderated little from the net income decline based on the fact that we bought about 100,000 shares in the first quarter. On page 9, I will switch to our discussion of the electrical segment. You see that we recorded sales of approximately $539 million, 5% increase. Again, same story as the whole company thats really driven by acquisitions of 4 points. Second best contributor to the quarter was Lighting. And within Lighting, residential was the strong area, more so for us than C&I. The negative weather really impacting a lot of the construction markets are commercial construction markets within electrical being hurt in particular. On the performance side, you see a 60-basis point improvement and operating profits of 12.6%, $68 million 11% improvement, really a productivity story. Often wed like to give you some Lighting statistics to just a sense of the quarter. We had adoption rate of about 33% of our first quarter Lighting sales, where LED and skewed strongly from the C&I side, resi adoption rate being much lower than that. On page 10, we transition to the Power segment discussion. We see $221 million of sales, 2% decline from the prior year. When you take acquisitions of plus 2, netting out price and FX effects, you see that our organic markets were down to more distribution and transmission, more flat, the weather really affecting our civil construction business within Power. On the performance side, you see operating profit of $36.7 million, 50-basis point improvement to 16.6% margin. The productivity story as I mentioned, facility consolidation was in the Power segment. But good productivity on their side, the result of some good CapEx spending and project management that our Power people have been doing, focusing on profitability. Page 11, weve got our cash flow. And you see that very comparable cash flow statement to last years first quarter. Our sales last year were up 2%, this year up 3%, so 1 point better but relatively comparable investments in working capital and CapEx. And historically, our weakest quarter in terms of cash flow. But were still planning to try to target one time net income for the full year. On page 12, we show trade working capital as a percentage of sales. And you see that first quarter number breaching the 20% level, driven by higher inventory. One of the distortions that we get here is the fact that were including acquired working capital, not just the cash flow changes in those accounts. And so, you can get as were being inquisitive, we can see some upward pressure on this number. But inventory continues to be an area of focus for us, as we try to balance customer service against the need to be as efficient as possible with our production. Page 13, weve got our capital structure. You see cash accounts coming down from December, the yearend number to this quarters ending number of $647 million. Remember, we spent about $100 million on acquisitions, early in January. And since this number has been printed at $647 million, weve invested another $50 million in the two deals that Dave mentioned. So $150 million invested year-to-date first four months in our new acquisitions. Debt to cap of 24%, obviously balance sheet position to continue that investment. So, Dave, Im going to pass it back to Dave now to talk about our end-market outlook and our financial outlook for the rest of the year.
Dave Nord: Okay, thanks Bill. So, on Page 14, talk a little bit about our end-markets. And Ill start on the largest of our end-markets, non-residential. And were still looking at that market overall growing 3% to 4%. Thats consistent with how weve seen it so far this year. I think all of our market assumptions are still being influenced by the challenging start to the year. And while things have started to recover, its a little early to make any major adjustments but certainly we see some dynamics within the markets that may end up resulting in some upside going forward on the non-residential construction. Little bit more bidding activity, particularly on new construction, which  we like to see, weve been relying a lot on the renovation retrofit energy efficiency in that market. On the industrial side, were looking at continued 2% to 3% growth I think on the harsh and hazardous element of that, we can have a bit more stability and improvement on the mining side. I think when we last talked, we thought that would be forecasting has to be negative, looks like maybe that will move to something flat. On the flip side though, on the high voltage, we talked about that occasionally and I know there is a lot of interest out there. We had been anticipating and we thought that were going to start to see some improvement in that particularly as we exited the year. That market serves both the OEM transformer business which wasnt really part of the growth side of it, as well as the utility side and testing transformers. But that market is particularly biased toward emerging markets and thats where were seeing a little more volatility than we expected. So were not sure that were seeing that wed be exiting the year as strong as we thought. So we think that will probably end up being more of a flat market this year, improving, but not improving at the rate that we thought. On the utility side, were still looking at that and forecasting that at a flat basis. But as I mentioned, I think the tone in that market has improved a little bit. We often get the question around the impact of the winter weather on us and did we have any storm implication. And if you think about the weather this year, there was a lot of snow, lot of cold, lot of inconvenience. And so if you were a fuel supplier, that was good for you. If you were maintaining furnace controls, it was good for you. But our business thats tied particularly to the impacts of wind and ice-storms, we can see that. However, what we do think is occurring is the utility certainly had the meter spinning to supply the power, the heat in that cold weather. And thats providing some incremental revenue generation to that important customer base that we think is allowing their spending particularly on the OEM side of the business to improve. Again, little early, but we think there are some signs that that could be improving as the year goes on. And lastly, on the residential side, always been a good part of the growth element of our markets. And we think thats going to continue. Certainly we see the forecast around multi-family and the renovation side consistent. I think on the single-family there is a little bit more caution as you see some of the statistics come out and as we get feedback from our key customer base, the National Home Builders, still positive, still be around 10%, as an overall market growth. But as I mentioned in the past, where we might have been conservative in our estimates at 10%, I think the 10% now from a market standpoint we feel is pretty reliable. So, all of that when you put it together is going to come up to an overall market growth of 2% to 3%. Please look at that, turn the page and look at that by segment. On the Power side, were looking at 3% growth for the segment, most of that coming from the acquisitions that have been completed. And on the Electrical side, overall growth including the market growth of 6% to 7% with acquisitions contributing 4% so, an overall 5% to 6% sales increase. Operating margin, were still looking at margin expansion of 20 to 30 basis points that includes what weve talked about continually and I think Bill mentioned even in the first quarter, the implication of some of the new acquisitions and some of the margin drag that occurs early on, which we size at about 20 basis points. So, our core business still, targeting to improve margins 40 to 50 basis points. And the tax rate, were still assuming that R&D does not get reinstated and so weve got a tax rate of 32.5%. So, were happy that we got through the first quarter its on to the rest of the year. And were optimistic that with the trends improving that well be on track to deliver on our expectations. So, with that, let me turn it back to Jim, if you want to field (ph) some questions.
Jim Farrell: Okay, Aaron. Lets open it up to the participants here.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). And well go first to Christopher Glynn with Oppenheimer.
Christopher Glynn  Oppenheimer: Thanks. Good morning. So you mentioned five deals closed this year so far. Im just wondering what those processes have been like, the pricing, the competition, negotiations versus auction?
Bill Sperry: Chris, the price paid collectively for those five is just right around the neighborhood of seven times, which is fits reasonably well with our historical experience. The processes have been a mix of some competitive and some where we happen to know the owners and the owners had been looking for kind of partnership solutions to their ownership. And so, Id say its a balance of those. So, very reflective, typical of how were pursuing our business development situations.
Christopher Glynn  Oppenheimer: Okay. And then I was wondering if were talking about deals of this size on average that youve seen so far, is there a number of bolt-ons that if you get to kind of maxes out your ability to absorb them in a year?
Bill Sperry: We havent found that number yet Chris, weve  as Dave mentioned earlier and as weve talked about  we have invested in terms of adding people. Our process has been refined over the last five years or so. Our integration playbook is more systematized. So, Id say its easier for us now. And if we had a couple at the same time, weve proven we can do that. Now to I think the constraint is not necessarily just raw number but I think you couldnt have the same operating manager, the same operating team doing two at a time.
Dave Nord: Yes, so I think Chris, to add to that I think if you looked across our three platforms, the diversity that we would deal with is, in our Electrical Systems platform, a lot of different businesses, a lot of different general managers and if you look at the businesses that weve been acquiring there, its really been across those different businesses. So, any individual business leader probably has a limit of one or two in the year. And thats kind of how we look at it. So they will tend to be more in the Electrical Systems, on the Power Systems side thats going to be kind of a balance between the number of business leaders there. And in Lighting, Lighting hasnt been acquisitive over the last few years. So I think their capabilities and resources are more sensitive to these transactions. And so, we go a little slower there. So, I think very simply, you wouldnt see us doing three or four or five Lighting deals this year.
Christopher Glynn  Oppenheimer: Okay. And then, if I could bounce a paraphrase of your markets outlook off of you. It sounds like the net of guidance update is you see upside potential emerging for non-res, and utility well wait and see and then the res guide the hedge component probably removed. Is that fair?
Dave Nord: Yes, I think thats right. I think thats right. I think, in all cases the challenge is things are moving in the right direction other than the residential single-family being a little bit soft. Were in the market very regularly and docking with investors. And our practice is to the extent that we have a little bit more basis, well adjust our outlook. And right now its just a little early.
Christopher Glynn  Oppenheimer: Great, okay. And then, last one. I got on a little late and may have missed, but wondering if  what were the year-over-year growth rates through February and then in March?
Dave Nord: Our order rates, we started the year down 6% on our core business. February was still down 1% to 2% and March turned back up 3% to 4%. So, you can see even within the quarter, we didnt recover all of the January and February shortfall.
Christopher Glynn  Oppenheimer: Right. And do you think that was any catch up or more revert to underlying demand?
Dave Nord: In March, thats the question. We think, certainly some of that has to be attributable to bit of a catch-up. And thats I think the recovery from the first two months, its going to be extended, well into the second quarter and maybe even into the third quarter to get that catch-up going, so.
Christopher Glynn  Oppenheimer: Thanks a lot, Dave.
Dave Nord: Okay.
Operator: Well go next to Rich Kwas with Wells Fargo Securities.
Rich Kwas  Wells Fargo Securities: Hi. Good morning, everyone.
Dave Nord: Good morning, Rich.
Rich Kwas  Wells Fargo Securities: So on the margin outlook, do I have this right? It looks like you upgraded the organic margin outlook for the year. I know you got 20 basis points of dilution from acquisition, but it looks like the organic margin expansion is 40 to 50 versus 30 to 40 previously, is that right?
Dave Nord: Yes, I think were putting up 60 in the first quarter, I dont think you would let us get away with 40.
Rich Kwas  Wells Fargo Securities: All right, yes, I just wanted to make sure because I know there is usually some level of conservatism incorporated into the numbers.
Dave Nord: Thats one, I mean, Rich, I mean, thats the one area pricing certainly being volatile but thats the one area that we focus a lot on in our operations to make sure that were at least managing the things that we can control as well as we cant. So, it doesnt mean were absolutely sure. But we have pretty good visibility into our processes around productivity and efficiency. And then presuming that the market holds and that were at least able to recover what we need to in price, okay.
Rich Kwas  Wells Fargo Securities: Okay, understood. And then on price cost, I guess that was slightly negative in the quarter. Is the assumption still thats neutral for the year?
Bill Sperry: Yes, essentially yes. But were in a very benign commodity side, the material side Rich is pretty muted right now in terms of how much its moving. And price is similarly not big swings either way. So, well assume that two of those will offset each other. So, when were trying to get our pick-up is have productivity do better than inflation.
Rich Kwas  Wells Fargo Securities: Okay. And then just following up on Chriss  one of Chriss questions, which Ill take a different approach, if you look at utility, I know Dave youre hesitant to get incrementally positive formally on utility at this point. But if you look at high volt kind of flattish utility potential for upside, you look at those two in isolation though net-net if utility does come through, and thats a net positive to the guide potentially later this year. Is that the right way to look at it just because a bigger size, etcetera?
Dave Nord: Yes, thats right.
Bill Sperry: The only thing I would say to Rich on that is, just remember we got to make up for our minus 2 for us to get to the flat outlook right. So, we need basically the markets to get better for us to get to our guide.
Rich Kwas  Wells Fargo Securities: Right, right, understood. And then lastly, just Bill, do you have those Lighting splits in terms of the growth in resi and then C&I for lighting, I know you said resi was the better grower this quarter?
Bill Sperry: Yes, so, our resi was in double-digits. And our C&I was at the low-end of mid-single-digits.
Rich Kwas  Wells Fargo Securities: Okay. And thats part of the potential catch up here as we move through Q2, Q3 with construction season underway right?
Bill Sperry: Yes, I think the construction the weather in those first two months was particularly hard here, including resi. So, thats where it was important to have some of the reno side of resi doing well to think its happening. And I do think that you guys are characterizing that right, little bit of catch up and now its time to see how the second quarter unfolds and how much  how that affects the rest of the year.
Rich Kwas  Wells Fargo Securities: Okay, great. Thank you. Ill pass it on.
Operator: Well go next to Steve Tusa with JPMorgan.
Steve Tusa  JPMorgan: Hi, guys.
Dave Nord: Hi, Steve.
Bill Sperry: Hi Steve.
Steve Tusa  JPMorgan: So just on the M&A front, I think you guys have a new guy in the power business whos kind of working on this stuff. Can you just talk about  are there any, what are kind of the headline incentives for a guy like that, I mean, is he  does he get paid regardless of what deals get done or is there kind of a target that he gets paid for? And I guess this is just kind of a reflection I guess on just trying to understand how you guys are approaching this across your business. But given where the T&D Show last week, I think that kind jumped out meeting with him?
Bill Sperry: Yes, so I think its a good question Steve. Youre talking specifically about Bill Tolley, who had formerly been the President of our Power Systems business. And Dave promoted him to come join us here at corporate with a title of Growth and Innovation. And yes, his compensation does depend specifically on his performance. But I think the more powerful driver is that weve established strategic objectives for our entire operating team around incentives for finding and closing acquisitions, because I think were finding that thats important that be kind of grass-roots. I think what weve learned is its not just two or three of us caring a lot about it. It involves having folks out there looking every day. As Dave mentioned, were at IEEE last week and you want essentially all your business units matters to be walking around trade shows like that, thinking about which of these companies would be good add-ons. And where would the fit be good and to be building relationships there is. So we have, yes weve created incentives at the senior level. But I think maybe more importantly weve pushed that down so that everybody is focused on it.
Steve Tusa  JPMorgan: Right. And then I guess just on the T&D trends, Im not sure if you talked about this if you did, just we could move on. But is this  is there a little bit of recovery in the second half of the year, and so you get the kind of flat on the year, are you seeing any kind of movement in the budgeting process there. I mean, any kind of signs of a pick-up from what is  based on very kind of flat and stable environment?
Dave Nord: Well, I think that we certainly saw recovery beginning in March and April that on the positive side, there is always a question of how much of that was recovery from things that didnt get done in January and February. But I think the tone at the conference and the tone with some customers is that things were a little bit better there is a little bit more electric utilization, thats generating some revenue. Weve said all along and I think Gerben said, back in our meeting in February that there is work that needs to be done, its just funding it and when the electric use is down that makes for a tough model. So, the good news is when the meters are spinning, there is little bit more revenue to support the model in a positive way. But it remains to be seen were not  its too early to draw the conclusion on the improvement in margin in April, so.
Steve Tusa  JPMorgan: Right. And Im sorry, one last question. I think you said March was kind of mid-single-digit upwards for the company. What was non-resi, but how was non-resi that kind of sequential performance in non-resi, the non-resi side?
Bill Sperry: Yes, I mean, non-res is holding its own okay. If you look into April orders as well, I think you do see a little of the strength and power that Daves describing. And I think youd kind of call out power and I agree with Dave, its early, right. Youre only sort of 13 operating days really into April. But you are seeing the strength there which is, at this stage, encouraging us to tell you guys we think we can make up the minus 2 points to get to flat.
Steve Tusa  JPMorgan: Anything up double-digit? Anything up that strong, double-digit or still single-digits?
Bill Sperry: Yes, resi continues to show the greatest strength around that double-digit mark. I think in non-res, I think maybe Steve, a lot of people are waiting for the hockey stick. And I think maybe here in Hubbell management not even talking about hockey stick but that could single  mid single-digit kind of growth rate and kind of sustainable. And that would be good news for our business model. But were not here planning for that double-digit non-res right now.
Steve Tusa  JPMorgan: Great. Thanks for the color. I appreciate it.
Bill Sperry: Okay.
Operator: And well take our next question from Jeff Sprague with Vertical Research Partners.
Jeff Sprague  Vertical Research Partners: Thank you gents, good morning.
Dave Nord: Good morning, Jeff.
Jeff Sprague  Vertical Research Partners: Good morning, just coming back on a couple of other items. On Lighting, can you give us a little color on what it is you actually bought here in April, was it technology, was it a fixture company, I dont want to drill too far and what might be a small deal. But just kind of interested in where youre headed?
Bill Sperry: Yes, the company, its name is Light Control Jeff. Its located up in Massachusetts. Theyve got a great brand, its a fixture manufacturer. Theyve got great facility, great team, great reputation on the customer service and quick turnaround, theyve got some strength in a couple of verticals. So, its a real good add-on for our C&I business. And were real pleased to have them join us.
Jeff Sprague  Vertical Research Partners: Is the part of some verticals you werent particularly strong in historically?
Bill Sperry: Yes, I think it strengthens our presence in those verticals yes. And it builds out some brand strength and gives us some opportunity to compete collectively and provide greater breadths to our agents and our customers that I think is going to be proved to be important.
Jeff Sprague  Vertical Research Partners: The name controls  the word controls in the name, but it sounds like its not a controls company though?
Bill Sperry: Not specifically, no.
Jeff Sprague  Vertical Research Partners: Yes. And then just back on margins, they did look encouraging, Id kind of thought they might see some pressure just on the scramble to catch up from the weather and expedited shipping and other things. Im assuming some of that went on and you offset it. Can you just kind of address what if any type of fire drill, you did need to have in the quarter and what kind of impact that might have had?
Bill Sperry: Yes, I wouldnt describe it as a fire drill but I would say that as a senior management team, we were focused on cost controls. And I think our facility is kept operating so you did see some investment in inventory. Were hoping that we need that to go out the door here early in the second quarter. But I wouldnt describe it as a fire drill as much as just trying to be very mindful. I do think we were helped by the fact that we had kind of one time facility cost, not repeat this quarter this quarter that kind of made an easier compare that maybe inflates that number a little bit Jeff in terms of whats sustainable run rate improvement.
Jeff Sprague  Vertical Research Partners: And youre just pricing overall but do you expect to be able to kind of recover back to neutral and in the power market or is that likely to run negative over the course of the year?
Bill Sperry: Yes, Power specifically is proving to be competitive. And I think that well try hard, well try hard to get back to neutral there. But it has been a little bit of a headwind.
Jeff Sprague  Vertical Research Partners: Okay, great. All right, guys, thank you.
Operator: Well take our final question from Brent Thielman with DA Davidson.
Brent Thielman  DA Davidson: Hi, good morning guys.
Dave Nord: Good morning.
Brent Thielman  DA Davidson: Just on that last comment Bill, that the unfavorable pricing in power, could you kind of characterize that getting any better or worse relative to what youve seen in prior quarters?
Bill Sperry: Yes, I think that what weve been seeing is  if you had a transmission project, that was going to be a fairly competitively bid, the larger the kind of the project the more competition and probably the more price competitive that bid would be. And so, were finding it to be yes, I think price competitive is the only way you can describe kind of the Power Systems business for the last several quarters. And what were expecting going forward.
Brent Thielman  DA Davidson: Okay, fair enough. And then, should we see comparisons related to sort of Sandy restoration get a little easier here going forward or restart some of that indicates you from a year-over-year perspective?
Bill Sperry: No, I think the bulk of it would have been found finishing towards  in towards Q1. So, I think your statement is right.
Brent Thielman  DA Davidson: Okay. And then just lastly the comments around non-res bid activity getting a little better. I mean, do you look at relative to kind of coming off this slow start to the year or is the general pipeline looking a little more robust relative to prior years?
Dave Nord: Thats one of those  its too early to tell because there was so much that was being held up in the first couple of months that  or we think you drive around and you can see a lot more activity going on. Thats the market assessment that were often making and you probably are as well so.
Brent Thielman  DA Davidson: Okay, great. Thanks guys.
Operator: This will conclude todays question-and-answer portion of the call. Id like to turn the conference back to management for any additional or closing remarks.
Jim Farrell: Okay. Well, thank you again everyone for joining us today. I know it was a busy day. Im certain around the rest of the day. Should anyone have any follow-up questions, and if not well chat again at one of the several conferences we have in May. So, thanks again for joining us.
Operator: This does conclude todays conference. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2013 Q4  (2014-01-28 10:00:00) =====
Executives: James Farrell - Vice President of Strategic Planning and Investor Relations David G. Nord - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director and Member of Executive Committee William R. Sperry - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: Christopher Glynn - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division Richard Michael Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Charles Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Jeffrey T. Sprague - Vertical Research Partners, LLC Noelle C. Dilts - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Mike Wood - Macquarie Research
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Hubbell Incorporated Fourth Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to Mr. Jim Farrell. Please go ahead, sir.
James Farrell: Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. I'm here today with our President and Chief Executive Officer, Dave Nord; and our Chief Financial Officer, Bill Sperry. Hubbell announced its fourth quarter and full year results for 2013 this morning. The press release and earnings slide materials have been posted to the Investors section of our website at www.hubbell.com. Please note that our comments this morning may include statements related to the expected future results of our company and are, therefore, forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Therefore, please note the discussion of forward-looking statements in our press release and consider it incorporated by reference into this call. In addition, comments may also include some non-GAAP financial measures. Those measures have been reconciled to the comparable GAAP measures and are included in the press release and the earnings slide materials. Now let me turn the call over to Dave.
David G. Nord: Okay, thanks, Jim. Good morning, everybody. I'm just going to provide a little bit of highlights for our fourth quarter and full year results, got a couple of other topics to cover, and then I'll turn it over to Bill for a little more of a detailed review. Obviously, you saw our results. Very pleased with how we finished the year, particularly a year that's had mixed markets throughout the year, with sales up 7%, acquisitions contributing 3% of that. So good core growth, probably the best core growth we've seen whole year. The end markets, as I said, were mixed. Non-res was a little better than we've seen all year, obviously still depending on the strength in the renovation. And then our energy efficiency market, residential market continued to be solid for us, double-digit growth. Now the utility market is much weaker, as we signaled earlier in the year, particularly on the transmission side, also a little tougher compare because you don't have the storm activity that we saw last year. And I think there was a little bit, certainly in December and some of that continuing into this year, the impact of this severe cold weather, obviously storms, to the extent they provide activity. But regular maintenance, a lot of that is getting deferred until the weather warms up a bit. And then on the industrial side, we saw some good performance there, particularly on the high-voltage business. Of course, that's a very lumpy business, but we predicted that, that would be recovering. We saw that earlier in the year, and that was a contributor in the fourth quarter. All that giving us some good margin expansion, up 90 basis points, with productivity driving that, as well as some lower material costs. And all that leading to earnings per share, up 15%. Anytime we deliver 15% earnings, I can't help but be very pleased with the performance of the organization. So all that helps us finish the year a very solid year, good operational performance in an environment of a lot of ups and downs in the markets, with sales up 5%, acquisitions benefiting that by about 3%, so core growth up 2%. As I said, the end markets were all mixed. And we think -- and we'll talk later about how that -- we see that playing out into '14, but from my standpoint, I'm just pleased that we were able to navigate through those mixed markets, still focusing on the execution that this organization has really become very keen on. We finished with margin expansion up 40 basis points. That's what we guided this time last year, so I'm pleased that we're able to deliver that. We obviously had some help from lower material costs but still focusing on continued improvement in productivity. I think we also spent a lot of time focusing on our capital deployment. We increased our CapEx spending last year, up 20%. We increased our dividend, up 11%. We spent nearly $100 million on acquisitions in 2013. And we had share repurchase of just over $30 million to make sure we kept up with the dilution from employee options. So the continued focus on investing in the business and returning our strong cash flow to shareholders. I think we've also made some good progress on building on that foundation of our One Hubbell strategy, good progress during the year. We've realized some early successes, but there's still a lot of opportunity in front of us. And we'll talk more about that at our Investor Day at the end of February. I think, the other 2 points that I would raise: one, and you saw that we closed in the last week on 3 transactions, 3 acquisitions, 1 in our Electrical systems business, a $30 million manufacturer of power resistors. And then in the Power Systems business, 2 deals: 1 a manufacturer of plastic enclosures, that helps fill out our line for our underground enclosure and pedestal business; and then a small, but very meaningful for us, transaction, a little market leader in devices that store reserve fiber optic cable, so it's really supporting the telecommunication industry, which is a part of that -- our business that we're continuing to expand. So all in all, I think we saw that we expect that to contribute about $45 million in sales for 2014. The other significant item of note is the organizational change that we announced yesterday. Part of our strategy around One Hubbell, in addition to focusing on customers and operating discipline and people, is really on the growth initiative. And that had 2 elements, 1 on acquisitions and the other is investing in new products. So that -- and one of the things we want to make sure that we continue to increase our capabilities and our investment in our resources, and further evidence of that is something that we've created a position to help drive some of that more effectively in the organization, created a Senior Vice President of Growth and Innovation reporting to me. And we're fortunate that we have someone in our organization that can really fit that bill very well, and that's Bill Tolley. Tough bull to take Bill Tolley out of the Power Systems business that's performed so well and particularly in tough markets, but he's a great resource, particularly with his diverse experience, both from a financial background as well as operating in multiple businesses within Hubbell. So I'm really pleased that he's going to be joining the corporate team and helping us to drive both acquisitions -- our acquisition agenda as well as investing in new products. We're also fortunate that we have a strong team that allows us to fill that gap in the platform with an internal candidate. Gerben Bakker, who I think some of you might have met at prior investor meetings, is stepping in, replacing Bill as the President of the Power Systems business. Gerben has very diverse experience. He's been with Hubbell for 25 years, started in the wiring business, had some international experience, ran the Brazilian operation for Power Systems and then has run 1/3 of the business over the last few years in Power Systems. So I'm really delighted that we have this capability internally, we have these resources internally and that we're committed to investing to improve and continue to grow the business. So 2 good events just reported in the last week. And with that, let me turn it over to Bill to get through some details on the financials.
William R. Sperry: Thanks, Dave. Good morning, everybody. Thanks for joining us. I'm going to start on Page 3 of the slides that Jim had mentioned to you. So reported sales for fourth quarter up 7%, with a balance between acquisitions and organic. Operating margins up 90 basis points from the prior year to 15.6%, with productivity really being the main driver there. EPS of $1.38, 15% increase; and strong free cash flow. Just wanted to pause for a second on the acquisitions. Our format with these slides sometimes doesn't let us aggregate multiple years' worth of information. And you all always ask us lots of good questions about our capital deployment and acquisition program, so let me just share some of the facts over the last few years, give you a sense of what's going on with the acquisition program. So back in '11, we invested about $30 million that year; in '12, $92 million; as Dave said, this past year, $98 million; and already $95 million in 2014. That program comprises 12 different companies that we've acquired. And I'd make kind of the following observations. I think first is you'd see good balance offered against our organic markets by that level of activity. The average deal is a small tuck-in really averaging about $20 million in sales of those last 12 companies that we've bought. They've been across our portfolio of businesses: Power, Lighting and Electrical, different pieces of Electrical. And I think you're seeing an increasing pace, which Dave mentioned. So just give a little bit about background to that 3% of acquisitions and put it in context to the last few years and in case that inspires more questions when we get to Q&A. On Page 4, you see for the quarter the $807 million of sales, the 7% increase. 4% of that increase came from our end markets, and those end markets were skewed very much toward our Electrical segment and away from our Power segment. In the non-res area, really not getting a lot of help from new construction yet, but the renovation and relight is really where we're getting our growth. We really are exposed to non-res. I think of it 2 different ways. We got our lighting business, which really is benefiting, that relight lift is quite significant, versus some of our other non-res Electrical businesses, commercial construction, ROUGH-in electrical boxes, some of the connector businesses. You're seeing a little bit, still growth but driven more from that reno. And so the Lighting part of our exposure there is getting the most lift from non-res. Industrial, as Dave referred to, really mixed between some of the extractive industries being up modestly with industrial production, but the driver of industrial growth coming from high-volt test equipment. And as Dave mentioned, they got off to a slow start this year. We were expecting sort of a U-shaped year, and that's really what played out there. Utility for the fourth quarter, distribution fairly flat and transmission being quite soft, continue to be quite soft for us. Residential, I know some of the data that's been coming out recently is mixed, but we're seeing very nice broad-based growth contributing there. So the 4% from end market skewed strongly to Electrical. Now on Page 5, we've got the gross margin for the quarter, up 40 basis points to 33.6%. And I'd really call your attention to our productivity initiatives. Those -- the payoff from some our capital spending, which we'll talk about when we get to cash flow, are kind of accelerating during the year, being a little more effective, early-year projects getting late-year payoff. On the selling and administrative side, the increase in dollars that you see there can be largely attributed to acquisitions that we made, but those acquisitions come with volume. And the net result, with S&A spending up 4%, you're getting leverage against the larger sales growth. So a 60 basis point improvement there to 17.9% of sales for S&A. So happy to see that leverage kicking in. Page 6, we've got the operating profit for the quarter of $126 million, very nice improvement of 90 basis points to 15.6%. 14% improvement is nice. Really just good to see contributions both at the gross and S&A levels there. So nice, strong quarter for OP. On Page 7, we switch to the non-op side. And for us, another expense, the interest expense is comparable. So the delta there on small dollars is really attributed to higher foreign exchange losses. Tax rate, similarly comparable, a little higher tax rate as -- despite the fact that we had the R&D in this year, but we had less-favorable adjustments. So a 30 basis point increase in tax. So you get, on Page 8, the resulting net income of $82 million. Again, a strong 14% increase, especially considering that contribution all comes from the operating side. And earnings per share of $1.38. I like Dave's assessment, 15%, feeling strong. 1% better than net income because of slightly lower shares outstanding by about 100,000 shares, which is the result of the purchases Dave described, which were really executed through the second and third quarters so gave us slightly lower share count for 4Q. Page 9, we'll shift to a view by segment. So here, we're talking about the Electrical segment for fourth quarter, $585 million of sales, a 12% increase, with 5 points of that coming from acquisition. Residential continuing to be quite a strong contributor for us. And the non-res on that reno side continuing to be the story, not a lot of news there. If I tease down for you our Lighting performance, Lighting was up 12% in the quarter. We think that's nice and strongly above market growth, but so Lighting -- and part of Lighting being aided by resi, being good contributor to the growth side. On the performance, operating profit of $86 million, up a very attractive 170 basis points to 14.7%, really benefiting from the leverage of volume but also lower costs, productivity, material costs and also contributors from area like pension, where pension math was in our favor this year. Switching to Page 10. You see the Power segment having a down quarter, 4% down. Dave highlighted Superstorm Sandy was -- contributed about mid-teens level of dollar volume last year, and we also had weaker transmission. So a down sales quarter for the Power business. And you see the resulting pressure on margins of about $40 million of OP at 18.1%. Good productivity projects there but fighting lower volume. On Page 11, switch to cash flow. And again, a very strong finish to the year there. Good net income. Working capital demonstrating the seasonality that we typically get in our fourth quarter, where we're -- where working capital is a source of cash as we liquidate receivables there. And the CapEx number still being strong. And we'll talk about CapEx a little more when we get to the year, but good, strong finish of cash flow of $137.5 million. For the full year, when we were together on this call last January, Dave made reference to this. We were talking about 3% to 5% sales growth and 40 basis points of operating profit margin. I'd say what happened for us getting to the high end of the sales range of 5% was really with -- I'd say we were surprised by how soft utility was during the year. That was the main story. Some of industrial was a little bit soft as well, but I think Hubbell demonstrated the strength of its financial model and its business model by using acquisitions to fill in some of that unexpected softness and delivering these results. So 5% sales growth to $3.2 billion; operating profit, $508 million, or 15.9% margin. So it was a 40 basis point improvement. For the full year, we got tax help from the R&D inclusion in '13, and we'll talk about that when we get to outlook. The fact that it wasn't in '12, put 2 years of R&D in '13 and creates a particularly different -- difficult compare as 5 quarters were actually concentrated in the first quarter of '13. We'll get back to tax rate when we get to outlook. Net income, though, up 9%. EPS of $5.47, up 9%. We often get questions about incremental margin performance, so doing the math on this page, I think you'll get to mid-20s incrementals. And some of the factors that drive that, you end up with price cost, productivity favorability, and then some of the deals that you do tend to offset some of that. And so pretty good incremental performance, by our historical standards. Page 13 give you the view of the full year for Electrical. I think the themes are similar to the fourth quarter that we've already discussed. But $2.3 billion nearly there, 7% increase, acquisitions accounting for 4 points of that 7%. Again, the higher resi demand a consistent theme throughout the year. Reno helping non-res, also consistent theme through the year. And we talked about the mix in industrial, with high voltage providing the growth. But for the year, very healthy operating profit growth of 70 basis points to 15.1%. Again, tailwinds from price and material costs, as well as productivity offsetting inflation. For Power, on Page 14, you see a very flat performance for the full year. We're showing sales down 1%. But considering that we actually bought a company called Trinetics, which added 2%, and netting out FX, we really had volume organically down 2%. Distribution was reasonably flat, so most of that volume decline we attribute to the transmission side. And given that flat volume story, you see quite flat operating profit as well, $167 million at 18.1%. Page 15, let's switch to cash flow for the full year. You see nice increase in net income to $327 million. Working capital, an increased use. I'd highlight that as an area that needs work on our side in terms of working capital management. I've got a page coming up that shows that in a little more detail, but it's certainly an area that we'd like to be -- keep focusing and staying efficient on. On the other line, you'll see an increase of the source given some of the pension math I mentioned before. We didn't need to -- we're fully funded on our pension, didn't need to make a funding, so that proves to be a relative source compared to last year. And CapEx, Dave mentioned the focus on the increase of $10 million there. That $59 million, while reflecting kind of a counter cash flow, is something we're excited to be doing. A lot of that spending is in both the areas of new product development as well as productivity and some capacity expansion. CapEx in some years can get lumpy for us if there's something to do with a building or in the years, for example, when SAP was being put in. This is a year where not one project accounted for more than 5% of this CapEx. Lots of little projects, individual productivity and new product projects. So as Dave mentioned, with the highlight of Bill Tolley joining on the growth side, we're going to be -- keep doing this spending. We hope to be creating a lot of value coming out of that. Page 16, as I mentioned, is the follow-up, a little more detail on working capital. You can see the seasonal progression from 3Q to 4Q was similar to last year, a nice reduction of essentially 1.3%, but it's higher than last year. So our days on inventories were up a little bit. Receivables up a little bit. And payables not really providing a source to make -- to fund those two, so an area we'd like to keep tight focus on. But similar kind of seasonal trends to what we've been experiencing. Page 17, we talk about the capital structure. And as Dave highlighted, the deals that we did in January sort of makes the cash look a little bit overstated. So we've already spent $100 million of that this year on those 3 acquisitions. But with a debt-to-cap of 24%, we feel well poised to continue to make investments like we've done and that we're looking forward to doing. So, Dave, that sort of wraps up the discussion of the quarter and the year. And I'll turn it back to you to talk about our outlook.
David G. Nord: Okay, great. So on Page 18, just a few comments on our end markets and our overall outlook. I think, as we look through the end markets, we think, certainly, they're poised for continued growth next year overall. I think starting with the non-res market, I think there's some good outlook there. Certainly, we expect the continuation of the investment and the opportunity coming from the energy efficiency, particularly in our Lighting side. But hopefully, we'll see some additional investment on the new construction than on the more traditional non-residential. I think the industrial side, we expect to see that continue to grow in the 2% to 3% range. We've seen some of the improvement on the high voltage side, but really, on our core industrial, for the most part. I would say that when you get into the Harsh & Hazardous, there'll be a little bit of mixed performance there. I think the oil and gas will continue to improve next year. I think the mining side of the business, we'll still have some challenges, as they've seen this year. And then I think the utility side, we think that's going to, at least at this point, be flat. We certainly hope that turns out to be conservative. But I think from the experience we've had this year, particularly on the transmission side, but even the challenges that the utilities have seen on distribution being able to fund investment, we're a little more cautious on that. As Bill mentioned, we were surprised by the weakness. We signaled that earlier on as soon as we saw that, particularly in transmission. And we've seen that, although our orders in December were a little bit better, but I can't say that's the case in January. And some of that is -- may be attributable again to the severe weather conditions that we're dealing with. I think that's also a market that what we've seen this year and I think some of the impact on our business in the past year has been on some of the competitive pressures on pricing. And we continue to maintain discipline on that front, but I think we expect that -- we've taken some hard look at some of our cost and we're going to take some more aggressive positions on cost. Lastly, on the residential side, we're forecasting that market to be up 10%. I think a year ago, we said that 10% might have been a little bit conservative. I'm not sure I would say that this year. I think as you've seen the data on housing starts and permits and most recently new home sales, I think that is -- we're paying close attention to that. On the other hand, I would say that I'm very optimistic about our ability to perform in those markets. And our team, particularly in our Progress Lighting side, is very well positioned. They've performed very well. I was just with them a couple of weeks ago at the Dallas market for residential lighting, and the customer feedback that I received was very complimentary about the Progress team ability to perform this year, far better than many of the competitors. And so -- and we see some of that continuing. So very optimistic about that. So when you put that all together, we think there's overall growth of end markets in the 2% to 3%. Turning the page, how does that play out for our segments? On the Power side, which is a little less than 1/3 of the business, we see that business up 2% to 3% overall, with acquisitions contributing 2% of that. And on the Electrical side, up 6% to 7%, with the non-res and res growth, and acquisitions contributing 3%. So overall sales, up 5% to 6%. It's a balanced contribution between both acquisitions and organic, which is the model that we like, and that's on acquisitions that have been completed. Operating margin expansion up 20 to 30 basis points. It's a little bit lower than our normal guidance simply because from the acquisitions that we've done, we think there'll be a short-term margin dilution of about 10 basis points. So the core business, still up 30 to 40 basis points. Tax rate, up a little bit. We go through this cycle every other year on R&D tax credits, so since it hasn't been extended, we're assuming a rate that doesn't have an R&D tax credit. If that changes, we'll let you know. And free cash flow, equal to net earnings. So, Bill, I don't know if you want to add any additional comment to that.
William R. Sperry: I think it's worth, Dave, maybe just reminding the call about Hubbell's seasonality. We tend to, in a typical seasonal year, get more of our sales out of the back half of the year, typically order of magnitude historically may be 52%, and from an earnings perspective, even a little bit more than that. And I think, for the first half, first quarter tends not to be -- is less of a contributor than the second. So -- and I think, as Dave -- when you talked about what we can see from January orders, it's not -- we don't -- we're not getting a clear vision. We've talked with you over the past year about month-to-month some slightly erratic order behavior. Dave mentioned the weather. December and January are interesting months because you sometimes get customers being motivated by incentives, which pulls more orders forward. And so in any case, it's a -- just remind everybody of the seasonality of which this annual outlook has embedded in it. And also, I guess, from that tax rate, just to remind everyone as well, that there really was a concentration in the first quarter of a lower rate last year, so the -- of the headwind, it will be a little bit more pronounced in the first quarter.
David G. Nord: So I think, just wrapping up, our performance last year clearly demonstrates our ability to deliver improved performance even in the uneven markets. We finished the year strong. We look forward to building on that next year. And the entire team really is unifying around our One Hubbell approach as we look to exceed expectations at every level of our organization. So with that, Jim, you can open it up to questions.
James Farrell: Okay. Divona, let's open up to the Q&A portion.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll take our first question from Christopher Glynn with Oppenheimer.
Christopher Glynn - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: Had a question. Just wondering if you could split out C&I Lighting performance and what you see in terms of the competitive landscape there. Any changes in the industry competitively?
William R. Sperry: Yes, I'm not sure, Chris, that we see a lot of competitive change. I think that the nature maybe of some of the -- on the C&I side, maybe some of the relight projects, there may be some lumpiness and share shifting that can go on as big customers do a bunch of projects and then maybe they pause. And but I don't see a big shift or change per se in the competitive dynamics.
Christopher Glynn - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then you sort of asked for further questions on the acquisition front, at least as I heard it, so let me throw my hat in that ring. Thanks for breaking out the recap. Still looks like, even adjusted for the new deals, the cash on hand is going to be about 2x what you've spent in the last 3 years and 1 month, we'll call it. So just if you could kind of re-clarify how the capital structure sits right now and the strategic importance of that.
William R. Sperry: Yes, we would describe it, Chris, as being highly liquid and poised for investment. You're looking at it compared to the last few years' annual run rate, which I think is one way to look at it. I think another is to consider that we did BURNDY for $355 million, right? And so I think having the optionality of the cash on-hand to be able to do BURNDY and bigger-sized deals, I think, is a competitive and strategic and value-creating advantage for us right now.
David G. Nord: Yes. Chris, I would just add to that. I think I dont want to lose sight of and I dont want to put undue pressure, but maybe it's good that I put some pressure on Bill Tolley. But a significant part of what I'm expecting him to add support to is not simply more of the same when it comes to acquisitions. I would say, to make sure that we can put more emphasis on much more of the same or more of the different, the larger, the more strategic transactions that we've talked about, we've put some energy around, but that's just one more step in, in putting more energy around those types of transactions. That's what he's going to be spending a lot of his time on, which he's got great experience from the breadth of his experience in the organization to really help facilitate that. So that's a big part of what we're talking about.
Christopher Glynn - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: Okay. And on the bigger deals, have you seen price get away from you on any? Have you had to kind of walk away from anything there?
David G. Nord: No. Actually, some of the things that have occurred out there that we've looked at, I think, have been consistent with our point of view of valuation. There hasn't been anything that we've been considering that is not actionable because of prices. It's more of other influences that come into play in whether it's actionable and the timing of actionability. So it really is just more of a probably a longer lead time to actionability on larger deals.
Christopher Glynn - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: And then just a quick one on Electrical margin. Called out lower cost. Is that a separate bucket from productivity?
William R. Sperry: Yes. Well, there was just more things in there than productivity, Chris. So something like pension, for example, that was lower. We sort of expanded the bucket from productivity to say lower cost.
James Farrell: Chris, that would also include lower materials in it.
Operator: And we'll go next to Rich Kwas with Wells Fargo Securities.
Richard Michael Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Just to follow up on the guide here for organic growth. If I look at the acquisition contribution and look at your end market outlook, it appears that you expect to grow in line with your end market outlook. And just what are the barriers to you outperforming the end market outlook as we move through the year? Is it lumpiness of projects, is it mix of business? How should investors think about that?
William R. Sperry: I think that price is one angle to that, Rich. And whether you're kind of price leading and putting pressure on even maintaining share versus the market, I think that's one consideration, but other than that, we would try -- the barrier is making sure you're doing -- I kind of invert the question little bit in the way Dave challenges our operating team is what are the ways to outperform the end markets? How much capital do you need for new product development and the like? And how aggressive can you invest in productivity so you can be a price leader? So we sort of take your question and invert it as we do our strategic planning and challenge our teams to try to outperform. In this case, I think you're right to say the way we've -- the way we're starting the year is to assume performance, which is again given some of that caution that Dave mentioned and some of the pieces of the end-market pie, really.
David G. Nord: Yes. And, Rich, I would -- let me just add that when I look at this outlook, my view of it and certainly what I'm pushing, as Bill mentioned, the organization, we're not satisfied with growing with the market. So part of it is, I think, a, we hope the market is little bit better. And we -- as you know, we tend to try to be a little conservative in our market expectations and then be prepared to deliver on better market conditions. Also, trying to, where appropriate, capture share, as I was talking about before, on the residential lighting side. I think we've seen some of that performance already this year. And so I would expect some of that to continue next year just because we have a great position there and we have a great track record there. And I think there's other parts of the market. And then lastly, we're certainly, as we talk about, continuing to focus on acquisitions, and we would add growth to the portfolio through acquisitions. So all those things, from my standpoint, suggest that the bias from our outlook will be better, but it's still early. Okay?
Richard Michael Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Understood, understood. And then just some tie ups some loose ends. On high voltage, what did that grow in the quarter? And as you think about the year, I assume that the growth should stay fairly robust here in the early part of the year and then slow down against tougher comps in the back half. Is that the right assumption? And then on lighting, Bill, do you have the split between C&I and residential growth and what the LED mix was in the quarter?
William R. Sperry: Yes. So let's start with high volt. So as you pointed out, they had a very strong double-digit fourth quarter, very strong outperformance, which came against kind of an easy lap versus last year. And so they're kind of recreating the inverse of this year by having that tougher comparison the second half, and so a little bit easier time growing in the first half. So your assumption on that is right. Your question on growth within lighting: The LED adoption rate in December was very strong and breached the 30% level, which was a good breakthrough for us. That's a good sign for the strength of that and good sign that our lighting platform is adopting that technology very effectively.
Richard Michael Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: And then, do you have the C&I and resi split on the lighting piece?
James Farrell: Rich, the residential was a bigger contributor to that. So resi was higher than the overall and C&I was in the low to mid-single digits.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll go next to Steve Tusa with JPMorgan.
Charles Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: One of the utilities yesterday was talking a lot about continuing to put money to work in transmission projects. I just want to get a little bit of color on that. It's unclear to me whether that's a step-up actually or it's just robust and kind of at a high level. They were just talking about how the returns are allowing them to throw money at transmission. That's going to be a priority. Maybe if you could just provide a little color on that.
William R. Sperry: Yes, I think, Steve, if we were to kind of abstract to the entire utility market, it feels to us like the average utility customer is feeling like -- that their CapEx dollars may be getting called towards the generation end, actually, as they're kind of dealing with gyrating fuel prices and making sure their fleet is properly aligned relative to natural gas versus coal. But we're finding, I think, net-net, people thinking that there's a little bit less attention and maybe less dollars available to be doing this kind of transmission and distribution spending that would affect Hubbell's level of volume. I think there's always pockets. And I certainly agree that a good transmission project can really -- can have good IRRs and it can really help. If you put some good, efficient high voltage in there or connect maybe to another FERC region, it can really lower your investment that you need to make on the generation side. So I think somebody saying that makes sense, but I think it's probably not reflective of the broader kind of general utility market as we're seeing it right now. But hopefully, that's maybe a trend of -- for the future and where we're going, because we've have some pretty soft T [ph] in those compares, which is kind of the other element of your question. Those compares start to get a little bit easier.
Charles Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. How much do you think storms -- I mean, the weather impacted the 4Q utility growth there? I think you said mid-teens level of Sandy impact, but I'm not sure what that kind of referred to. Maybe put a little bit of a finer point on that.
William R. Sperry: Yes. So I think the Sandy spending for us was in that order of magnitude of the $15 million type range of spending. And last year, we were talking about that potentially crowding-out other spending. And this year, it feels like it makes it more of a tough compare...
Charles Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And then one last quick one. I'm not sure if you...
William R. Sperry: And Dave's describing in the cold weather affecting maintenance spending and that cold is a little bit different than what Hubbell loves, which is an ice storm that knocks down the lines that we can immediately get replaced for it for our good utility customers.
Charles Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And then just one last quick one. You guys have been giving some good color on non-res, but I guess just the kind of the vertical discussion around institutional and commercial and other areas, maybe give us a little bit of color on what you're seeing today and what you expect for '14.
William R. Sperry: Yes. I think the first cut I'd give you, Steve, on that is the fact that the way outlook is constructed, and again we'll use third-party forecast to inform us on some of that regard, looks like the first split we make vertically is between public and private. And while private's been growing, it looks like that's continuing to grow in '14, as is expected. But I think some of the better news is that the public looks like it maybe has bottomed in '13 and should maybe return to growth. So I think from a broader perspective, that's pretty good news for us. But as far as then further slicing the verticals, we tend to be fairly kind of market represented in each of them, so we tend not to get terribly focused on what -- which verticals might be popping because we kind of try to get our fair share of each piece.
Operator: And we'll go next to Jeff Sprague with Vertical Research.
Jeffrey T. Sprague - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: Just a few questions. Just first on the deals that you did. It was a little unclear if the 3 deals collectively add $45 million in sales. Or was -- the power deals added $45 million, and then that resistor deal's another $30 million. Can you just clarify that point?
William R. Sperry: Yes. Sorry, Jeff. In aggregate, $45 million. Sorry.
Jeffrey T. Sprague - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: In aggregate, $45 million, okay. And just in terms of kind of the M&A targets now with Bill in the new role. Dave, I think about that kind of pyramid you used to put up, and I can't totally visualize it right, but you got -- kind of got kind of a sweet spot in low voltage and you say you want to avoid apparatus, and there's a few other things. I mean, do you come outside of that construct? What kind of license does he have, do you guys have to kind of open it up to maybe broader adjacencies?
David G. Nord: We -- generally, we don't come outside that construct. That doesn't mean that it's a firm line on the top or the bottom, so there could be some drift there but with the core of whatever the target is certainly being in that middle part of the pyramid. I think that's -- as we look at larger deals, the issue with the larger deals is that they're not as pure as the bolt-on deals that we have. They always have some element that wouldn't necessarily be within our core, but it's not so far afield that we wouldn't take that along with what is the fundamental core. So that's a little bit of what I'm expecting us to spend a little more time on and a little bit more identification and evaluation to get more of those type transactions in the pipeline. So we have a number that we've always had in the pipeline, but part of the effort is to expand the possibilities. Okay?
William R. Sperry: I think, Jeff, you're right to bring up the pyramid. The -- that sweet spot, middle section above commodity and below apparatus, tended to be in the high $30 billion of wholesale volume, so we always felt like, as a $3.2 billion company, that suggested lots of room within that piece for us to keep getting bigger. So that -- you're right to use that pyramid as a guide of kind of how much addressable market's there.
Jeffrey T. Sprague - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: Okay. And then just on pricing, can you address what's going on? Has it tipped negative anywhere, perhaps in Power in particular, I'm thinking? But what is -- and you've got a little bit of relief on cost, obviously, but how about just kind of headline price, what's going on?
William R. Sperry: Yes, it was, I would say, Jeff, a very competitive year. We were, net, able to pull price but quite a small amount. And I agree with you, some of that is being influenced, I think, by the very benign commodity market. And so then your question evolves into, are there some markets that are pretty competitive? I would say you're absolutely right to point out, within the Power segment, and I'd say even particularly within Power, that large transmission sort of megaproject, as that comes up, I think people are willing to bid that pretty competitively. And I think the lighting side continues to be aggressively priced as those projects come up.
Jeffrey T. Sprague - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: Is lighting pricing just more reflective of the natural price-down from LED? Or is there -- do you feel like there's some like-for-like price-down as you try to adjust through the mix effect?
William R. Sperry: Yes, I think there's, yes, just good old-fashioned price pressure there. Just call it competitiveness.
Jeffrey T. Sprague - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: Yes, okay. And then just finally for me, on the high voltage. And I do recall, as far back as kind of this time last year, you were saying you expected it to pick up. Just wonder if you could give any insight on what's going on at your customer level around that? I mean, is there new transformer capacity going in? Or is it a increase in transformer production at your customers that's driving that? Is there any visibility behind what's actually driving the business?
William R. Sperry: Yes, there's -- there's really 2 customers that we have for that segment. One, as you point out, is the OEM transformer manufacturer. The other is the utility who's doing field testing. And these products, Jeff, really, if I were to say the single biggest driver, it's probably emerging market electrification. So a lot of our product is going into international markets. A lot being said about emerging markets right now maybe not being the solid performers going forward that everybody's expecting, but the other side, on the OEM side, it's hard for us to say that there's net capacity. Our customers, in some cases, are getting out of certain facilities. Some are relocating to new locations. Others are adding capacity, but actually, a slightly mixed picture for us on the OE side. And so net-net, I'd say our opportunity comes on the kind of the international side.
Operator: And we'll go next to Noelle Dilts with Stifel.
Noelle C. Dilts - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: I just had another kind of quick question on non-res. If -- I'm curious to know your thoughts just on how you see non-res kind of progressing through the year, when you think we'll start to see kind of an acceleration in large projects given that you typically see this pickup in the spring, and then how your product cycle would follow that. Would you expect to see again more of a back-half-loaded benefit as some of those projects progress?
William R. Sperry: Yes, Noelle, I'm not sure that we feel we have any crystal ball. I think some of the early optimism around hockey stick -- as the hockey stick rebounds, which is probably not the way we're planning our year. I think you're right to point out that, spring in second half, we're really hoping to see stronger growth maybe than the first. But I don't think we have any great crystal ball on that. And in terms of cycle timing, you're right to point out that some of our products, like the ROUGH-in electrical boxes, and commercial construction oriented are sort of mid-cycle spend, and things like C&I Lighting tend to be late cycle in a project [indiscernible].
Noelle C. Dilts - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then when you were discussing kind of this new -- the new structure in -- of the organization, I think you mentioned a bit about new product development. I was hoping you could expand on that a little bit, maybe touch on the key areas of focus. And is this really disproportionately -- would this be disproportionately weighted to lighting?
David G. Nord: Sure. First of all, no, it's not disproportionately weighted to lighting, although they certainly have had the most dynamic change in the market and so had a lot of investment there. It really is focused around making sure that we're, one, doing the best to share a lot of the best practices that are around the organization in new product development, whether it's on the lighting side, on the utility side and/or on the Electrical systems. When we brought BURNDY on 4 years ago, they had a really nice process that we've been trying to build off of, I think, in the Power Systems side. And it's interesting that Bill is going to be taking this on because our Power Systems has done some things around new product development, but I think that's a market that has a lot more opportunity to develop more advanced capabilities in those products. So it's really just to make sure that we have -- or are putting the appropriate emphasis and investment to be sure that we are maintaining a leadership position particularly in those markets that we are a leader in and then building off of that to develop a leadership potential in those markets that we aren't. So it's really around the focus, the sharing and, to some extent, the investment and making sure that we are appropriately investing and pushing ourselves as aggressively as possible. So, okay?
Operator: And we'll take our last question from Mike Wood with Macquarie.
Mike Wood - Macquarie Research: I guess I'll just ask on M&A. Historically, it looks like you guys have paid about 1x sales. I'm curious if you can just give some color in terms of what was different in first quarter on these acquisitions. It looks like you paid just over 2x sales.
William R. Sperry: Yes, I think, if you were to broaden, Mike, to the last 12 that I highlighted in our conversations, that's been about 1.25x. It tends to be really more our average. What drives that multiple is obviously margin and growth rate. So it can bounce around, but if you are looking for averages, I'd think more in that 1.2x, 1.3x range is probably more what I would expect to be typical.
James Farrell: Okay, Divona, I think that wraps up the Q&A portion.
Operator: Yes, that is the end of the Q&A session. I'd like to turn it back to our hosts for any closing remarks.
James Farrell: So, everyone, thanks again for joining us this morning. And certainly, if any of you have any follow-up questions, you can certainly contact me throughout the day and into tomorrow. So thanks again for joining us.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today's conference. We appreciate your participation.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-10-17 10:00:00) =====
Executives: James Farrell - Vice President of Strategic Planning and Investor Relations David G. Nord - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director and Member of Executive Committee William R. Sperry - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: Christopher Glynn - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division Richard Michael Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Drew Pierson - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Michael Sang - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Ryan Edelman - Vertical Research Partners, LLC Mike Wood - Macquarie Research
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Hubbell Incorporated Third Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. For opening remarks and introductions, I will turn the conference over to Mr. Jim Farrell. Please go ahead, sir.
James Farrell: Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. I'm joined today by our President and Chief Executive Officer, Dave Nord; and our Chief Financial Officer, Bill Sperry. Hubbell announced its third quarter results for 2013 this morning. The press release and earnings slide materials have been posted to the Investors section of our website at www.hubbell.com. Please note that our comments this morning may include statements related to the expected future results of our company and are, therefore, forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Therefore, please note the discussion of forward-looking statements in our press release and consider it incorporated by reference into this call. In addition, comments may also include non-GAAP financial measures. Those measures are reconciled to the comparable GAAP measures and are included in the press release and the earnings slide materials. Now let me turn the call over to Dave.
David G. Nord: All right. Thanks, Jim. Good morning, everybody. Thanks for joining us. Let me just give some overview commentary on our results, and then I'll turn it over to Bill for some details. You've seen our results and certainly, we're pleased with another quarter of strong performance. I think our results, we feel very good. Nice, solid performance. And I have to say, I'm particularly proud of our ability, the organization's ability, to perform despite what continue to be very choppy markets. You see sales are up 6%, but our end markets are certainly pretty mixed. Non-res is a little better, but still relying on the strength of the renovation market, not necessarily meaningful improvement in new construction. The resi market continues to be solid, even with some volatility in that market, as you see in some of the -- some of the reports says interest rates rise. The utility side continues to be weak on both the transmission and distribution, and it's also impacted by, at least in the quarter, virtually no storm activity, a very quiet year. Although I think we've seen -- we did have a little benefit this month from a snowstorm up in South Dakota. But no meaningful activity there. And the industrial side is mixed. I'm particularly pleased with our high volt business, starting to come back, and some improvement on our harsh and hazardous. More importantly, we've got margin expansion of 100 basis points year-over-year this quarter, a lot of that driven by productivity and our continued focus on productivity and the benefit of lower material cost. And as we announced earlier this week, we increased our dividend, payable in the fourth quarter, by 11%. On the platform level, commentaries on our electrical systems, as I said, our high-voltage business is up nicely, and you know that we've talked about that and expected improvement in the second half. When it -- so you start to see the orders going out the door. You're not really sure, and we certainly have seen that. So we feel much better about that part of our market. Acquisitions, particularly in the electrical systems operations, continue to contribute to growth. Our margin there benefited certainly from the lower material cost, as well as some of the volume leverage. On the lighting side, new constructions certainly show pockets of activity, but still a choppy pattern. I think what we've seen most recently, some of our larger project orders continue to be on the health care side, which is good for now, although I think we anticipate that may be slowing in that particular market. The renovation, still driving most of the activity on the non-res side. The residential markets, as I say, continue to be strong, and we're participating in that quite nicely. Our most recent acquisition on the lighting side, Nordlux, added to our LED capability and is integrating very well. And on the LED side, I think we've seen close to 30% penetration on our sales level as we exited the quarter. And I think we're also, most recently, recognized, as you've seen, by some of the industry in terms of our product innovation and recognition. On the power side, that continues to be a challenging environment for a lot of reasons, the regulatory uncertainty, lower demand. But we're navigating through that. Certainly, distribution, as I said earlier this year, that project business was slowing, and we've seen even some of the project business that we anticipated being released in the third quarter, being pushed out, but also some continued weakness on the distribution side. As well, that's become a much more price-competitive environment than we've seen in the past. But on the positive side, because we've had lower transmission projects going out -- and as we've said, that tends to be more price competitive and lower margin -- we've got some of the mix benefit. You see that in the margins on the power side. Lastly, on the acquisition front, the acquisition of Connector Manufacturing and Nordlux are both performing extremely well. We'll talk later, but the pipeline's active, and we hope we may be able to close another 1 or 2 smaller deals before the end of the year. So with that, let me turn it over to Bill to take you through some of the details.
William R. Sperry: Thanks, Dave. Good morning, everybody. I'm happy to be using Version B of our comments this morning rather than Version A with -- the government wasnt paying their bills, and we'd be talking about a different world maybe. But -- so as Dave said, our sales up 6%, with acquisitions contributing about 5% of that. We had FX headwind of 1 point, so organic volume, as Dave was referring to, a pretty modest 2% attributed. Some acquisitions that were contributing the 5% are coming from 5 different investments that we made. Dave just made -- he referred to Nordlux and CMC. What I like about that is they're spread across both segments, electrical and power. And within electrical, spread across lighting, which Dave mentioned Nordlux, but also spread across industrial, as well as harsh and hazardous. So good evidence of how the acquisition program is complementing the organic volume that's out there. Lighting really led the organic growth side of that. As Dave mentioned, the resi side of lighting, quite strong, and the reno side really helping that grow. Another strong grower was high-voltage in the quarter. So the operating margin was up 100 basis points to 18.1%. EPS of $1.62, up 12%. Free cash flow, continuing in excess of net income, which is to get to our annual goal of equal or better. And I hope you all saw, a couple of days ago, raised the dividend to $2 a share, an increase of 11%. I'm going to be using the slides Jim referred to. I'll go by the page number. So I'm on Page 4, looking at the end markets contributing to the 6% sales. In non-res, really, that new construction is really still soft, thanks to the public market being particularly soft and the institutional side of public in particular. Public is in better shape, but the net of those is quite flat still. And it's that reno and relight growth that's helping us grow overall in non-res, which is a really important driver. On the industrial side, you'll see the extractive industries. Our harsh and hazardous markets were reasonably flat through the quarter. And to try to make sure we provide clarity, the high-volt test equipment -- we're indicating the orders here, i.e., the end-market orders for the quarter, were quite flat. The sales from earlier quarters were very, very strong. So this is really insight into 2014's high-volt business, and we'll talk about our outlook. Dave will come back to that at the end. Dave mentioned utility, still some softness at transmission and distribution. I'll just add off of a pretty high level of spending still. And resi, despite the -- all the mixed signals out there of mortgage originations and fears of interest rates, our business is still experiencing very strong residential spending. On Page 5, we show the gross margin, up 80 basis points to 34.8%. Largest contributor was productivity, and I just want to kind of draw some highlight to that. Productivity for us comes through a lot of small capital projects that are focused on productivity. To us, as a management team, it's part of our paradigm of management company, very, very important. And I'll comment on that when we get to cash flow. I'll show you the CapEx. [indiscernible] And we had a lower material cost, particularly on the steel and copper side. Good news here for gross margin [indiscernible] for industrial margins and end markets. On the S&A side, really look at it both as a dollar matter and as a percentage of sales. The increase in dollars is due to acquisitions that Dave mentioned, while -- as an overall spending matter, we benefited from the volume leverage and actually reduced the percentage of sales [indiscernible] [Audio Gap] On Page 6, we show our operating profit. $151.6 million, 18.1%, representing 100 basis points improvement over the third quarter of '12 and describes how productivity in the lower material cost drove the gross margin and levered at the S&A level. In other expense, on Page 7, non-op here really have interest, which is very flat always, and FX. It gives us the volatility. So we had some losses versus gains. I see a couple million dollar difference there. The tax rate, very, very comparable to last year. We had R&D favorability versus some of the discrete adjustments in the quarter, absorbed that favorability to have a very, very flat tax rate. On Page 8, we show net income up 11%, really derived from all those drivers we just mentioned. You see we picked up an extra percentage of growth at the EPS line, up 12% to $1.62. That extra point really being driven by the fact that we had 240,000 fewer shares based on some repurchasing we did in the quarter. We'll switch to the segments now. Page 9 shows you the third quarter view of Electrical segment. You see 8% growth, with 5% coming from acquisitions, 3% from volume. Again, that residential really was strong at 17%, and the non-res increase on renovations we've talked about. Industrial is quite mixed, as we saw, high volt being up big double digits versus -- some of the steel-oriented and mining-oriented industrial businesses that we serve are actually down in the quarter. So mixed on the industrial side. And at the OP level, you see a 15% increase to $145 million, up 110 basis points. The lower material costs were helpful here and the drop-through on the higher volume. And again, we'll comment on the productivity of all those projects to offset other inflation costs. Page 10 is the Power segment. You see a very flat sales environment, but our Trinetics acquisition added 2%. So it's really showing some negative organic, weaker distribution of transmission. But the importance of those productivity projects you see now at the OP level, where we earn $47.1 million of operating profit, 19.8% of sales. A very nice improvement, 110 basis points over the prior year. On Page 11, we look at cash flow for the quarter, and we look at that working capital usage. Our inventory days were up just a little bit, an area of focus for us. The other line, the fact that we did not have a pension funding this year versus we did last year, based on the high funding level of our pension fund. And you see that increase in CapEx, again very important to drive those productivity projects as well as new product development work, which Dave made mention to some of those new products in the lighting sector that have won some awards recently. Page 12, we switch now from a Q3 look to a first 9 months and year-to-date look. You see here $2.4 billion of sales, up 4%. Operating profit at $381 million, 16% of sales, up 20 basis points. Earnings per diluted share, $4.09, up 8%. Page 13, we break out the Electrical segment, and you'll see sales growth of 5% to 1,000,000,677, acquisitions being 4% of that 5%. So the story for the year-to-date, quite consistent with the third quarter, where we've got resi being very strong, non-res being aided importantly by renovation and a mixed level of industrial markets. Operating profit of $255 million was 15.2% of sales, 40-basis-point improvement, 8% increase. There were some favorable pricing and material cost tailwind there helping drive that. Again, importance of productivity to offset inflation from wages and health care and other items. On the Power segment, you'll see, on Page 14, for the year-to-date period, very flat. Sales flat at $700 million. Operating profit flat, down $126 million and 18.1%. They had some favorable product mix, which is essentially the lower mega transmission projects, as favorable to mix. Those tend to be a little more price competitive. Again, you see the high levels of productivity. They absorbed facility, a consolidation that we talked about in earlier quarters. Cash flow year-to-date on Page 15. You see that $186 million, continue to see the usage in working capital, which is inventory-driven and continue to see the pension funding differential in that other line. And CapEx, higher levels of CapEx, the importance of new product development to our productivity. The trade working capital on Page 16. Third quarter was just below 20%. And again, the inventory days were a little bit higher. It's an area of focus for us of making sure we've got very high levels of customer service and trading off, trying to be as efficient as we can with our working capital. Our capital structure on Page 17, you see the cash down a little bit based on some of the acquisition activity Dave highlighted, 2 bonds that are out there, and you see a debt-to-cap of 25%. So a very liquid capital structure, very poised to make the investments that Dave was describing in terms of acquisitions. And, Dave, I'll switch back to you for outlook.
David G. Nord: Okay. Great. Thanks, Bill. So just looking out for the rest of this year, we certainly continue to be focused on meeting our financial goals. We're looking at our -- for sales growth for the year, finishing at about 5%. That's -- I recall, our last guidance was in the 4% to 6% range, so that's right at the midpoint. That's not an insignificant level of year-over-year growth in the fourth quarter. That would require high-single digit growth, some of that obviously coming from the acquisitions we've done, but a solid mid-single digit market growth, which, before today, could have been highly uncertain. Now, it just has the normal level of uncertainty that we would typically see in the fourth quarter, with a little bit of keeping our eye on what happened, we all recall, a year ago in the fourth quarter when things slowed down. But our order patterns to date, at least halfway through this month, are consistent with our forecast, in some areas slightly better, which we prefer to get ahead of it in October, because the end of the fourth quarter tends to be a slower period. So we feel pretty good about that. On the margin side, we think, based on the performance in the third quarter, that we're more likely to finish it 40 basis points up for the year. So all in all, a very good result. And I think it would set us up nicely going into next year. Now next year is a whole another story. I mean, we -- the things that Bill referred to as our option A or option B on our disclosure, the solution that was designed yesterday, from our perspective, only takes away the near-term crisis uncertainty. But unfortunately, it doesn't solve the long term. And so that's going to -- we've got to monitor that closely. I've spent a lot of time out in the market with customers, and everyone is paying attention. No one is seeing any real, from our perspective, any real negative impact. But of course, that could have all changed if we didn't get to a solution. But as we look at the markets for next year, I think we're still in our planning process for '14 as we're looking at the third quarter -- the third-party data that we start in our planning process. We certainly see market growth in 2014. I think construction markets, in general, are going to lead that growth. Residential is still going to be in the double-digit growth area, and we're hoping that the non-res new construction improves. I think you see the industrial markets all should grow low-single digits. And I think, certainly, the high-voltage turnaround that we've seen will certainly add to that, and the energy markets will be positive. And the utility probably will be the most challenging, certainly in the short term. Electricity demand continues to be weak. You've got a lot of investment and generation changeovers, a lot of pressure, little or no rate relief going on. So I think the near-term investment profile -- we think the data support is going to be pretty modest growth. We all know that the infrastructure need the investment long term, and it'll ultimately be there. But we're still a little cautious, and I think most people are still pretty cautious. So overall, we think that the end-market growth, based on third-party data, as they say, is going to be in the low-single digits, 2% to 4%. What we do over the next couple of months, is obviously continue to monitor the market, see how we finish this year. But we also spend a lot of time with our end users, as well as our channel partners and getting their take on what they're planning. Because that -- at the end of the day, that's what really is going to drive our business. And we've often found that that certainly is a more reliable indicator than some of the third-party data. The third-party data, at least over the last few years, has tended to be a little bit high in most markets. But I think that the -- what I've heard so far from our end markets is, when I look at this year and next year, certainly this year, not as good as we had planned and not as good as we believe it could be. And hopefully, next year, it will be as good as it could be and as good as we expect. So I think there's a positive view on the opportunities next year. And we're going to continue to focus on margin expansion for next year. I think it's -- from our standpoint, next year, productivity will be even more critical on that side because, recall, we had some benefit this year from favorable price over cost, particularly a lower material cost that we don't expect to continue next year. So we're going to be depending a lot on our productivity. And that's why you've seen, during the course of this year, we've continued to make investments in facility rationalization. We've closed the Mexican facility at the end of the quarter. We announced the closing of a smaller lighting facility, and we're going to continue to do that to help support our efforts around productivity. So I think our performance year-to-date demonstrates our ability to deliver improved performance. And I think it continues to support the premise that we've always used, which is the markets are volatile, they're unpredictable and we can't control them. What we focus on is the things that we can control, which is the effectiveness of our operations and driving for continuous improvement. So with that, let me turn it over to -- back to Jim and we can open up to questions.
James Farrell: Hey, Debbie, let's go ahead and open it up to the callers.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll take our first question today from Christopher Glynn with Oppenheimer.
Christopher Glynn - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: Dave, you commented the volatile end markets clearly and the effectiveness of the programs you can control. And obviously, that's showing up. Can you elaborate and maybe give a little detail on specifically some of the productivity programs that are washing through here and now?
David G. Nord: Well -- I mean, some of them are the things that we've been doing for a number of years. I mean, first and foremost is on our coordinated sourcing efforts. That was a big element of a business case, you recall, for SAP. And we still have a lot of more opportunity in that area, and it really comes around more coordinated. As I've talked earlier in the year, back at our Investor Day, we're focused around a more coordinated One Hubbell strategy. And so that's really a key to what we're -- what we continue to do and what continues to provide a benefit to us. But we were also looking at other functions within the organization where we can drive productivity and improvement, whether that's in finance or HR or some of the other support functions, as well as getting a more coordinated selling effort. When we're out in the market, we obviously have a great reputation, a great name, and we've built on more than 60 very valuable brands. But a lot of the end market is not familiar with the collective value of that, so we're spending a lot more time on those. And we're seeing some of that benefit as well. So...
William R. Sperry: I think, Chris, if you were to peel apart our capital projects, productivity projects, you'd see, in a typical year, that 5 to 10 level of spending on 2 or 3 facilities that get consolidated, and then just lots of little projects that -- it's how we -- philosophy get implemented. It's that cell [ph] level. Ideas can come bottoms-up from a very small ideas, and you push productivity by doing lots of sit-ups and lots of push-ups every day.
Christopher Glynn - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: Sounds good. And then on the -- it got cut off a little while, so I may have missed something. But on the transmission, you anticipated -- for the 3Q, some got pushed out. Does that -- I take it that stuff that was already awarded. Does that kind of show up in the fourth quarter?
David G. Nord: Well, we hope. We thought it would in the third. It's just a question of when those projects get released. And so that's a bit of the volatility that we deal with. So some of that should be in the fourth quarter, but we thought it would be in the third. So...
Christopher Glynn - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: Okay. But it's correct to think that it's stuff that's already been awarded?
David G. Nord: Yes. Yes, it is.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Rich Kwas with Wells Fargo Securities.
Richard Michael Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Just a couple of quick questions. So on '14, with the 2% to 4% market growth, Dave, could you give us some color on product introductions and just potential outgrowth versus that? I know you've kind of gone through a product cycle with lighting, and I think that's ongoing. But how are you thinking about the rest of the businesses in terms of new product introductions and the ability to outgrow that end-market target, or where you think the end-market is going to grow?
David G. Nord: That's an interesting question, Rich. Certainly, we continue to invest in new products. On the lighting side, as a good example about where that -- those new product introductions are not necessarily incremental to the market growth. They're critical to participate in that market growth. However, we've seen examples where some of those product introductions have been able to capture some more market share than we would have had in the legacy product. So there are those examples, but I wouldn't say that there's any particular areas that are going to drive, at least at this point, outgrowth. But that still remains to be seen. I mean, certainly, our strategy is to outgrow the core markets through share gain, and our preferred approach to that is through product innovation, not through price. So we think we can win on the product innovation, but we may lose some on the price. So it could be net neutral at the end the day, unfortunately.
Richard Michael Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay, all right. And then on industrial mix for next year, that was a bit of a headwind. And I know you had some headwind with utility not being as strong. It sounds like, for next year, you're thinking utility is going to be pretty flat. But on the industrial side, do you see some benefits from high-volt harsh -- harsh and hazardous and some of the higher-margin product lines picking up and being a little bit of a tailwind to next, next year on industrial?
David G. Nord: Certainly, those are positive contributors on the margin side. And so we would expect those to be some tailwind. The flip side to that -- and of course, at this point, we're always trying to make sure that we're looking at things in a balanced way -- the competitive environment in some of our markets, particularly on the utility side, has become more price competitive. So even flat to slightly up had some potential margin pressure that, as a market leader, we're certainly not going to contribute to. But we've got to be able to react accordingly. So we're a little cautious on that, but you're absolutely right in that we're happy that a couple of markets that are better contributors are picking up as we've navigated through, particularly like the high voltage. So I think there is potential. We're certainly going to work toward that if the pricing environment is supportive.
William R. Sperry: I also think, Rich, you're pointing out within industrial some of the strong areas. There's also a mix as non-res starts to outgrow the other segments, which we anticipate over the medium to longer term. We actually get some mixed headwinds from that. So as Dave said, it tends to balance it out.
Richard Michael Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then last question on lighting. You did the LED penetration. What are the numbers between residential, non-residential for the quarter, in terms of growth?
William R. Sperry: Resi was up 17%, very strong, Rich. And the C&I side was up mid- to high-single digits. So really driven from the rental side. So Dave talked about the LED adoption rate, we -- the year-to-date period, were at about 25%. As Dave said, we ended the quarter at 30%, so that growth trend really continues to be there. That adoption rate continues, it does not look like it's tapering off at all.
Operator: We'll go next to Drew Pierson with JPMorgan.
Drew Pierson - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I just want to drill back into price cost a little bit on the -- both for the quarter and then kind of the year. As you see it, what's the magnitude of the price cost benefit, both for 3Q and then full year guidance?
William R. Sperry: Yes. So the cost for 3Q were a tailwind. They were helpful. Price was -- it's much more challenging. So, and for the year, we're anticipating, if you add -- sometimes we use shorthand, Drew, of price cost to include 4 different variables. We talk about price -- 2 components of cost, one being material, the other being inflation, like wages and health care. And that against productivity. We look at all 4 of those variables for '13, the full year, we've had a very helpful tailwind from those. So that's part of what's been driving a good margin story for us. And what -- as we look forward to '14, as we start to compare the incrementals year-to-year, it's hard to have that tailwind keep repeating itself, and it tends to come back into balance. That's one of the factors we're -- that's driving kind of our margin, both this year and next.
Drew Pierson - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. I mean, in magnitude, is that like more than 1 point of benefit? Or is it below that?
William R. Sperry: We -- it's -- we tend not to want to maybe pull it out that specific maybe, Drew.
Drew Pierson - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Yes, understood. Switching gears, just on the lighting side, maybe the competitive environment, both with your kind of traditional competitors like Acuity and then maybe some of the stuff that Cree is doing in the space. Maybe just an update on what you've been seeing over the last several quarters and your kind of outlook and observations there?
William R. Sperry: I think that the lighting space is growing very attractively for us. It's -- as you say, there are some newer competitors that -- some of them are targeted towards national accounts. Some of them have a targeted kind of narrow SKU approach. Some of them are bringing a price aggressiveness approach. I think from the way Hubble continues to approach the market, we're trying to be a broad-based lighting fixture competitor. We like to have national presence and be able to offer full SKU breadth, whether it's through a large box retailer on the resi side, or whether it's to a homebuilder on the resi side, or whether it's C&I projects of wide varieties, from airports to parking lots to office buildings. And so I think that the dynamics for the way we're approaching the market continue to be consistent over that last couple of quarter periods that you're asking about where innovation, LED adoption continues to be critical. We're making a lot of investments in that area. Dave kind of highlighted some of the awards for innovation that we're winning. I think it's important to keep coming up with new products, which we're doing. And the C&I side, you have to be good at the reno side to be successful right now over the last few quarters. And we bought a company a couple of years ago that's sort of focused on the rental channel through escas [ph] and lighting services companies. That helps us out. And I think one of the changes is, Dave mentioned a lot of times with customers, I think the distributors are getting very sophisticated as to how they are selling retrofit and reno. And so us continuing to serve our distributors is positive in terms of continuing to compete with someone. So as much as there's a lot of change, I think the market dynamics for us are continuing in ways that allow Hubbell and our competitive positioning to thrive.
David G. Nord: Drew, let me give you a quick summary of how I -- how we see it. In my travels, it's clear that lighting is a great place to be because of what's clearly the market demand that's out there. Everybody wants to be in lighting. Of course, as a result, because everybody wants to be in lighting, it's become a much more competitive environment. But that's one that we feel particularly good about, our position, because at the end of the day, you're still -- you're out selling product that you're selling has a longer life cycle. It helps to be someone who's been in the business long enough to be able to demonstrate that they've been around long enough to support that longer product life cycle, has a broad enough product offering to support a complete solution, not just a one-off product. So there's a whole lot of stuff going on with new entrants, with one-off products. And so, that's creating a lot of activity. But the good news is the underlying demand is certainly positive, and we're just going to navigate some of those competitive pressures.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll go next to Nigel Coe with Morgan Stanley.
Michael Sang - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: It's actually Mike Sang in for Nigel. I was wondering if you'd give a little bit of color, I know you talked about a little in your prepared remarks on M&A, just what you're seeing in the space, what your backlog looks like. And I think you mentioned a couple of deals here. Just what areas are you focused on in terms of M&A?
David G. Nord: I'll let Bill cover that one since I ask him that question all the time.
William R. Sperry: Thanks, Mike. Yes. So the pipeline continues to thrive. We continue to see lots of good opportunities. For us, it continues -- the challenge continues to be to find the fit that works with our strategy, our product suite, our distribution network, and we're having a lot of luck finding things that seem to fit right now. It feels like the competitiveness on that pipeline is up a little bit. I know that we've gotten a lot of questions over the last couple of quarters as to our price is too high, our valuation is creeping away from us. And I'd say that we feel pretty excited about the values that we continue to see. But I do think that it feels a little bit like competitiveness is up in terms of others looking maybe at the same things we are. But I think Dave really highlighted how we've got things, which is we've got a balance sheet that's poised to make investment, and we've got an increased number of resources internally. And we've made investments in the processes to be more effective, both at finding and integrating our acquisitions. I think Dave made some reference to the fact that our last 2 are getting integrated very well. I'm glad that that starts to become sort of a ho-hum message. That's kind of what's expected, and I think that's going that way. So we continue to be very optimistic about what's out there and our ability to close them and integrate them well. You asked about if there are specific areas, and I think the thing that encourages me the most is that they're not specific areas. They're all areas. We've seen situations across our entire portfolio. We get lots of calls and lots of questions from private equity firms on what we want to sell. Probably get 10 calls a week from somebody who wants to buy, somebody who wants to sell. And I think it's a good affirmation that we don't have anything for sale. We like the stuff that we have. We like our positioning. In fact, we're trying to consolidate and prove the positionings on those. So it's an active process, it's an active market. And I'd say we're optimistic about our ability to keep kind of this level. So if you see us with a model of trying to maybe double the organic growth with acquired growth, that's a model that the level of activity out there would support, and I think we put pressure on ourselves to keep doing more. And I think the hard part -- Dave made an interesting -- saying that we're hoping to get another 1 or 2 closed by year end, and he commented those are typical Hubbell-sized deals. I think what's a very hard for us to comment for you all is when would something of more significant size come along, the frequency of those much lower. And so I'd say our pipeline is very typical of Hubbell sizes, which is that $25 million to $50 million company that we run across that's for sale.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Jeff Sprague with Vertical Research.
Ryan Edelman - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: It's actually Ryan sitting for Jeff. Wondering if we could just talk a little bit more about the underlying demand, particularly in the utility business, and particularly with a focus in distribution. I think we all understand what's going on on the transmission side, but the distribution side seems to be at odds with strong resi environment. Can you just talk a little bit more about what's going on there?
David G. Nord: Yes, sure. I mean, that's probably the only place that I would say it's -- the demand is arguably at odds with resi growth. But I think we -- some of that, as we've said earlier, is because there was a build-out of existing developments. So there wasn't a lot of new investments. We have seen some benefit in our business on some new developments but nowhere near the level that would be consistent with the resi growth itself. Certainly, we think that would be an element of growth opportunity next year that would offset the otherwise conservative and cautious expectations on demand, on distribution. As I said earlier, we know there needs to be spending there. The problem is particularly with the IOUs. They're under some tremendous pressure on rates, on returns, on capital structure, on source of fuel. You add the dynamic of substitution of renewables, they're -- what we hear from that part of the market is much more caution in the near term until things start to settle out. So I hope that helps.
William R. Sperry: Ryan, with distribution, I think we may have -- we tend to describe -- the majority of our distribution is maintenance and repair, not construction. And we tended to count on that maintenance and repair to be a steady year in and year out kind of increase in spending. I think what we've witnessed is the shock of '08 caused '09 to be a low-spending year. And as Dave described, some of the pressures I think this year is too. So what we've maybe described as steady has a little more volatility in it, and that's what we're facing. I think your view is right that that construction side of the -- that comes from resi should be to help bolster some of the distribution spending going forward.
Ryan Edelman - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: And then maybe a similar question on the non-res side, just trying to really get your feel for what you're seeing in that market, maybe in the near term as we kind of start to look out to '14.
William R. Sperry: Yes. I think in non-res, again, we split it out between public and private. And the public side continues to drag us down. The overstimulation back in '09 and '10 is creating -- it was unsustainable, and creating a little bit of a hangover there. But on the private side, Ryan, -- and particularly in public, some of the institutional side showing some of the more soft -- softness, whether that's education and some of those areas. I think we're strong before. But on the private side, we are starting to see growth. And that's, to me, good news. When you look at some of the leading indicators like ABI, you start to look at square footage and contracts, our put in place spend will lag to start a new building. So we continued to wait for that spending to pick up. We get a lot of questions, when Jim is on the road, about what -- is non-res today or tomorrow or next week? I think we're all sort of waiting for it. And it continues to -- just continues to not look like that hockey stick is right upon us. If you look at some of the third-party forecast, I'm sure you look at some of the same work that we do over the last 6 months, the outlook for next year's non-res put in place spending on buildings has softened a little bit. So that hockey stick was presumed to be, I think, in full bore by next year. I think it's just going to be a bit more modest as we recover.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll go next to Mike Wood with Macquarie.
Mike Wood - Macquarie Research: In addition to the third-party trends you were just talking about, non-res and some of the leading indicators, do you get any direct feedback there in that segment from your customers or distributors in terms of backlog or projects being deferred, particularly around the government shutdown? And in any sense in terms of when that log jam might break?
William R. Sperry: Mike, I would say we certainly have no ability to predict what impact all that nonsense had on contracts and timing on when they might get restarted. We wouldn't really have any insight into that, I'm sorry to say.
Mike Wood - Macquarie Research: Got it. And just on the lighting side, you mentioned health care strength in the reno and some product innovation. I'm curious if you can give some color in terms of how narrow or broad that LED adoption is, whether it's moved beyond -- like those early adopters, and if there's an established trend in office or retailer or other verticals?
William R. Sperry: Yes. It may be hard for me to comment on verticals, but I would say the adoption is very broad across Hubbell's lighting brands, which I take as a pretty good sign that it's kind of seeping out there. I think that -- you're right to point out that certain applications lend themselves. I think areas like parking lots, airports, they seem to be adapting to LED at a very, very high level. A refrigerated application seems to be adopting to LED at a high-level. I'd say, on the resi side, it's still slow to come around because the prices are still high, the paybacks are a little slower given that your lights are on at home for only a couple of hours a day. So I think it's -- I don't know if it's so much by vertical as it is by application maybe. And it's starting to get, I'd describe, as pretty broad based.
Operator: Gentlemen, with that, there are no other questions in queue at this time.
James Farrell: Okay, thanks, Debbie. This concludes today's call. Certainly, I'm available in case anyone has any follow-up questions. And once again, thank you all for joining us this morning.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation. This does conclude today's conference. Have a great rest of your day.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-07-18 10:00:00) =====
Executives: James Farrell - Vice President of Strategic Planning and Investor Relations David G. Nord - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director and Member of Executive Committee William R. Sperry - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: Christopher Glynn - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division Richard Michael Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Ryan Edelman - Vertical Research Partners, LLC Brent Thielman - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division Mike Wood - Macquarie Research Noelle C. Dilts - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Hubbell Incorporated Second Quarter 2013 Earnings Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Jim Farrell. Please go ahead, sir.
James Farrell: Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. I'm here today with our President and Chief Executive Officer, Dave Nord; and our Chief Financial Officer, Bill Sperry. Hubbell announced its second quarter results for 2013 this morning. The press release and earnings slide materials have been posted to the Investors section of our website at www.hubbell.com. Please note that our comments this morning may include statements related to the expected future results of our company and are, therefore, forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Therefore, please note the discussion of forward-looking statements in our press release and consider it incorporated by reference into this call. In addition, comments made also could include non-GAAP financial measures. Those measures are reconciled to the comparable GAAP measures and are included in the press release and the earnings slide materials. Now let me turn the call over to Dave.
David G. Nord: Thanks, Jim. Good morning, everybody. Let me just take a few minutes to talk a bit about the second quarter, and then I'll give it to Bill to go through some of the details. We're certainly pleased with our performance, overall, in the second quarter, particularly when we think about the end markets that we're facing. As expected, very mixed, very difficult to predict. So our team is very focused on performance regardless of what the markets throw at us. But overall, our sales you see are up 3%, largely due to the acquisitions in total, but even within our markets, particularly on the lighting side, good growth on that side of the business, the Electrical segment, x acquisitions are flat and then the Power business and we'll talk a bit more later. And I think from an end market standpoint, as I said, we've got some mixed markets that we're dealing with, the non-residential market, a little bit better, mainly because of the strength in the renovation market, we're not seeing any meaningful improvement in new construction. The residential market continues to be solid, although as you see from the monthly reports on housing starts and permits, it's a bit lumpy. Utility side was a little weaker on both transmission and distribution, but also against some pretty tough comps, you remember last year, we had a very strong start to the year from weather and releases on transmission projects. And then the Industrial side is mixed. The core is bit sluggish, our high voltage down sharply, although I think we feel pretty confident that that's the last time we'll be saying that. We got some good activity that we expect to start to come through in the third and fourth quarter. And the Harsh & Hazardous side, as we talked about, continued to be weak, although, we're seeing some signs of improvement early this quarter. So despite some choppy markets, particularly pleased with being able to continue to expand our margins, up 50 basis points, attributable to a combination of -- still holding a little bit of favorable price, even in light of the favorable material costs really being big contributors to that. And that was helpful because we still had some of the facility consolidation costs in the quarter. More importantly, I'm very pleased to talk about a couple of acquisitions that we've closed, one in June and the second one we just closed earlier this week, and I'll talk about that in a minute. I've been spending a lot of time on the road with our customers, our suppliers and with our operations. In fact I was just out last week, visited 5 of our locations and I'm always hesitant to highlight any one because the others feel slighted. But there was one that was actually a new acquisition, so it is a little bit different. The business that we acquired last year in our utility business, Trinetics, and I was particularly pleased to visit, meet with the team, look at the products and evaluate the integration. And I think on all fronts, very positive results and I think it's a strong indicator of the type of acquisitions that we're doing and the method that we have employed to integrate them. And on the new products side, we're still focused on innovation. At the recent LIGHTFAIR, the lighting business, where a lot of the innovation is focused, won 2 awards: one in our Kurt Versen business, on a MultiSource LED that actually is designed to allow a lot of plug-and-play for field conversion, fall from below the ceiling; and then our building automation, a low bay sensor dimming device. Now this is -- and if you've seen reports on LIGHTFAIR, some refer to it as LED Fair, but it's industry-wide, very well attended, so getting recognition from that group, I think, is indicative of our focus on our innovation. When we talk about facility consolidation, we continue to work our footprint. We completed the closure of the Mexican operation in Power Systems and we're near completion on a related domestic facility. Most of the costs are behind us, what happens in the third quarter is probably not meaningful. The pricing environment is still competitive. I mean, we continue to try and push price, particularly to cover some of the other cost inflations that you deal with, despite more favorable material costs. And depending on the market, some markets are more competitive than others. I think if we go through the platforms, just at a high level, the Electrical segment, as I said, a little weak markets in Harsh & Hazardous and High Voltage, but we think both of those will be turning positive and those are key to some of our outlooks for the second half. The acquisitions, certainly, a lot of acquisitions were in the Electrical segment and those are contributing to growth and some of the positive favorable price costs. On the Lighting side, the new construction -- there's some pockets of activity but generally, a choppy pattern. More of it is based on the energy efficiency on renovation, the residential markets remains solid and the LED component continues to increase. The Power side probably has a little more challenge, the distribution side down slightly, if you exclude Trinetic's impact. Transmission and the Substation business down low-double digits. We've got some challenging comps, I mentioned a couple of months ago that we're seeing project deferrals, although some of those might get pulled back in, in the second half of this year. It's a lot more volatility but I think, overall, that part of the business continues to soften, the quoting activity is down dramatically. And it's probably not surprising when the industry and FERC in particular is looking at reducing the rates of return, so I think people are much more cautious about what they're going to invest in. We continue to maintain our price discipline in that business so that could contribute to some share shift in a competitive environment, but we think it's important to continue to focus on that. There's also, interestingly, some continued inventory destocking, particularly in the Northeast region, a lot of Sandy inventory build still being worked off by a few customers in the area, which does have some impact, but I would expect that, as we get towards the second half to the later part of the third quarter, they're certainly going to want to make sure that they're prepared this year's storm season. And then the good news is, despite the shift from transmission to distribution, that does help on the margin side because the distribution business is a better margin business there than transmission, so I think that has contributed to the Power Systems margin. So all in all, some good balance. We like our portfolio. We'd love it if every market and every business was hitting on all cylinders, that doesn't happen often, and so we're used to the challenge of navigating through some challenging markets. On the acquisition side, we closed on the Continental deal back in January, but this quarter, we closed on Connector Manufacturing Company in the Electrical segment, $44 million acquisition, excellent fit, extension of our offering in the Grounding business. And just earlier this week, we closed on a smaller lighting deal, a company called Nordlux, small but very important deal, extends our knowledge in the LED design and manufacturing, really helping us be first to market solutions with the specialty markets. So as I know the question's come up in the past about where our focus is on acquisitions, and we said it's in all of our businesses and I think this is indicative of that and we're very pleased that. So with that, let me turn it over to Bill to take you through some of the more -- some of the details on the numbers.
William R. Sperry: Thanks, Dave, and good morning, everybody. I'm using materials that, hopefully, you found on our website and I'm starting on Page 4. Our second quarter sales were $801 million, up 3%. As Dave mentioned, driven essentially by acquisitions. I think to give you a little bit of flavor of that, we had 5 different acquisitions contributing to the quarter. Dave was just referring to the breadth of that, those investments spread across both the Electrical and Power segments. I think that it gives you reasonably interesting snapshot of the state of our business development activities and, to the extent you're interested, we certainly can talk more about that in the Q&A. The second part of sales is obviously the organic end markets here where we had flat performance. On the non-residential side, which is our largest market, we continue to wait for a rebound in the new construction building market. It's not here yet. We continue to see a bifurcation between the private construction markets, which are growing a little bit, and the public markets which are not. And I think one favorable place we've got so far is the fact that the balance between those 2 markets is a lot closer to 60-40 now, with private being the largest contributor. And that compares to maybe 50-50 when government stimulus was at its peak and we think the 60-40 balance is a lot healthier. But we're still waiting for that new construction to catch. The renovation and relight continues to be the favorable side of non-res. It mostly impacts our lighting business, but it also helps us on some of our wiring device and other electrical product areas. So that's really the bright spot of non-res. The industrial story is very mixed in terms of both industrial production and some of the extractive industries. I think metals and mining are down. I think the oil and gas side a little bit more favorable. But the real drag for us in industrial comes from our high voltage test equipment, and this is now ends, I think, the string of negative compares for us on high volt, and when we switch over to outlook later, we'll talk about the outlook for that, but it's basically inflecting right now. I think Dave commented on the utility business, when we get to the Power segment, we can talk more about that. But we're seeing a decline, transmission providing the most volatility there. And the bright spot of the 4 markets is residential. I know the latest news had some derogatory insights into multifamily and everybody's trying figure out what impact weather had. I think we tend to step back from specific the month-to-month, and the trend for us certainly in the second quarter, continued to be double-digit positive, again, we can talk about our outlook at the end. But that's really our sales picture, which is flat end markets and the 3% coming from acquisitions. On Page 5, you'll see an impressive 50 basis point pick up in gross margin. That's really being driven by 2 sources: one is the better sales from higher margin products, as Dave was describing, in the Power business. Sometimes those large transmission projects can get reasonably price competitive and as those have declined and their contribution to us, we get a pickup, as a result, in margin; second driver was a little bit of pulling of price, which, combined with favorability and tailwind from our material cost side and productivity was essentially balanced with inflation. So the net of that was a 50 basis point pick up in gross to 33.9%. On the S&A side, you see an increase to $140 million, a 3% increase, which is largely in line with our sales. And as we watch it, the dollar increase comes from acquisitions, and keeps us mindful, as we view our acquisitions, that we've got to continue to integrate well and keep that S&A efficiency where we need it to be. On Page 6, we show our operating profit, increasing 6% to $132 million, a 50 basis point pickup to 16.5%. And as we've discussed, that's really all -- that driver is really all coming at the gross line. On Page 7, we've got our other expenses increasing a little bit less than $1 million, being driven by FX. And the tax rate is favorable by 40 basis points down to 32.4%, driven, in large part, with R&D tax credit being included in '13 and not in '12. On Page 8, the results of all those is a net income of $82 million, an increase of $6 million. Obviously, higher OP and lower tax is driving that. At the EPS line, a 6% increase to $1.37. Our share count was reasonably comparable across the periods. We had only very modest share acquisition activity in the second quarter. Let's transition now to talk about the 2 segments and, on Page 9, we've got Electrical. You see sales up 5% at $565 million, with acquisitions adding 3% to that, volume adding 2%. On the acquisition side, as Dave mentioned, a good amount of activity on the Electrical segment there. We have 4 different deals contributing to the quarter incrementally and they're spread across the Harsh & Hazardous business, connector business, as well as weatherproof boxes. And so, as Dave was highlighting, an opportunistic approach of good additions to our platform there. The organic volume of 2% being led by resi is our strongest competitor -- or contributor. Our Lighting businesses, for example, resi lighting business was up 13%, contributing to some of this growth. As we mentioned before, non-res has been driven by the reno, and industrial was a mix for us. Electrical segment picked up 60 basis points of OP margin to $89 million and 15.7%. They benefited from being able to pull price at the same time as receiving some material cost tailwind. So they picked up some benefit there, on the material side, both on the metals and as well, things like LED chips. And productivity and inflation, essentially, offset each other. On Page 10, we've got the Power business. I think Dave made a good description here. I think our utility customers are facing some interesting challenges. We've shown here, for the quarter, a 2% decline in sales to $237 million, but with 2% coming from acquisitions, from the Trinetics business that Dave mentioned his recent visit to. Implying volume being down 4%, we were comparing to last year's second quarter, where we had reported a 15% increase, so it's a difficult compare there to a high level of spending. But I think our customers are facing some interesting challenges across 3 fronts. I think on the demand side, they're experiencing the impact of conservation and efficiency that people are trying to gain in electricity usage. On the regulatory side, certainly getting buffeted there by their ability to get price locally and whether or not rates of return are allowable or being decreased. On the input cost side, pretty dramatic swings in their fuel prices and creating a focus on a generation fleet and how they've got to rebalance gas versus coal. And we think that's probably creating some competition for their spending dollars. So we're obviously focused on the distribution and transmission side. I think we've seen slightly lower [indiscernible] tends to build the more stable side of the business, it's the larger side of the business for us, tends to be driven by maintenance and repair, which ultimately, we feel utilities have to spend that. The transmission side, the large projects have been down since the big level of last year and -- so you see the effect on our sales. At the OP level, you see a pickup of 30 basis points to 18.2%. We talked about that favorable product mix where the large transmission projects being absent largely has a lot of pickup in that OP margin. And Dave gave a good description of the facility consolidation costs in order to invest in the platform's productivity and as a result of an acquisition that we've made in enclosures segment of power, we had the opportunity to close 2 different facilities, that Dave mentioned, largely completed, and a headwind to margin performance for the second quarter. On Page 11, we've got cash flow. You see that we've improved slightly over prior year, driven by the increase in net income. You see working capital usage up a little bit. We need to keep our focus there. We got some more charts on working capital we'll talk about later. CapEx being up is a positive, from my perspective. Dave mentioned from LIGHTFAIR some of those new product development, but the need on our part to keep productivity and new product development going, very important, so we like that level of CapEx spend. Okay, so Page 12, we transition now out of the quarter to the year-to-date, the first 6 months. And you see the first column, the year-to-date 2012 of $1.5 billion of sales. Just to remind everybody, that was a -- that year-to-date period was a 10% increase from the prior year, so nice high level of spending. And against that backdrop, we increased 3%. The OP margins were down 20 basis points, I think, as you recall, our first quarter was really driving this down. We had some mix, industrial mix drivers there, but a EPS increase of 6% to $2.47 for the year-to-date period. So for the 6 months, we consider ourselves to be -- we're in the locker room at halftime here assessing that. And it feels to us like we're making money with no real market help. And I think the implication is we're doing a reasonable job of managing price cost and doing a reasonable job of investing well, both in productivity and acquisitions. I think that's a summary maybe of the first half. And from here, I'll talk about the segments quickly because there's not a lot of news in the year-to-date period versus the second quarter. Page 13 is Electrical segment, 4% growth, 3% from acquisitions. So again, very flat-ish 1% organic volume, same drivers. Good resi growth, non-res driven by reno and industrial being mixed with the lower high voltage. OP margin's flat there you see at 13.9%. We did well on price above material costs and productivity offset other costs, but that mix, you remember, of industrial products from the first quarter, dragged things down a little bit to create a flat year-over-year period. Power is on Page 14. Flat sales, again, to remind you that year-to-date period of 2012 was up 14%, so a flat against that high level from last year, acquisitions contributed, 2%. FX was -1% , so the volume is really -1% and you see that was driven by the transmission compare to very strong first half last year. At the operating profit margin side, you see, $79 million of OP, 40 basis point decline in margin, driven largely by the facility consolidation that Dave described. Year-to-date cash flow, similar story to the second quarter we've got an improvement in net income. Some usage of working capital and, as I said, the desirable increase in CapEx . I think, given the seasonality of our business, we feel that we're on track to deliver onetime free cash flow at 1x net income for the full year as we go forward. Page 16 describes working trade, working capital, little bit more detail. You can see a little bit of creep here from the second quarter of '12 from about 18% up towards 19%. I think we prefer that to be down in the 18% range. The areas of focus for us are inventory and payables. What we're trying to balance against is our customer service need for inventory, as well as the fact that, as we add acquisitions, it can create some inventory management challenges. So we keep working on this and we're trying to drive it down, it's an important metric for us. Capital structure on Page 17 shows a liquid balance sheet with a debt to cap of 26%, and certainly, very capable of supporting the business development and CapEx investing that we're intending to do here. All right, so here we're going to switch and start talking forward. I'm on Page 18, on our 2013 outlook. Let's talk about 3 o'clock on the clock of the pie here. Resi, we've got at 15%, that's the same as previous. As we've said, I know the recent news, it's shown some choppiness in multifamily. I think, for us, we continue to get pretty favorable views from our customers, homebuilders, and so to us, having an outlook for the year of double digits seems very reasonable. Non-res have not changed from 1% to 3%, that's as, as we've previously discussed, again, it's a little bit up in new construction private, a little bit down in new construction, public, and that growth is really being helped by the reno and relight. Industrial is low-single digits here, also not a change. I think that what you'll see different going forward is our high volt business, it's starting to inflect. It's been down now for several quarters and our anticipation in the second half of the year that it's going to be up. That's good from a volume perspective, also good for us from a margin perspective of the high margin business. So the place where we made some changes to this outlook is at the -- on the utility side. We really reduced our outlook by 2 points. We've now got a 0% to 2% market outlook and we've discussed all the reasons contributing to that. So the net of all this is a market contribution to our total full year 2013 sales of about 1% to 3%. On the next page, we'll talk about how that plays out over the 2 different segments. So at Power, given that reduction of 0% to 2% for the market, the Trinetics deal that Dave mentioned should add 2%, so we're expecting a 2% to 4% sales growth for Power. In Electrical, you see 5% to 7%, a new deal that Dave mentioned at CMC, and creating a 4% contribution from deals. And so what we have is a 1% to 3% organic outlook, 3 points from acquisitions, getting us 4% to 6%, overall. We were at 3% to 5%, overall, and what's really happened is we took 2 percentage points of growth out of our Utility outlook and added some deal and that's really the net change that you're seeing here from our previous quarter. And that has influence on the margins going forward. So that's kind of a market and sales version of the outlook and I'll turn it back to Dave on Page 20 to discuss the outlook more robustly.
David G. Nord: Okay. Thanks, Bill. Yes, let me just provide a couple of comments on the outlook and then I know you guys want to have some questions. First, on the top line, as Bill said, we're looking at 4% to 6% sales growth with 3 points of that coming from acquisitions. The acquisition pipeline has been good, our closings have been good. There's still more in the pipeline, but you can never guarantee that you can get them to closure. But I would think that we would have, likely, at least one, potentially, more in the second half of the year, our typical size range. The outlook on volume becomes more difficult to predict as our business has migrated a little bit more to stock business from the large project business, as well as some of what has historically been a very stable predictable market on the utility side to being much more volatile. So that's added some challenges but I'm --we feel good right now from what we've seen with our 4% to 6%, while we historically have been conservative, or been viewed as being conservative, I wouldn't say we're changing that, but I would say that we have a lot more. We don't want of the unduly conservative, but this is a good outlook for us, as of today. Our margins, 30 basis point improvement, that's down from our prior guidance and really just because of the impact of the acquisitions coming in, and certainly the impact in the early periods of those acquisitions. A lot of that, to date, has been due to some of the favorable price cost and other productivity gains. I think we'll get a little bit more from productivity and, of course, when we get some of the facility closing costs behind us, that helps. But I think there's also an element of easier compares, in some cases, particularly on the volume side in the second half. Because of the uncertainty around our volume assumptions, we're even more focused on our cost management and planning around that, if the market softens unexpectedly and we'll deal with that. We also have some of the businesses that are recovering, like our high voltage business, as you know, is a very large project-oriented business and that can make the timing of the some of those projects and deliveries much more volatile. So we feel good about the second half. I can't give you, with precision, a third and fourth quarter bias. You know that we have a general strength in the third quarter due to construction, historically. But I think if you go back over the last year or 2, unfortunately, some of those historical patterns have been more volatile, with some of the dynamics in particular end markets. So all in all, we feel good about the second half forecast. But it's a weekly, monthly and quarterly challenge to navigate through that. So far, this month, we're about halfway through the month of July, I think our orders are okay. They're not supporting a big uptick in the third quarter. We're watching them closely, certainly the early part of the month is tough to draw any conclusions on because of holiday schedules and vacation schedules. But so far, we're okay committing to the range of guidance that we have. So with that, let me turn it over to Jim, and get into some Q&A.
James Farrell: Thanks, Dave. Let's turn it over to the Q&A portion of the call. Thanks.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll go first to Christopher Glynn of Oppenheimer.
Christopher Glynn - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: LED deal in terms of sales might be somewhat immaterial but any comments on size of CMC?
William R. Sperry: Chris, we got cut off on the first half of your question, sorry, I couldn't hear.
Christopher Glynn - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: Okay. Yes, I was just asking about the size of the deals that I think the LED one sounds sort of immaterial, but maybe the size of CMC?
William R. Sperry: Yes, CMC is going to add about one point to the second half of the year. And as Dave was describing, kind of nice typical Hubbell-sized deal and the lighting one was a little smaller..
David G. Nord: Yes. CMC was about a $44 million purchase price and the lighting deal was in the mid-teens.
Christopher Glynn - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then utility, do you think that's based, given what we've come through on the transmission, I dont know if you'll call it a bubble, but do you see that resuming growth at some point, looking even into next year? Or do you think we're kind of moving along peak levels here?
David G. Nord: I would say we're moving along peak levels, from our side. I mean, we clearly see a big drop-off in quoting activity, which is the first indicator. And I think that's what most of the forecast had suggested, that somewhere the investment was going to peak somewhere around '13. Remember that's calculated when it's put in service and some of our stuff happens before that. So I think you're going to see that. Our belief is that, that's going to start to turn down. It's still at high levels but it's not a growth engine for us, by any means.
Christopher Glynn - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then just lastly, the consolidation charges, are those done now? And what kind of payback are you looking at?
William R. Sperry: We've got a little bit, Chris, that'll finish off in the third, but quite small. And we haven't been explicit about the paybacks, but what when we're talking about closing facilities and moving that volume into existing footprint, and those projects are very attractive return-wise.
Operator: We'll go next to Rich Kwas of Wells Fargo Securities.
Richard Michael Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Dave, on -- you talked about the sales outlook, the 4% to 6% and saying it's pretty reasonable. But if I look at the margin here for the year, the 30 basis point expansion, which was revised downward a little bit, and I think about what happened here in the first half, you outperformed here in Q2 on the margin front, at least versus our numbers, you've got lower consolidation charges in the back half, you've got less of a drag from high volt and maybe that actually lifts a little bit in the second half. Harsh & Hazardous hasn't been great, it sounds like things are picking up a little bit there. So what are kind of the puts and takes on the second half margin and what are you most concerned about in terms of potentially -- essentially achieving the margin outlook? And then what are kind of the risks to potentially generating some upside.
David G. Nord: Well, I think, first and foremost, it's volume dependent. So the closer we are to the 4% growth, the more challenge it puts on that, number one. Number two, keep in mind that, as we mentioned, the second quarter margin had a good contribution from the mix, which is not consistent and necessarily continual. So you have a shift back to some of the other growth areas in volume. Particularly, as you know, on the lighting side, the lighting overall is not a -- not all those businesses are incremental margin contributors, so when you have growth on that side of the business, that puts a little bit of a challenge on it. And then it's also a very difficult pricing environment. We've been successful so far with maintaining discipline, but at some point, you do have to balance that discipline on holding price to your share implications. We hold out as long as possible and so that's -- when you ask me what I am concerned about, it's how that's going to play out in the second half. We're not expecting to give up on price, but you don't know what others will do in the market if demand is weaker. So that help?
Richard Michael Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Yes, it does. And then, Bill, I know I've asked this question in the past. On the distribution piece, you're seeing any signs of any benefit from the new construction side, from residential? I know you kind of said that, that probably is not going to really be impactful until next year, but what have you seen here in the last few months?
William R. Sperry: Yes, we still don't see, Rich, any impact, certainly not in this quarter, and we're not anticipating any this year. I'm hoping to be able to describe some next year. But for now, we just don't see the impact of that although your logic is dead-on, that once we start to outgrow the installed infrastructure with some of these housing construction, it's going to drive the need for some last-mile construction which will be very beneficial for our distribution business.
Richard Michael Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then just a cleanup question, last one. I think you mentioned residential lighting grew 13%, do you have the non-res numbers as well or a consolidated number for lighting in the quarter?
William R. Sperry: Yes. The non-res was up 6% and so the platform was up 8%.
Richard Michael Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Great. And that's revenues, right?
William R. Sperry: Correct.
Operator: We'll go next to Jeff Sprague of Vertical Research Partners.
Ryan Edelman - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: It's actually Ryan, sitting in for Jeff this morning. Just a couple nuance-y questions here. Just want to know what's giving you the confidence in the turn in high voltage. I know it's something you've been talking about for several quarters and comps are getting easier. I just wonder if you might delve into a little bit about that what you're seeing and maybe size it for us in terms of the impact to the back half?
David G. Nord: Yes, Ryan. I think that the high voltage is unique for us and that we tend not to rely on forecasting data to tell us what it can do. Tends to have a long lead time so we use our backlog. And so it does give us a higher degree of confidence in describing that turnaround. And I think, we -- in terms of order of magnitude, I would expect that the second half growth will largely offset the first half decline. So for the year, we'd have a reasonably flat high volt business.
Ryan Edelman - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: Okay. And then it seemed there was potentially a hint at possibly more restructuring if things start to get a little weaker in different businesses, and maybe I'm reading into that too much. But could you talk about some of the areas like maybe in the transmission business where things that are clearly slowing and based on utility CapEx budgets to use, definitely slowing in '14? Are these some areas of the business that you might look to cut more cost?
David G. Nord: I don't think there's any particular business. It's really more broad-based and what I'm referring to is just an increase in our cost discipline and our spending discipline. No radical impacts right now. But certainly, as I said, to the extent that the markets weakened dramatically, and we're surprised by that, we would be working toward looking at other actions that would occur. But nothing major at this point that's outside of what has been a continual process for us in our facility rationalization, in our productivity, in our hiring process. So I hope that helps.
Ryan Edelman - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: Yes. And maybe just one last one. If you could give us sort of a capital allocation update. Obviously, you've done a lot of work on the M&A side, I was wondering if we might start to look at more share repo now that we're halfway through the year?
William R. Sperry: Yes. I think, Ryan, to give a little flavor on -- we really haven't been doing much share repurchase. This quarter, we only bought $7 million [ph] worth of shares. We continue to kind of have an objective of offsetting creep that might come from an option exercise. And so acquisitions continue to be a big area of focus. Dave was describing some of the recent activity and deals can get lumpy. Sometimes it's helpful to widen the lens a little bit, and if I were to look at the last 8 quarters to give kind of a 2-year view, we've acquired 9 companies, investing $222 million. If you kind of try to cut that in half and said an average years of activity, right now is about 4.5 deals, adding over 3 points of sales, that's a good snapshot, I think, of how we're doing on the deal front. And that represents a ramp-up over the last 3 years, as Dave mentioned. Hopefully, no slacking on that in the future. So between the 2, we continue to have our focus on acquisitions, Ryan.
Operator: We'll go next to Brent Thielman of D.A. Davidson.
Brent Thielman - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Just on the acquisitions, you mentioned not additive to margins this year. Should those be a little more consistent with the base business -- businesses next year or incremental headwind or tailwind in margins?
William R. Sperry: Yes, they should be much more trued up after we've owned it for a year or so.
Brent Thielman - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Got you. And then just on the Power side, the rest of the world component is smaller, but could you talk around some of the trends you're seeing in that area?
William R. Sperry: Yes, so we actually had some contraction in our international power business as well, consistent with the platform as a whole. That's largely for us down in South America. And so consistent trend there versus here actually.
Operator: We'll go next to Mike Wood of Macquarie.
Mike Wood - Macquarie Research: I know you have nice backlog in the high voltage test equipment business that gives you confidence in the back half of the year. But can you also talk about what you're seeing in the recent order momentum, is that continuing?
William R. Sperry: Yes, Mike. The activity has been improving as well. The customers, to remind everybody, customers for high volt are really, for us, the test equipment goes into 2 places. One is it goes to OEMs who are making transformers, and the other is utilities who are testing their grids and their networks. I think we -- the trends have been transformer manufacturing globally are running pretty mixed around. There's some people moving capacity to low cost countries, others adding capacity, others shrinking. So kind of an interesting mixed picture there. Utility customer side, I think, showing us a little more consistent activity, Mike.
Mike Wood - Macquarie Research: Okay. And also you'd mentioned previously some optimism for gradual recovery into the end of the year in new non-res, but you'd said that you're seeing any meaningful improvement yet. Has that outlook changed at all?
William R. Sperry: Not sure I heard you right. You were talking about non-res?
Mike Wood - Macquarie Research: New non-res, in terms of new starts.
William R. Sperry: Yes. We really haven't seen it yet. So we can't really speak to anything specific that changes that and so we've retained our outlook where it was.
Operator: I'll go next to Noelle Dilts of Stifel.
Noelle C. Dilts - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: I'd just like to go back to transmission really quickly. I was hoping you could remind us what your typical lead time is between the quotation activity you're seeing and project construction?
David G. Nord: The transmission piece is -- you'd have to break that up into the 2 components, Noelle. I think the maintenance and repair side of transmission would have a more regular and typical order pattern and shipping that would be a little bit more book-to-bill. The longer lead time is the large project and that could be -- you can be building up orders, releases could be 3 months, 6 months, could be a year even.
Noelle C. Dilts - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then a couple of other players in transmission have talked about Canada as being actually an opportunity, and seeing some acceleration there. Can you comment on what you're seeing in that market and how much exposure you have?
David G. Nord: Yes, we would agree that the project activity that does exist in North America happens to be in Canada. Our market share there, Noelle, has not been as good as our overall market share. The market's been a little bit more price competitive. There's some international competitors there. So we'll have to see how that market evolves. But I agree with what you're saying that the activity has been north of the border.
Operator: At this time, we have no further questions.
David G. Nord: Okay, thank you, everyone, for joining us this morning. Certainly, if anyone has any follow-up questions, they can feel free to give me a call. And thank you, again, for joining us this morning.
Operator: That does conclude today's conference. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-04-18 10:00:00) =====
Executives: James Farrell David G. Nord - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director, Member of Executive Committee and Member of Finance Committee William R. Sperry - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: Christopher Glynn - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division Richard Michael Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Charles Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Nicole DeBlase - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Mike Wood - Macquarie Research Noelle C. Dilts - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Brent Thielman - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Hubbell Incorporated First Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Jim Farrell. Please go ahead.
James Farrell: Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. I'm here today with our President and Chief Executive Officer, Dave Nord; and Chief Financial Officer, Bill Sperry. Hubbell announced its first quarter results for 2013 this morning. The press release and earnings slide materials have been posted to the Investors section of our website at www.hubbell.com. Please note that our comments this morning may include statements related to the expected future results of our company and are therefore, forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Therefore, please note the discussion of forward-looking statements in our press release and consider it incorporated by reference into this call. In addition, comments made also could include non-GAAP financial measures. Those measures have been reconciled to the comparable GAAP measures and are included in the press release and the earnings slide materials. And now with that, let me turn the call over to Dave.
David G. Nord: All right. Thanks, Jim. Good morning, everybody. Let me give you a few highlights for the quarter, a little bit of color, and then we'll let Bill Sperry take you through the details. I think, as you see, we're reporting results of $1.10 per share on sales of $740 million, very much consistent with how we expected the year to start, although, obviously, the pieces are always moving around to get there. Our sales were up 2%, a big part of that coming from acquisitions, both the ones from last year, as well as the acquisition that we completed earlier this year, Continental Industries. But the sales -- what I want to make sure we don't miss is the sales volume still holding up at a very high level when we look at -- compared to last year. You'd recall, last year had a very strong start, particularly on the Power Systems, so we're pleased. I'm particularly pleased that, that level of activity and volume has continued. But our expectations for the year has always been a bias toward the back half, where the growth would start to come in. Our margins are below last year but -- for a couple of reasons, and we'll talk more in detail. We had a plant closing that we had talked about -- Bill Sperry talked about back when we met at the end of February, one of our Power Systems plant that we started the closing activity, and that's part of our normal ongoing continued focus on productivity and cost reduction. And as well, we were impacted by some mix issues, particularly in our industrial, where we've had lower industrial volume, and that's particularly a higher-margin volume, both high voltage and the Harsh & Hazardous. And as you'll also note that we had the benefit of the R&D tax credit that came through in the quarter. And because it wasn't approved until after the first of the year but applied retroactively to last year, we had -- the benefit of 2012 having to be reflected in the first quarter. So all in all, I'm pleased with the start to the year. I think it provides continued support for our expectations for the year. Across our platforms, the Electrical Systems platform, as I said, had weaker industrial markets, but acquisitions continued to contribute. We were very active on the acquisition front last year and expect that to continue this year. On the lighting side of the business, we've seen growth -- continued growth in that business. New construction, there's pockets of activity, and we're seeing -- particularly on the non-residential commercial business, we're starting to see some signs of growth, but that's, again, very modest expectations and against a very difficult market over the last few years, but certainly, the residential market being very positive. And on the Power side, as I said, last year was an exceptionally strong start to the year, so I'm pleased that we're continuing at that high level of activity from last year. And I think the margin in Power Systems really impacted mostly from the cost of the facility consolidation, but I think, in all of our businesses, the one thing that we are facing that's a little bit different than we expected coming into the year was a little bit more challenging pricing environment. And that's surprising in a slower growth environment but one that we have a lot of experience and we continue to navigate through. So I mentioned the acquisition activity continues to be positive. We closed on the acquisition of Continental Industries back in January. That's integrating well, and our pipeline is -- continues to be active and expanding with a number of deals being evaluated and processed. And I expect this year to be a fairly active year. Some of the other items. We had our analyst meeting, since we last spoke in January, in New York, where I think many of you attended or certainly, if you couldn't, you listened to. Those who attended had the opportunity to see firsthand some of our product display and meet with some of our business leaders and to get more insights into those products. We've also had some leadership changes since we last spoke. You saw one announcement. Most recently, we have a new Corporate Controller, Joe Capozzoli. He's replacing Darrin Wegman. Darrin has been our Controller for about 5 years, came out of our operations, and he's now moving back into a general manager role, actually leading our wiring systems and our industrial products, so we're expecting some big things from him on our industrial products side. And another area that many of you have commented in the past and inquired we're adding some resources to and that's on the tax side. We brought on a new Vice President of Taxes, Jim Van Hoof, to make sure that we are adding to our capabilities and focusing on what is a significant cost driver in our business. So a lot of good things going on and a lot more to come. But let me now turn it over to Bill, and he could take you through the details of the quarter.
William R. Sperry: Thanks, Dave, and thanks, everybody, for joining us here. As I dive into the numbers, my kind of overriding comment would be that it's pretty clear we're operating in what we would characterize as a low growth environment that has some variability from week-to-week and month-to-month, not a lot of consistent trends going on, and I think our platform is operating financially very well through that kind of environment. And as Dave pointed out, the numbers I'm about to go through represents a first quarter that's consistent with how we planned the year. So the sales growth of 2% really driven entirely by new acquisitions. Dave mentioned Continental. But this includes a portfolio of 5 different deals that we did, investing about $130 million in that group over the past year, and they're spread evenly throughout Electrical and the Power segment. And we'll talk a little bit more about those when we get to the segments. And again, that compares against an organic end market that was very, very flat essentially for us in the first quarter. The operating margin of 13.2% compares unfavorably to prior year, and Dave described for you a little bit how we've got some mix headwinds, and the biggest contributor is the fact of high voltage test equipment and Harsh & Hazardous businesses having -- which come with very high margins, coming with lower sales this quarter. In addition, the acquisitions that are providing the growth in their first year, as is typical, operating a little bit below our corporate average. So you've got some mix headwinds there. And then, the facility consolidation process, as Dave described, coming in our Power business, the enclosure business within the Power segment, and we had the opportunity to consolidate a facility there in the first quarter for efficiency purposes. And we're actually going to have the opportunity within enclosures and related to be able to actually consolidate another facility. So we're going to continue some of that spending. So $2 million of spend in the first quarter on facility consolidation. So we'll be getting -- to Dave's target of 1 to 3, we'll get 2 done on our first half this year. At the EPS line, up 5% at $1.10 and really benefiting from -- when we get to the tax page, you'll see the size of the impact, but certainly, the R&D tax credit providing a boost there. I'm using, by the way, the slides that Jim mentioned, and I'll refer to the page numbers, which, hopefully, you've found all those materials on our website. But on Page 4, let's go through a little bit some of that. We described the fact that the acquisitions had been driving the growth, so let's go through the end markets and look at the organic story. The non-res markets, through the first quarter, really quite flat. On the industrial side, you can see the fact that both the extractive industries, which is referring to oil and gas and some of the mining businesses, where our Harsh & Hazardous business lines up, along with high voltage test equipment getting a red arrow downward. As we look at the data, one of the best indicators for our Harsh & Hazardous business, as we've described for you all, is rig count. And in the first quarter, global rig count was down mid-single digits, which is -- really helps drive some tough headwinds for us in that business. Second interesting indicator within industrial production numbers, if you look at the iron and steel component of that, you saw some weak numbers in the first quarter so that's really providing some industrial headwind, which, if you just keep a place mark on that because that'll end up -- besides driving volume here, it has an impact on margins, which we'll talk about subsequently. Utility side, we see, again, flat organic markets. Dave's characterization here is very appropriate, that it's a high level of spending because it's compared to a very high first quarter last year that had some pull-forward of budgets and a very warm winter, and it compares very consistently sequentially from the fourth quarter to the first quarter to prior years. So spending level there feels healthy, just not a big growth rate in the first quarter. And residential at the bottom is really the place where we're seeing some significant strength. So even though we're getting some mixed signals lately in terms of permits and things like that we're really getting strong contribution in the first quarter from single family, multifamily and renovation within resi segment, so we've experienced some nice growth there. Going to Page 5 and getting into margins. You'll see gross margins of 31.9%, down 40 basis points. You can see the mix that we've referred to, really attributing about 40 basis points of that decline and a couple of million dollars in the Power segment of consolidation providing further headwind there. At the S&A line, you see essentially $6 million increase in dollars of spending. Acquisitions really drove about 2/3 of that and higher employee-related costs, just kind of the inflation that we feel, providing the balance. So keeps us very focused on that number, making sure we're efficient as we bring our acquisitions in and trying to keep that S&A over the longer run in line with our sales growth. On Page 6, we describe our operating profit. Essentially, $98 million, 13.2% margin. You see a 90-basis-point decline year-over-year, and that's due to the factors that we've just described, namely the mix and consolidation cost at the gross line and some of that headwind at the S&A line. On Page 7, the story is the tax rate. Here, you see a 600-basis-point decline to 26.8% effective tax rates. That's really driven by the implementation of that R&D tax credit as part of the American Taxpayer Relief Act of 2012. There's really 2 components to it that are worth separating for you. The first is the retroactive application of the 2012 component of that all condensed into the first quarter of '13. That was nearly 5 points. And then another 100 points -- or sorry, 1 point, 100 basis points coming from the application of the 2013 spread, which will be spread evenly throughout the year. But overall, that's giving us a big tailwind there in the lower tax rate. Page 8, you'll see the result is net income growth of 4%, and we're able to grow our earnings per share, as you see, to $1.10 by 5%, a little bit larger than net income just because of a slightly smaller share count in 2013. So I'm going to move now into some segment discussions, drill down a little bit into what we've just described for the company. Page 9, we'll start with the Electrical segment. And again, consistent with the story of our morning here is the fact that acquisitions drove the sales growth. There are really 4 different deals, as Dave described Electrical segment being active, 4 deals here in the past year. And what's exciting for me is how they are spread out into different segments. So Dave referred to Continental, which we've plugged into our Connectors, Grounding & Tool business. You all know BURNDY. We bought Vantage, which is a bolt-on for our Harsh & Hazardous business. We bought TayMac, which is a great add-on for our Commercial Construction business. And Cableform, a nice add-on to our industrial controls. So good example across the entire Electrical segment there of finding good ways to strengthen our strategic portfolio. We described how the industrial mix has been weak. As I've said, given the rig count, Harsh & Hazardous has actually been slightly negative, and high voltage test equipment was strongly negative, down double digits. And I think we've been spending a lot of time with you describing those dynamics. We're expecting this to be another down year, but really by the back half of the year, we're expecting that high voltage will have bottomed and start to grow again against some easier compares, and again, we've got a high-margin business there so that will be welcome as those 2 businesses come back. I think it's fair to point out as well on Harsh & Hazardous that while the rig counts look down in the first quarter, they're actually forecast to be up for the year. So again those 2 mix issues suggesting by second half, hopefully, will be straightening themselves out a little bit. As we described, non-res being relatively mixed and relatively flat, although good signs that hopefully, as the year progresses, we can see some improvement there, and resi being strong in the first quarter. For operating profit in the Electrical segment, you see 12% OP margins, a decline of 60 basis points, and that mix accounted for more than that decline. Page 10, we'll talk here about our Power segment. And again, being with the theme, the acquisition of Trinetics attributing all of the growth for the quarter and based on very high spending last year, very flat organic spending at those high levels across the distribution and transmission spending levels. You see a decline of 120 basis points at the OP margin level, down to 16.1%, and those facility consolidation costs and a little bit of price cost headwind, what Dave described, some of the price dynamics up creating the downward pressure there. Page 11 lay out our cash flow for you. You can see the increase in net income and a slight step-up in D&A, reflective of our acquisition efforts. But I think the story here is the working capital. You see the increased investment, order of magnitude of about $9 million there, really coming from the fact that our trade working capital, we did a very nice job, I think, of having inventory and payables finance receivables, essentially keeping those neutral. But some of the timing of our tax payments created other current liability use of cash, which shows that difference. And you see a little bit of pick-up in CapEx, which we like because that's reflective of efficiency that comes out of those CapEx payments. We get very good returns on all those projects requiring that capital. So you see a seasonally low quarter here of cash flow, but I think still fundamentally sound, and our year, on track with how we're planning our cash flow getting to our annual target of 1x net income. Page 12 illustrates the rolling trade working capital as a percentage of sales. You see the number being up slightly compared to the first quarter of '12, a sign of continued emphasis, on our management's part, particularly on inventory and payables more so than receivables. Page 13, our capital structure continues to show you a very liquid balance sheet, plenty of cash, especially debt relative to that being slightly positive actually, and a very supportive liquid balance sheet to be able to implement the investments plans that we've got. Dave describing an acquisition pipeline that we're eager to invest. So 14, let's start to look ahead a little bit, and Dave's going to conclude our outlook, but I'll give you a little bit of color on some of the markets and how that spreads towards different segments. Starting really in the northeast side of the pie, you see utility at low- to mid-single digits. That's not a change since we provided our outlook in January. And again, you saw kind of flat first quarter spending. But for us, the sequentials feel at a rather strong level of overall spending, and we're anticipating easier compares in the second half that will provide us those kind of growth rates. You see residential at 15%. We had that at 10%, and so adding 5 points based on the experience that we've had particularly in our Progress Lighting brand. I think it just so happens that, that slice of our pie is small enough that, that change just creates some rounding. It doesn't change the overall outlook. As Dave mentioned in his comments, non-res still remaining at an outlook of 1% to 3%. Some of the drivers there feeling better. ABI is starting to put some real positive trend together as a leading indicator that put in place numbers for the second half of the year maybe start to improve a little bit. Vacancy rates look down, and certainly, our historical relationship where resi growth helps drive non-res growth with a lag would suggest and gives us some belief that we'll start to see more improvement there over time. And you see quite a flat low growth industrial outlook. Again, we're focused not just on those levels but on the mix and hopefully, getting some of those industrial businesses and the margin that comes along with them back into line there. So overall, those markets give us a low-single digit expected organic growth rate. And as I turn to Page 15, you see how that spreads to our 2 segments, where now instead of organic, we're talking about sales growth of 4% to 6% at Power, inclusive of the acquisitions; 3% to 5% at Electrical; and the net for us, obviously, 3% to 5%. So I'm going to turn it back to Dave to give you the full color of our outlook.
David G. Nord: Okay. Thanks, Bill. So I'm on Page 16. So I think what you've heard is a lot of things going on in the first quarter but all contemplated in our expectations for the year. I think starting on the top line, we're still expecting that our top line sales growth will be 3% to 5% compared to last year, with about 2 points of that coming from trends -- the acquisitions that we've done during the course of 2012 and then what we've done so far this year. I'll say there's an upside to that for acquisitions that we closed this year, but we don't contemplate that in our guidance. I think 3 months ago, I would have said that, that felt that 3% to 5% was a lot more conservative, but I think the results of the first quarter and the level of activity suggest that the year didn't start any better than we have thought. So I think it might still have some conservatism, we hope, but not necessarily at the level that we had 3 months ago. And certainly, it's a more challenging period to try and forecast that, as we saw in the first quarter with tremendous volatility in our order patterns in January, when we talked about very strong orders and then flowing back off on February and coming back, but I think all driving to supporting our low-single digit organic growth. I think the other dynamic that we're faced in our forecasting besides the market volatility is a bit of a shift in our business from what was more heavily weighted toward project-related business over the last couple of years on the Power side, particularly on transmission, on the high voltage side and even some of the harsh and hazardous, to more short-cycle, short-term book-and-build business that we're looking at other metrics to make sure that we're having a basis to forecast. We're very comfortable with what we're doing but of course, those markets can always change. I think that flip side of that is, and I think Bill mentioned on our high voltage side, we've started to see that business start to book the orders that start to give us confidence on that side of the house for later this year and certainly, into 2014. And that provides some support. On the margin side, we're still expecting to improve margins by 40 basis points. Certainly, that's what we're targeting, although, as I mentioned earlier, the pricing environment is turning out to be a lot more challenging so that puts some additional pressure on that. But we do -- what we normally do is focus on the pricing, but also look at our productivity opportunities, and I think to some extent, that's why you're seeing some of the acceleration of the plant closings that we had contemplated. We usually try to do them on a more ratable basis during the year, but we work with Bill Foley and his team to try and accelerate some -- to try and develop those productivity cost savings earlier, certainly toward the end of this year and setting up for 2014. But it's also -- that margin is also based on what is clearly a second half bias volume pickup, that volume will be a big contributor to the incrementals. That can lead to that improvement, but still expecting and targeting that 40 basis points. Free cash flow. Still on track to deliver free cash flow equal to net income. And the tax rate in the -- for the year, still targeting at the 31.5%, which has contemplated in it the R&D tax credit for 2013, as well as the catch-up from 2012. So all of these continuing to provide the basis for our plans to continue to deliver strong results in 2013, following our strong results last year. So with that, I'll open it up -- turn it back to Jim and our moderator and open it up to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Christopher Glynn from Oppenheimer.
Christopher Glynn - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: Just on the facility consolidation, just was checking which segment the second quarter charge pertains to and if we should expect some more activity in the back half and then also from the first half activity, what kind of savings that should generate.
David G. Nord: Yes, Chris. The second facility is also in Power, it's the same enclosures business within Power segment. So it's kind of a couple of plant shifts and consolidation opportunity from a relatively recent acquisition that gave us the opportunity to move some of that volume into our existing footprint. And I think you should expect that, that would probably cover, I think, some of the chunkier activity that we expect for the year. And I think you should expect that returns that we get on this spending is pretty attractive for us.
Christopher Glynn - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: Okay. And on the non-res side, was -- the comment for new non-res improving, did that cover total non-res or are you isolating out part of the market? If we could just kind of tease out a little more into non-res.
David G. Nord: It certainly is built around the commercial side. And I think that's -- keep in mind that, that's growth off of really low levels, but we're looking for any signs. I think an overused term is the green shoots, but I think we view the growth in orders turning at least positive to be supportive of what we've said is going to be a low-single digit growth year, but starting on that path.
Christopher Glynn - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: And Dave, are you seeing that with larger high-quality projects? Is that an inflection there?
David G. Nord: Not really any particular bias in the market for us. It's really more broad-based.
Operator: Moving on, we'll hear from Rich Kwas from Wells Fargo Securities.
Richard Michael Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Dave, could you just touch on the order trends as the quarter went on? You provided some color -- some updated color, but just wanted to see how March ended for you and what you're seeing in early part of April. Back in January, you talked about the fourth quarter had weakened and then you saw that rally a bit in January. And so just wanted to get some more color, it seems -- because it seems like there's some mixed signals out there and just some update there would be helpful.
David G. Nord: Okay, sure. Yes, certainly, we saw, as we mentioned back on the fourth quarter call, a lot of volatility between December and January. And as I've been out with our distributor partners and other customers, I guess, I get some level of comfort. I'm amazed at how many people saw the same dynamic, almost exactly the same, the numbers are slightly different. And then they've sort of seen things the same way that we have where February kind of dropped back off to virtually flat and then starting to get back to in March. More consistent with what we expected overall, which is kind of the low-single digit. And I think that's -- as we've exited March into April, I think that's continued so -- which is certainly from our standpoint, much better to manage through a consistent, albeit low-single digit growth, but much more consistency. But again, as I've always said, I'm always cautious even in the month of April when you're less than halfway through the month to draw an absolute conclusion. But we're feeling better that there's a lot of green numbers along the way, if not big green numbers on our order chart, and hopefully, we can continue to build on that.
William R. Sperry: And Rich, I think, just building on some of that to give you a little more color. Our book-to-bill in the first quarter was above 1, and that's typical for us in the first quarter. So even as Dave's describing kind of inconsistent between the months, when you aggregate it up, it kind of behaved like the first quarter does. And as well, I think the first few weeks of April were showing an order pattern that's very consistent with how we are planning our year. So the pieces are a little variable, but they're sort of adding up to kind of where we were planning to be.
Richard Michael Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay, I hear you. That's helpful. And then as it relates to Harsh & Hazardous and the high voltage business, for high volt, you have some easing comparisons as you move through the rest of this year. I imagine the Harsh & Hazardous business is a lot stiffer in terms of the comps. So with the kind of the weakness you saw in the first quarter, it seems like high volt seem at least to get less worse here near term, potentially see some growth at the end of the year. But then how are you thinking about growth in Harsh & Hazardous -- or I should say performance in Harsh & Hazardous top line as the year moves forward?  [Technical Difficulty]
Richard Michael Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: I was just asking about high voltage and Harsh & Hazardous. The high voltage piece of the business faces easing comparisons as you move through the rest of the year, but Harsh & Hazardous I imagine is facing tougher comparisons. So any color on -- I imagine high volt get less worse. That's the expectation as the year goes on, maybe there's some growth at the end of the year. Harsh & Hazardous, those tougher comparison, given what happened in the first quarter, how are you thinking about the performance in both those businesses as we move through '13? [Technical Difficulty]
William R. Sperry: So Rich, I'm sorry you were in the middle of a question. I don't know if everybody's still on and somehow it went dead on our end, and we couldn't hear anything. We tried another phone, it didn't work.
David G. Nord: But Bill gave a very eloquent answer.
William R. Sperry: You guys could all hear us, but somehow we couldn't hear, so we just kept talking. But you asked about high voltage, and you're right that we really don't rely terribly much on market indicators or forecasts. We just use our order book. And as you pointed out, that order book is supporting some growth against some easy compares in the second half. And your question highlighted the fact that Harsh & Hazardous is a little bit harder because they had strengths, and that's true. But again, based on third-party data of rig count, as well as our operating folks' insights into the business, they actually still believe they can grow despite a soft first quarter, grow for the whole year. So that feels more like an anomaly in the quarter rather than some kind of secular shift in the Harsh & Hazardous business.
Richard Michael Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And then just a quick one on lighting. What was lighting in the quarter and then LED as a percentage of the total?
William R. Sperry: Yes, so we grew lighting at about 4%. Resi was obviously leading that growth. And LED for us continues to be kind of in the 20% range so that still continues to be a really good kind of revolutionizing technology that we think still has a lot of legs to keep growing.
Richard Michael Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Any pricing pressure on that front? One of your key competitors talked a little bit about pricing pressure a couple of weeks ago. Anything that you saw that is noticeable in the quarter on the LED front?
William R. Sperry: Yes, I think Dave gave a macro comment on pricing, and certainly, the lighting guys face it as much as anybody to the extent that they get bid kind of business.
David G. Nord: Yes, I mean, Rich, that -- I mean, pricing in most of our businesses is more challenging, I think, particularly in those businesses on the Power side where it's historically been tied around the commodity-based. But I think what we're seeing is while commodities have certainly moderated and most recently, have even come down more, there are certainly other material cost headwinds that we've got to deal with, particularly, for example, product coming out of China, where they're dealing with other cost inflation issues. On the lighting side, it's a little bit more difficult to try and sort through what is pure pricing on a comparable basis and what is pricing that's attributable to LED and the lower cost associated with that. So overall pricing levels can be down, but not necessarily in the case of LED, with a margin detriment. So that one's a little bit more of a challenge to even separate that. But clearly, there's pricing dynamics that aren't really positive on the lighting side.
Operator: We'll hear next from Steve Tusa from JP Morgan.
Charles Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Could you just maybe help us base-line kind of 2Q expectations? I mean, you talked about a lot of the volume and margin expansion being second half weighted. I guess, you gain a selling day in the second quarter. March is okay from a growth perspective. But maybe if you could just give us any kind of high-level commentary around maybe just saying the split for the year, first half, second half, just so we make sure that we're all base-lined for how that's going to progress.
David G. Nord: Right. I mean, I'll tell you broadly that our -- the strength in last year was really in the first half. So you still have some tough compares in the second quarter. But maybe Jim can take you through some of the more specific.
James Farrell: Yes, Steve, I would say a couple of things. First, you saw the charges that we signaled that will be in the Power segment in the second quarter, so you have those. And secondly, I think the industrial mix comment that we made on Q1 continues, maybe a little less pronounced in Q1, but we'll have a little bit more of that into the second quarter. So I would expect the first half to be down, and then I would expect the second half to be strong to get you to that 40.
Charles Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. Are the revenue dynamics, first to second quarter, kind of normal seasonality, like similar with what we saw in the last couple of years?
James Farrell: Yes. So I would say, again, that would be low-single digits first half, and then it strengthens in the second. The order pattern that the guys described in April is sort of increasing a little bit we reported to in the first quarter, that as that build to 4-ish in the second, somewhere in that range. We're starting to see visibility to that, which would suggest the second half is a lot higher.
Charles Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And then, I guess, just lastly on the Power side. You talked about kind of a tough comp and some of the projects still going nicely. I mean, do you think at this stage of the game you have enough visibility to talk about whether you can actually grow in that business in '14? And is there a risk of it being down in this economy? I'm just curious as to kind of maybe how you felt this year about the next year versus how you felt last year about the next year in that business on the T&B side?
William R. Sperry: The underlying dynamic, Steve, for us in Power, the predominating revenue stream continues to be distribution, which tends to have an MRO component to it and the economic viability of the networks depend on utilities really doing a good job of maintaining those networks. So with this, that simple kind of tailwind should be able to grow that business. In addition, some of that housing cycle here, as we get more home construction, that last mile hookup should help create some distribution more on the construction as opposed to the maintenance side. But I think you're starting to get at an interesting question, maybe more around some of those transmission projects. And as that activity, which is a smaller percentage of our whole, but from a very high level, it is -- I agree with you, it is hard to keep growing that. That said, the visibility we have for now suggest that it can -- into '14, it can continue to grow.
Charles Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And on the distribution front, is there -- I know you guys are a little bit different than kind of the bigger-ticket items like transformers, I mean, what do you think that would -- is there any kind of differences there? Or is it all kind of moving together?
William R. Sperry: No, I think there are very different drivers, right? I think the maintenance side of distribution, which you're right, is -- can be a very small piece parts that go onto those poles, that should be sort of a GDP kind of driver to it, as opposed to transmission, which should have more of a construction and project driver. I think that they are drivers, yes.
Charles Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And then one last question, just price cost in the second half. I mean, I don't know if you guys talked about this, I was on another call early on. How do you see that playing out in the second half of the year? Are you getting any relief as commodity costs pull back here?
David G. Nord: We're not expecting that, and as I mentioned, pricing has been more challenging with a slow growth. And while the good news is that you've got some more commodity -- continued commodity moderation, customers are quick to recognize that. They'd like to get some of that back. So we're fighting to -- obviously, price cost was favorable. We had a lot of tailwind last year, following some challenges in the prior year, and that's the volatility we're looking for this year to be relatively neutral on the price cost side.
Charles Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Do you think there's balanced risks around price being down at some point over the next 1.5 years, 2 years?
David G. Nord: I guess price could be down, but we're not -- I think as I mentioned, I think there's other inflationary pressures that we need to deal with, particularly as I've talked about in the past, employee-related costs, specifically health care costs that aren't going to go away. You've had spikes from time to time in energy cost, and all those things have to be dealt with. We continue to try and offset them with productivity. But some of those are coming our way in some of our purchased materials and with price increases on the other side. So I think that's how it plays out.
Operator: And we'll go next to Nicole DeBlase from Morgan Stanley.
Nicole DeBlase - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: So we talked a little bit about order trends within March and April, but I'm curious specifically on how that looked within Harsh & Hazardous. Have you seen any evidence that, that business is starting to improve?
William R. Sperry: Not yet, Nicole. We would expect that to be, again, second half.
Nicole DeBlase - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay, got it. And then can you talk a little bit within non-resi, how is the retrofit versus new construction growth?
David G. Nord: The retrofit is -- continues to be a good market for us. We -- there's growth in that business. I think our business tends to be, and others may as well, but certainly ours is very project-oriented, national-account-oriented, so it can be more volatile. It's not a ratable business. So if you've got -- we have a national account that had a major retrofit effort last year, and they're tailing back on that, so you're going to have periods from time to time that are up and down. So ours was not up in a big way this quarter, but we still think that's a good market and we're very well positioned in that market.
Nicole DeBlase - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay, that's fair. And then on pricing, was pricing actually down this quarter in either of your businesses or is it just looking more flattish?
David G. Nord: I'd say generally flattish.
Operator: And we'll hear next from Mike Wood from Macquarie Capital.
Mike Wood - Macquarie Research: Could you give a sense of the lead times on the new non-res construction-related orders? And you hadn't yet quantified the actual growth rate that you're seeing in the first quarter, that would be very helpful.
David G. Nord: Well, I mean, the growth rate, the implied growth rate is just better than 0. It's in very low-single digits, so it really is the early indications of turning to positive from negative. So I don't want to overstate how excited we are other than we like it being positive. And the lead times of some of the project-oriented are consistent with how they've been in the past, I mean, some of those can be 3, 6, 9 months, depends really on the project.
Mike Wood - Macquarie Research: Okay. And also can you talk about some of the main hurdles that you're facing in closing some of the deals that you currently have in your M&A pipeline, whether or not the current low growth environment is actually helping or hurting you getting some of these deals closed?
William R. Sperry: It's hard for me to attribute, Mike, any of the dynamics in our pipeline to the markets. But as Dave pointed out, we have been investing some people in this effort. We've been putting more time into it. And if you were to gauge our pipeline right now, we'd say it's a little bit stronger than it's been for a year or so. So I don't know if I can correlate that to any situation in the market or to the fact that we're putting some resources into it. But all that really matters to us is that we're finding some really compelling strategic fits out there at good valuations that we think will be able to allow us to strengthen the strategic position of our portfolio of brands, become more important to our customers and be able to add value to those things that we buy and create shareholder value out of it. So we are feeling good about that level of activity that we're seeing.
Operator: Moving on, we'll hear from Noelle Dilts from Stifel.
Noelle C. Dilts - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: I just had a -- first, had a clarification question. You continue to expect 40 basis points of operating margin expansion for the year, and I'm just wondering if -- when you initially gave that guidance -- you're now expecting this headwind from the plant consolidation. Were you kind of anticipating that when you initially gave the guidance or is something now incrementally better to help offset that headwind?
William R. Sperry: Yes, Noelle, nothing has changed from our original January guidance. The consolidation costs were contemplated in our full year guidance. We just were unsure of the exact timing of when those would come through.
Noelle C. Dilts - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay, perfect. That's helpful. And then you've discussed this a bit, but is there -- could you give us more detail on some of the price cost pressures in Power? Can you kind of parse that out between what you're seeing in distribution versus transmission and then the international business?
William R. Sperry: Yes. It's difficult to parse it between those segments. I think that we had been -- had a pretty aggressive year last year in pulling price. As you remember, we were sort of making up for some headwind we had in '11. And I think we were efficient at getting price back in '12. And I think we're finding ourselves to be at an interesting resistance point and elasticity point there, which is what Dave's referring to. And the cost side for them, their raws are in a very benign environment, but some of the componentry that the Power Systems group utilizes, I think for some of the reasons Dave was highlighting on the personnel side, et cetera, get some upward cost pressure. So that creates an interesting dynamic I think on if it's a big, large transmission project, you can get a reasonably competitive bid going, and you're describing some of the international business parse outs. They, too, are involved in bids and projects, so it's a competitive segment for sure.
Operator: And our final question will come from Brent Thielman from D.A. Davidson.
Brent Thielman - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Bill, would you happen to be able to provide organic growth for Electrical without the high volt -- more volatile high voltage business?
William R. Sperry: Well, so they had -- you saw that they had the contribution from deals in the 3% kind of range. And high volt was down double digits. So you can figure out, I guess, what it was x that. I don't know, Jim, if there's...
James Farrell: It would have been up slightly, Brent. I mean, nothing...
Brent Thielman - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: That's helpful, just looking for rough numbers there. And your second half expectations, you mentioned high voltage business will see lower demand, but you're seeing some uptick in orders this quarter. Do you think you're taking a conservative stance in regard to deliveries there, such that there might be potential -- we could see some of that show up in second half? Or is that out of the question just sort of based on typical lead times there?
David G. Nord: For the most part, I never want to say it's out of the question, but those schedules are usually pretty fixed. I mean, there's -- the amount of movement would not be material to our level of activity certainly for this year.
Operator: And that does conclude our Q&A session today. Gentlemen, I'll turn the conference back over to you for any additional or closing remarks.
William R. Sperry: First of all, thanks, everybody, for putting up with our technical difficulty and hanging on the call. Appreciate that.
James Farrell: Yes, as Bill said, thanks for hanging in there and joining us today. Certainly, I'm available if anyone has any follow-up questions that you'd like to follow up on. And we'll talk to you soon. Thanks very much.
Operator: And that does conclude our conference today. Thank you, all, for your participation.

===== 2012 Q4  (2013-01-24 10:00:00) =====
Executives:  Jim Farrell - Director, IR Tim Powers - Chairman & CEO Dave Nord - President & COO Bill Sperry - SVP & CFO
Analysts:  Christopher Glynn  Oppenheimer Rich Kwas  Wells Fargo Securities Nicole DeBlase - Morgan Stanley Drew Pearson  JP Morgan Mike Wood - Macquarie Capital Brent Gilman  D.A. Davidson Noelle Dilts - Stifel Nicolaus 
Operator: 
Operator:  Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Hubbell Incorporated fourth quarter 2012 earnings conference call. Todays conference is being recorded. (Operator Instructions) At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Jim Farrell. Please go ahead, Sir.
Jim Farrell  Director IR:  Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. I'm joined today by our Chairman of the Board, Tim Powers, our President and Chief Executive Officer, Dave Nord, and our Chief Financial Officer, Bill Sperry.  Hubbell announced its' fourth quarter results for 2012 this morning. The press release and earnings slide materials have been posted to the investor section of our website at www.hubbell.com.  Please note that our comments this morning may include statements related to the expected future results of our company and are therefore forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Therefore, please note the discussion of forward-looking statements in our press release in considering incorporated by reference into this call.  In addition, comments made here also include some non-GAAP financial measures. Those measures have been reconciled to comparable GAAP measures and are included in the press release in the earnings slide materials.  And now with that, let me turn the call over to Tim.
Tim Powers  Chairman, CEO:  Thank you, Jim.  I'd like to frame a little bit the year of 2012. I think it represents in a little bit of an economy that got softer as the year ended, very strong and improving performance of Hubbell overall.  While December was slightly below what we anticipated and therefore our top line in the fourth quarter was a few points lower than we thought, overall the year was an excellent year. And as you can see in the fourth quarter, our cash flow got us to equal to net income just as we have done for many years.  Also, we concluded an acquisition in January and the pace of those acquisitions has quickened in the recent past. And we're pleased with the steady progress we've made over the last few years and committed to continue that improved performance into the future.  And with that, I'll turn it over to Dave for his comments.
Dave Nord:  Okay, great, thanks, Tim. Good morning, everybody.  Let me just give you some perspective, my perspective on certainly the fourth quarter and the year. And I agree with Tim. It's a very good performance for the year, although it's a year that I can say I'm happy it's behind us because we saw a tremendous amount of volatility that we were able to successfully navigate, but would rather have a little less volatility.  I've been asked how I would characterize the year and I say it's a good year. It was a really good year. It started as a great year you'll recall. We had a very strong start. But we knew things would slow, or at least we expected they would slow in the second half and that turned out to be the case with a lot of ups and downs along the way. But we're very pleased that we were able to navigate that and actually improve our margins more than we had anticipated.  The fourth quarter was particularly challenging with a lot of volatility. We expected things to slow, but certainly not to the depth that we experienced principally in the month of December. And there's a lot of contributing factors to that; some of it based on experience, some of it based on conversations, some of it's just anecdotal. But we've said in the past that the fourth quarter is always a little challenging to predict because of the volatility that can exist in the channel and buying behaviors. And so we experienced some of that.  We also experienced, certainly, some disruption in markets caused by super storm Sandy. On the one hand, a very positive contributor to power in sales to support those efforts. But at the same time, the magnitude of that work took away some of the activity from other utility-related businesses and so it wasnt all incremental. I think we also saw in the utility space some of the early spending because of the warm weather in the year exhausted some of the budgets earlier on and so we had much slower spending on order rates in the month of December. And so a lot of factors that go into that, but the good news from my perspective is it clearly was a unique phenomenon in the month of December because as we look at our activity through the first several weeks of January, the orders have snapped back from what were down double digits to up double digits. And so clearly indicative of what we suspected, which was a unique phenomenon.  I spent a lot of time over the last week or two out in the market with our channel partners, some of our customers and they've pretty much confirmed what we experienced, and to a large extent, what we're expecting for this year. And we'll talk about this year, 2013's work a little later.  A couple of other highlights that we saw, we spoke on the last call about an acquisition that we did in power systems, Trinetics, in October, so early in the quarter. And then during the quarter, we were working on a number of other transactions. And most recently, we closed on an acquisition for our electrical segment, Continental Industries, an additional grounding business, purchased price, just around $38 million, just slightly above equal to one-time sales. So a nice addition to that portfolio and we expect it will be a good contributor just like Burndy.  Now I think some of the other things that we navigated through in the fourth quarter, we talked about Sandy. And Sandy, while it was positive for parts of our business, it certainly put a damper on activity in other parts of the markets. We were fortunate none of our employees were directly impacted, but if you live anywhere near the coast, you know that the impact was significant and it doesnt get reported as much now, but there's a lot of activity that has to occur to bring all of that back, which actually could bode well for us in '13.  I think the other thing I would note, and this is more of a Hubbell issue, is you're all familiar with the tragedy that occurred in Newtown, and you may be aware that we have a facility, a manufacturing facility there, which has over 250 people. We also have a number of executives and employees. We were fortunate that none of our employees had a direct impact. But clearly, you didnt have to go far to have an impact because of the magnitude of the impact of the community. And so we've spent a lot of time with all our folks in Connecticut making sure that we're providing support to that group. So that was two big events outside of the norm for us that we worked through in the fourth quarter.  And lastly, one of the things that on very positive note, we had a summit of our top 75 leaders in the organization back in November to really start to think, to work through what is it that we're going to do to make sure that we keep the success going forward. We know we focused over the last five years clearly on price cost productivity, making sure that we're focusing on margin and we're going to continue to do that. But there's other elements that we're going to focus on and I'll share more details on that when we meet at the end of February.  So all and all, a good year, a good finish. And we're looking forward to going forward. So with that, let me turn it over to Bill to give you a little more details on the fourth quarter.
Bill Sperry  SVP, CFO:  Thanks, Dave. Good morning, everybody.  I'm going to be referring to the slides that Jim referred to that you hopefully found on our website and I'll be using the page numbers to help guide our discussion this morning.  I'm on page three. And given all the volatility that Dave referred to in the fourth quarter, I think we're pleased that we turned in performance that was consistent with the guidance that we gave you on our third quarter call. Net sales, up 2% with the markets being essentially neutral and acquisitions providing the volume. Operating margins up 14.7% and a dividend increase in December.  On page four, let's dig in a little bit to the sales growth and some of the granularity of the markets here. You can see a lot of mixed signals here, arrows going in the opposite direction. Non-residential area, our biggest market, we still are struggling with new construction spending being down slightly. But there were some very bright spots, particularly the relight area, which continued to have double-digit growth and a very bright LED story where our lighting platform had over 20% adoption rate in the quarter from this new technology.  On the industrial side, again a lot of mixed signals. We had the energy markets, which really drive our harsh and hazardous business being up double digits versus the census date on manufacturing production showing a fairly flat quarter and a high voltage test equipment business being down quite sharply in the fourth quarter. We'll talk about some of the mixed effects that that drove when we get to some of the segment information.  Overall, the utility business was flat for us. And while transmission was up a little bit, Dave commented on Sandy and there was thoughts I think that that would be incremental volume and it turned out to be actual required to stay flat. And I think what we saw on the utility side was the fact that all the crews and linemen that came to the Northeast to do the repair work, that entailed a certain degree of cannibalization of the spending. And Dave mentioned the second effect, which was, I think, part of warm weather that we had last winter pulled forward quite a bit of the utility spending and so we saw a very front-end loaded spending year on the utility side that was as expected level wise, just front-end loaded.  And the fourth market of residential again double-digit growth for us on the housing sides. So we're starting to feel a lot better than that recovery is kicking in pretty nicely.  So all of that added up to quite a neutral market picture and the 2% growth coming from acquisitions. I'll give you a little bit of color. Dave described our newest deal of Continental, but that was closed in January. The deals contributing incrementally to the fourth quarter of '12, there were five different investments. One, a fire pump business, another, an industrial control business a weatherproof and closure business, a harsh and hazardous business. Those four, all in electrical segment and rounding out important SKU breadths across the platform. And then Dave did mention Trinetics Utility business that provides capacitor switches that helps improve the power quality in the distribution grid. So a lot of interesting acquisition activity contributing to that 2% growth and Tim commented our focus there and our desire to continue doing that.  Page five, you see impressive growth at the gross margin line, 130 basis points, really driven by price and commodity cost adding about a point of that 130. On the S&A side, you saw a 10% increase in the spending there driven by pension benefit costs and also a gain in the prior year that made for an unfavorable comparison.  Page six, at the operating profit line, you see very flattish LP dollars, a decline of 10 basis points at the margin line. Again, the drivers; gross margin, up 130, S&A, 140 for a net of 10 and we'll talk about some of the mix considerations when we get to the segments on how LP was driven.  I'm on page seven, other expense, up about half a million. The tax rate was significant in the fourth quarter giving us 220 basis points of tailwind, some adjustments made in the fourth quarter as well as offset a little bit by the fact that we did not have R&D this year. And we'll talk as we get to the full year as Dave gives the outlook of the impact that R&D will have next year. Page eight, net income, you see up 3%, which is really a flattish OP contribution and helpful tax rates. The share count between fourth quarter last year and this year was quite consistent, so similar 3% rise in earnings per share.  Let's push now down into the segments and try to add a little granularity to the picture. I'm on page nine. And again, at the markets, you see were neutral with the acquisitions providing the incremental growth. The industrial side, you had a sharply down high-voltage business, but on the other hand, harsh and hazardous being up very strong. On the non-res side, we had the new construction side weaker, but the relight being strong. Resi was a good story particularly for our lighting business and then the acquisitions.  So at the operating profit margin line, you see 130 basis point decline in the quarter and that's where the high voltage test equipment product mix, where you can really see that. They had pretty steep declines. They are high margin contributors so the loss of that volume is seen pretty pronouncedly in the quarter. And the other contributor being that the deal volume itself coming in still takes a couple of quarters to burn off some of the acquisition accounting and so they tend not to be additive to margins early. And so you see that mix effect in the quarter for electrical.  On the power side for the quarter, similar profile to electrical where the markets were neutral and the acquisitions drove the growth. I think we've talked about the storms and how they were needed to stay flat rather than be incremental. And at the operating profit line, you see the significant increase in OP up to 18.4% driven by productivity in price being in excess of the cost increases. And I think you really see some of the dynamics of the power segment business here. It's a high margin business. It's driven in part by very efficient S&A model and therefore, COGs tend to be a more significant part of the sales. And so it's quite sensitive to price cost dynamics. And I think over the last several years, we've given you some pretty lumpy quarters. But when we get to the year here, I think we'll be able to show you we're at high teens levels, which is where we thought this business should be on a steady state basis.  On page 11, cash flow, a couple items to comment on. First is the change in working capital. In the fourth quarter of last year, we had two tax payments made, both the third and fourth quarter payment versus just the fourth this year; that drove the entire difference in working capital. And at the other line, that difference was driven by the timing of our pension plan funding, both years, we contributed $20 million. But in 2011, we put that all in the fourth quarter, 2012, we spread it across the first three quarters in an effort to get more return out of that contribution. So that drives the difference in the other. It's also worth commenting, the CapEx line and we'll talk about it also at the full year level, but very important for us to continue to keep investing that capital and maintaining our productivity initiatives to offset inflation. So watching the CapEx grow is encouraging for us.  Let's switch now on page 12 to the full year. And again, this performance is consistent with where we got it everyone on our third quarter call, namely 6% growth with 70 basis points of margin expansion. I think if you went back through the progression of the year, probably we thought volume could have gotten a little better when we were towards the halfway point of the year but the margins exceeded our expectation and so we got to where we expected I think at the net income line. So I agree with Dave's characterization, a very good year. Page 13, we'll push down to the electrical segments of the full year. See 6% sales growth. Similar mixed dynamics; high voltage being down but the harsh and hazardous, higher energy markets being up. Resi strong, not just in fourth quarter, but for the full year and the renovation and re-light dynamic aiding the non-res softness.  OP margins, up by 30 basis points to 14.4%, price cost really being the big driver overcoming some of the unfavorable product mix from high voltage being down.  On the power side, you see 7% growth for the full year. And again, I think that does a good job of illustrating the shape of the year. We were up on the mid-teen area at the halfway point. And so you saw that the bulk of that spending was really pulled into the front half of the year. We saw distribution spending up towards the mid-single digits this year. Transmission spending up even stronger than that. So good solid year for power. And again you see at the operating profit line to 18.1%, 180 basis point improvement, price cost and productivity really helping drive that. On the productivity, I think power has been in an area where we have been spending our capital and do see the productivity benefits here. And again as I said, that 18.1% performance, very consistent with the high-teens expectations I think we've been driving your attention to.  For the full-year cash flow, we generated $300 million of free cash flow. First and foremost, that hits our target of one times net income. Secondly, Ill draw your attention to the CapEx line. That $55 million last year included $13 million that we invested in a building, so I more consider that to be comparable $42 million, so good-solid increase in the amount of capital were putting into our productivity initiatives and should be a good positive as we go forward.  I think on the working capital line you see an increase in usage that is perhaps a little bit larger than our sales increase would suggest. Some of thats driven by the acquisition activity, but I would also say there is a healthy retention rate now in the business in a place like Power Systems where youve got storm demand and a big part of our value proposition is serving those utilities with inventory on had to get their customers up and running as quickly as possible. And so theres a fight between inventory and a need to keep working capital. as efficient as possible.  On page 16, we like to show the trade working capital progression over the past six quarters. And I think you see the typical seasonal decline between the third and fourth quarter. We're a little bit higher than last year. But we've been liking to stay below that 18% target level. So we feel good about that at the trade working capital level.  On the balance sheet on page 17, 26% debt-to-capital ratio. And as you can see, plenty of liquidity to support the investing that we hope to be doing over the next few years.  So with that, I'm going to turn it back to Dave to give you more of a forward-looking outlook.
Dave Nord  President, CEO:  Okay, thanks, Bill. Let's turn to this year in 2013 and how we see this as we sit here today.  I'm on page 18. I think the good news of the starting point is that we see all of our end-markets overall growing generally with modest growth, although some very bring spots. And just going around the horn, the utility business, the end markets, we see growing 2% to 4% with modest maintenance and repair growth on the distribution side. And continued high level of activity on the transmission side. But the year-over-year growth rate is not at the same level because we've had such tremendous growth there.  The residential business, certainly up 10%. And I would say that there's based on reports that continue to come out, more likely upside on that 10%. But having navigated through the environment that we have over the last few years, we err on the side of caution. But we'll expect to drive that better.  Non-residential, there's still some remaining challenges on the non-residential construction if you're new construction side at least early on. I think we agree with most third party reports that indicate that the second half will be up. And I think there's even some indications now. I think the ABI is still holding above 50. I think there was a report from McGraw Hill recently that showed contract awards in December spiked alive. We like that by six to twelve months, so that could be further evidence of a better recovery in the second half. And on the industrial side, flat to up slightly, 2%. Certainly still positive results on the factory utilization and on the energy sector. But one of the things that continues to challenge us is on our high voltage test equipment. We have thought that would be down. It ended up the downturn came later. And the recovery seems to be coming later although we see signs of that bottoming by the middle of this year and starting to recover in the second half. So overall, modest growth in all of our markets.  We turn to how that plays out for our segments on the power side, which is just under 30% of our business. We think the sales growth there will be 4% to 6%. Two points of that coming from the acquisition activity that we did last year.  And on the electrical side, 3% to 5% growth with the slower recovery on non-residential, but with a good residential market and industrial mix. So we think that 3% to 5% right now, it is a good starting point. We see 2013 being the complete opposite of 2012 where 2012 started strong and finished weak. And we were cautious then because we thought it might finish weak. But it was hard to really call that when things were so good in the first half. I think we have the inverse of that where we're cautious about the opportunities this year because we're more biased towards the second half of the year. Although early indications say that the first half could be a little bit better. But as I've said and you've heard me say many times, I can't draw a conclusion based on one or two months of activity, let alone two or three weeks. But certainly, the signs if they continue would be positive. On the margin side, we're still working on improving our margins. We're expecting our margins to increase approximately 40 basis points. One of the things that we're dealing with in our ongoing efforts is the acquisitions certainly in the near term are not accretive to those margins. They have potential. Our strategy is to buy businesses that we think we could get to at or above. But they're rarely at or above at acquisition. So that puts a little bit of pressure on.  We are assuming that pricing is going to offset any commodity cost increases in the year. I think we were successful. And as Bill talked about, successful in 2102 in holding price and having some positive impact from price. I think the environment this year will be a little bit more challenging there. But at the same time, I think we're well positioned with ongoing productivity actions and hopefully some more moderating of other inflationary cost pressures that we dealt with in 2013.  And our free cash flow, expected to equal net income, which will give us ongoing opportunities for redeployment of our capital in returns to shareholders particularly on our dividends. As well as investing in the business and we have a lot of projects on the board for improving our productivity as well as our acquisitions.  And then the tax rate that we're assuming is 31.5%, that has the benefit of the R&D tax legislation that reinstated R&D. But actually, last year's benefit also gets recognized this year. So that's in the 31.5%.  So we're anticipating another strong year this year. Although we have been and we continue to be conservative and cautious in our estimates. I neglected to mention the one other event in the fourth quarter, which was the announcement of the transition. And so when it comes to establishing our outlook for 2013, Tim has reminded me and our board has reminded me and I'm sure you all will remind me that it's on me. So I'm going to try to be a little cautious until we have better visibilities.  So looking ahead, we'll provide some more detail for sure at the end of February on our outlook. We'll have another six weeks of activity. So we'll have a better feel for how the year is starting and maybe other insights to the rest of the year.  And the other thing that I would offer is as I've been going around spending time in our operations, I've had the opportunity to work even closer with a lot of our management team. We have some very talented managers and leaders in our organization. I'm going to take the opportunity at the investor meeting at the end of February to start to introduce you all to some of those folks and I'm going to try to do that continually over the next several years.  With that, let me turn it back over to Jim and we can field some questions. 
Operator:  (Operator instructions). Your first question will come from Christopher Glynn with Oppenheimer.
Christopher Glynn  Oppenheimer: Thanks, good morning. Just on the orders  sounding pretty good in January, is both segments participating in that?
Dave Nord  President, CEO:  Yes, Chris, thats really  its really broad based other than the high voltage and some of the industrial sector, but really all of our businesses are up in January so far. But again, thats, you know, three weeks into the year, so a little cautious, but I like the trend so far.
Christopher Glynn  Oppenheimer: Great, and would you characterize that  would some of the cautions stem from maybe characterizing part of that as just exhaling after kind of project referrals in December?
Dave Nord  President, CEO:  Yes, certainly  I mean, that is  the magnitude of the weakness, you know, in the last couple weeks, we had the situation before with I think some of the things are unique, theres a lot of uncertainty weve talked about around the election and fiscal cliff, and I think that had an impact, and Ive heard that from customers on buying habits, but its difficult to quantify any of the things individually, but collectively it was very concerning. So, just being a little bit cautious coming out, but I  theres early indicators that it should be a positive year. 
Christopher Glynn  Oppenheimer:  Okay, and sticking with the tough to quantify, when we look at Sandy, were you trying to say that was really a net neutral, that if you had a 6% help from, you know, the East Coast there, that that was probably the draw from the rest of the distribution business?
Dave Nord  President, CEO:  I dont know that I would  I mean, certainly on the report of results its net neutral, Im not sure that in absolute terms it was net neutral because there are some incremental volume that comes from that, but I think it was offset by what was exhausted budget, and the other to some extent  I was with a group with utility executives with both invest their own, and some of the contractor support guys a couple of weeks after Sandy, I can tell you their entire focus was on managing their activities to support the efforts in New York and New Jersey  I mean, absolutely 100%. So, I think a lot of resources got redirected for a period of time, and I dont think all of that can get caught back up in a quarter  certainly not on the parts side  I mean, on the, you know, labor side, they might have had a lot more incremental. On the parts side, you know, they werent doing other stuff for us. So, I think  but thats where its difficult to quantify what the net impact is. Yes?
Christopher Glynn  Oppenheimer:  Got it, and then just on lighting, you mentioned 20% adoption in LED  was that  is that the mix of your lighting business now? Thats LED?
Bill Sperry  SVP, CFO:  Chris, for the year, it was 17%, for the quarter it was 20.
Christopher Glynn  Oppenheimer: Okay, and in the florescent side of retrofit, is that still active, or is kind of the relighting where most of the LED cannibalization is? 
Dave Nord  President, CEO:  No, it is still in part of the relight and retrofit, theyre still energy efficiency and application because there is a cost element there.
Christopher Glynn  Oppenheimer: Got it, okay, thank you.
Operator:  And moving on, next well hear from Rich Kwas with Wells Fargo Security.
Rich Kwas - Wells Fargo Security: Hi, good morning everyone.
Dave Nord  President, CEO:  Good morning, Rich.
Rich Kwas - Wells Fargo Security:  Question on distributions, so, down in the quarter  Dave or Bill, have you seen any of the benefit from the housing starts activities, because I know through third quarter you really hadnt seen anything, and I imagine in fourth quarter you didnt see much either, but whats within  whats kind of baked into the outlook for power from that piece of the business for 13?
Bill Sperry  SVP, CFO:  Yes, you know, Rich, we havent seen much effect, and the majority of the distribution side of our utility business has a  is really driven off of maintenance and repair which for us has sort of a GDP kind of like feel, so when Dave was walking through that piece of the pie, you know, the D is driven in large part by the maintenance, but I think youre suggesting that single family housing will need hook ups, and we agree with that.
Rich Kwas - Wells Fargo Security:  Okay, but it sounds like you dont have that much factored in for the 13 outlook from the contribution.
Bill Sperry  SVP, CFO:  I would say not much, but youre directional point we agree with.
Rich Kwas - Wells Fargo Security:  Okay, okay, and then on the high volt stuff, you know, that  I know earlier in the year you said the orders were down, but then they may be looking to stabilize some time later in 12, which really didnt happen  whats your sense for right now what youre seeing in terms of activity projects that have been pushed out? Are you seeing any loosening on that front?
Bill Sperry  SVP, CFO:  Yes, I think that you are right to say that we hoped that the bottom would be 12, and now it feels like the bottom is 13, and you know, the compares for them get easier, but the last three quarters of the year versus the first, for example, but you know, this larger capital, intensive kind of spending I think was the most sensitive across all of our business portfolio, and these decisions seem to be deferred the most. So, were hoping that we sort of sludge through 13 and bottom in this business, and that, but we are still very  our outlook in the medium terms is for a very positive growth rate for the business. 
Rich Kwas - Wells Fargo Security:  All right, okay, and then this last one for me on a lighting piece, so this year, non-res, you know, very slight growth expectations, and once you get into kind of a good run rate in terms of non-residential construction spending, that obviously helps the lighting business. Whats kind of the out growth that you would expect apart from just the [inaudible] up turn from non-residential with relighting activity, and what have you seen over the last couple of years, because clearly the lighting business has held in a lot better versus the spending numbers  just trying to get a sense for what the relight activity in terms of additional benefit could occur once we get into the turn upward in the non-residential side?
Bill Sperry  SVP, CFO:  Yes, I think what were hoping, Rich, is that relight trend is actually independent of the new construction cycle. So, our sense is that were still in the reasonably early innings of the relight trend, so the fact that weve been doing double digits there, you know, were hoping that that can continue even if new constructions starts to feel some rebound, we hope that it doesnt rob, you know, away from the relay trend at all. 
Rich Kwas  Wells Fargo Securities: Okay. Thank you.  Part 2
Operator:  (Operator Instructions). Your next question will come from Nicole DeBlase of Morgan Stanley. 
Nicole DeBlase - Morgan Stanley: Yeah, good morning, guys. 
Dave Nord  President, COO:  Good morning. 
Nicole DeBlase - Morgan Stanley: I want to start with free cash flow allocation. I noticed when you guys were talking about it you spoke about M&A, you spoke about the dividend, but you did not mention share repurchase. Can you talk a little bit about the potential for a pickup in share repurchase activity in 2013? 
Bill Sperry  SVP, CFO:  I think, Nicole, its a good question. You know, we continually are evaluating the best uses of our cash. I think, you know, our paradigm continues to go down the waterfall where CapEx to us is kind of the first priority. We really think that were getting excellent returns from a productivity perspective on the capital that were putting out there. Our dividend to us is kind of the second order. Wed like to be a responsible increaser of that as our net income structurally increases. Were hoping to provide that to our shareholders in terms of kind of a steadily increasing return from there. And acquisitions and share repurchases then come next, in that order.  So I think depending on how robust the pipeline is versus not will dictate the degree to which share repurchase versus acquisitions, you know, happen. But weve got to look at both of those levers, I think, as were moving forward here. 
Nicole DeBlase - Morgan Stanley: Okay, got it. And since you brought it up, can you just comment on the M&A pipeline, how that looks right now? 
Bill Sperry  SVP, CFO:  Yeah, if you ask me to comment on it, its never robust enough. I know youre laughing, but its  yeah, were very busy, Tim and Dave both commented on kind of last  weve got seven deals over really the last 15 months or so. Thats a nice pace. I hope that we can continue doing that pace, but also it would be great if we could add maybe some larger things. The pace, those last seven have been the very typical, you know, smaller sized, Hubbell tuck-in kind of sized deals. You know, weve got - as we commented on our balance sheet page, weve got the liquidity to support some good investing there. 
Nicole DeBlase - Morgan Stanley: Okay, got it. And then if I could just squeeze one more in. If you could parse out the 40 basis points of operating margin expansion that you guys expect in 2013, it sounds to me like the bulk of thats coming from volume leverage and productivity rather than price cost. But if you could just talk about the puts and takes, that would be helpful. 
Dave Nord  President, COO:  I think youve got it exactly right. 
Nicole DeBlase - Morgan Stanley: Thank you. 
Dave Nord  President, COO:  We need volume  we need the volume to get there, yep. 
Operator: And from JP Morgan, well go to Drew Pearson. 
Drew Pearson  JP Morgan: Hi, good morning. 
Dave Nord  President, COO:  Good morning, Drew. 
Drew Pearson  JP Morgan: So just at a very basic level, I just want to make sure I understand the revenue guidance. I think youre guiding to basically two to four on the end market growth. Presumably, theres a little bit of positive prices, maybe 50 bps, perhaps you can comment on that. And when I add that up, I get, you know, in organic growth, thats probably a little north of 3 at the midpoint whereas if Im reading your revenue guidance correctly, it looks like youre doing 1 to 3 organic embedded in that 3 to 5. So just maybe check my math and just talk about relating the end market, where you see your organic revenue. 
Bill Sperry  SVP, CFO:  Yeah, no, I think thats right, Drew. Were looking at, right now, 1 to 3 of organic with 2 for acquisitions, and those are closed acquisitions, were not contemplating any, you know, volume increases that would come from additional acquisitions but certainly that would be additive. And I think that is, you know, acknowledge that, you know, we hope that turns out to be a conservative estimate, the 1 to 3. 
Drew Pearson  JP Morgan: Okay, thats helpful. And then just
Dave Nord  President, COO:  [Inaudible] that price cost is a very benign environment for 13 based on our expectations. 
Drew Pearson  JP Morgan: Okay, thats helpful. And then just back to the balance sheet, I mean, have you, you know, your remainder in net cash position, obviously you want to prioritize the cash reported as you talked about, but as you think about sort of a longer-term target, I mean, is a net cash position in the longer term a sustainable target as you sort of continue at the current pace of [inaudible] deals? At what point do you consider moving to maybe a more sustainable long-term capital structure? 
Tim Powers  Chairman, CEO:  Well, I think, Drew, that its  it would be fair to describe our objectives as having a conservative balance sheet. We like to be able to have liquidity on hand to support our investments and weve enjoyed a nice conservative balance sheet that has served us well in times of cyclicality. And so I would expect  I dont know that Im going to define that for you in terms of debt to capital or net to cash or whatever, but I think you should expect from Hubbell a conservative balance sheet. 
Drew Pearson  JP Morgan: All right. Thanks very much. 
Operator: From Macquarie, well go to Mike Wood. 
Mike Wood - Macquarie Capital: Hi. Your organic growth forecast does look conservative, but I was curious about the power outlook specifically. Most utility companies that do give CapEx guidance has forecasted declining capital spending for 2013, so can you elaborate for that segment whether your performance is based on exposure to OpEx versus CapEx or a particular high-growth area that you have exposure to or content or price? 
Bill Sperry  SVP, CFO:  Mike, I think your first point is the one Id remind you of how much of our power revenues are really driven off of maintenance and repair, which come out of the operating line, not the capital line. 
Mike Wood - Macquarie Capital: Okay, got it. And the high-voltage test equipment, you mentioned some order activity in January for that business specifically. I understand that theres a fairly long lead time. Are you seeing any type of activity early on that would give you some encouragement for back half of the year acceleration or into 2014? 
Dave Nord  President, COO:  No, what weve seen actually is not what you said, but rather that the first quarter of 11 was actually the strongest year for them. So our compares are actually the most challenging. And I think what dad was saying is, we think that will be bottoming by the middle of the year. So youre right that the lead times are long. Theres certainly lots of activity in quoting that they see, but a lot of that has been pushed out and delayed and deferred. So that part is hard for us to pin down for you, but youre right to say its long lead time visibility that weve got through the half year suggests that its going to be challenging compares to last year. 
Tim Powers  Chairman, CEO:  Yes, Mike, its really the level of activity around project discussion and project bidding that gives an indication that things will start to bottom, its just the timing of when those start to get, you know, converted into orders and they really step up. 
Mike Wood - Macquarie Capital: Okay, thank you. 
Operator:  From D.A. Davidson, well go to Brent Gilman. 
Brent Gilman  D.A. Davidson: Hi, good morning. Just a question on the outlook for the 1 to 3% growth for new non-residential that youre looking for. Are you assuming any new construction or is that essentially all relight retrofit? 
Dave Nord  President, COO:  No, theres some new construction in there and they  in the second half. 
Brent Gilman  D.A. Davidson: Okay. And then just one more on the power guidance, the 2 to 4% organic, I mean, obviously that implies some uptick here from the growth you experienced in the second half, and I just wanted to get a little bit more feel for that to give some confidence there that youll be above that second half run rate. And is that due in part, I guess, to some of the unusual events like Sandy here in the second half? 
Bill Sperry  SVP, CFO:  Yeah, I think what  I would, you know, we had 7% growth for the full year in power and I think the shape of the year was a little bit unusually pulled forward, it wasnt smoothly spent during the four quarters. So as Dave was commenting using weeks, months or quarter can be a little misleading. But when we stretch out those dynamics across the full year and we understand the essential nature of the maintenance and repair work that we do with our utility partners in maintaining the quality of the networks gives us confidence that that maintenance and repair work needs to be done. Its harder on the transmission side where you see large spiky-lumpy projects. I think Dave gave you a very good flavor around those as to the fact that the spending really picked up through 11. It continued to grow in 12 and our outlook is for a high level of spending but it gets harder for us to show you lots of incremental growth on that because the level is so high. 
Brent Gilman  D.A. Davidson: Okay. Thank you. 
Operator:  And from Stifel Nicolaus, well go to Noelle Dilts. 
Noelle Dilts - Stifel Nicolaus: First, I just want to touch on a few additional questions on the power side of the business and Im just going to ask first if you can quantify your growth expectations for the transmission business in 13. And then second, can you discuss what youre seeing in the international piece of the business and your expectations for 13? 
Tim Powers  Chairman, CEO:  Yes, I think our outlook in 13 for transmission would be in low-single digits, Noelle. And I think that the international piece of our power business, which has reasonable exposure to Brazil and to a lesser degree, locally in China we actually have some more favorable views of that international potential versus a more challenging 12.
Noelle Dilts - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay, great. And then you know, the pricing impact was obviously positive in the quarter. Was there any beneficial impact from Sandy on pricing? And then secondly, can you just comment on if youre seeing more of the price benefit on the transmission side or the distribution side? 
Tim Powers  Chairman, CEO:  The impact of Sandy is not so much on pricing, its actually just the mix of the products, the nature of those products. We do not raise prices on products, you know, in a crisis, we actually deliver  the standard price of those products generally have a higher margin so you do get a larger benefit there. 
Noelle Dilts - Stifel Nicolaus: Right, okay, perfect. And then can you just update us on your pension expense expectations for 2013 versus 2012? 
Bill Sperry  SVP, CFO:  Yeah, I think that in general, we hope to  weve had some decent headwind in 12 from pension and we hope to be able to reverse that a little bit next year. 
Noelle Dilts - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay. And then the last question. You know, youve said in the past that youre LED margins are pretty consistent with your traditional product margins, but can you just give us some thoughts on how youre looking at LED margins for 13, if theres some room for expansion of input costs to go down? Just your thoughts there. 
Tim Powers  Chairman, CEO:  You know, I think we would give you the consistent story that we have, which is as the components, the LED components themselves become cheaper to us, we would expect to be passing that through to our customers in order to continue to drive the adoption rate. So like I said, for the year, we hit 17%, the quarter was at 20%, so you can see that continued trend upward and wed like to help facilitate that change. And as a result of that, our expectation is that that transition is margin neutral on a SKU by SKU basis. 
Noelle Dilts - Stifel Nicolaus:  Great. Thanks so much. 
Operator:  (Operator Instructions). And it does appear all questions have been addressed. 
Tim Powers  Chairman, CEO:  Great, okay. That concludes todays call. Thank you, everyone, for joining us today; certainly feel free to call us if you have any follow-up questions. Id be happy to take those today. Thanks again. 
Operator:  Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude todays presentation. We do thank everyone for your participation.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-10-18 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Jim Farrell - Director, IR Tim Powers - Chairman & CEO Dave Nord - President & COO Bill Sperry - SVP & CFO
Analysts: Christopher Glynn - Oppenheimer Rich Kwas - Wells Fargo Steve Tusa - JPMorgan Nicole DeBlase - Morgan Stanley Jeff Sprague - Vertical Research Partners Mike Wood - Macquarie Capital Noelle Dilts - Stifel Nicolaus
Operator: Good day, everyone. Welcome to the Hubbell Incorporated Third Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder today's call is being recorded. Now for opening introductions and remarks I will like to turn the call over to Jim Farrell. Please go ahead, sir.
Jim Farrell: Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. I am joined today by Tim Powers, our Chairman and CEO; Dave Nord, our President and COO; and Bill Sperry, our CFO. Hubbell announced its third quarter results for 2012 this morning. The press release and earnings slide materials have been posted to the investors section of our website at www.hubbell.com. Please note that our comments this morning may include statements related to the expected future results of our company and are therefore forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Therefore, please note this discussion of forward-looking statements in our press release is considered incorporated by reference into this call. In addition, comments made here also include some non-GAAP financial measures. Those measures have been reconciled to comparable GAAP measures and are included in the press release and the earnings slide materials. Now let me turn the call over to our Chairman and CEO, Tim Powers.
Tim Powers: Welcome everyone and good morning. I just have two overall comments before I let Dave do a review of the quarter and the current situation. First of all, the overall execution in the quarter by our factories and warehouses was just excellent. Customer service levels are reaching an all time high and I have to compliment the effort of all of our employees to have such a excellent quarter from an operating point of view. And as you know we had other positive elements as well in terms of cost price. Some market comments. The markets slowed during the quarter while the harsh and hazardous, residential, transmission, relight markets remained strong. Other categories such as non-residential, general industrial and international slowed during the quarter. Our markets slowed but remained in a growth phase. Events in Europe and U.S. political situation, I believe are having a negative effect on our customers commitment to their future growth plans. With those comments I will turn it over to Dave. Dave?
Dave Nord: Thanks, Tim. Good morning. I will echo Tims comments on the quarter, we are pleased with the performance in the quarter. Obviously, not pleased with some of the market dynamics and some of the slowdown that we saw, particularly in the early part of the quarter. But, while not totally unexpected, we felt that the back half of the year was going to be a little bit slower than the start. More importantly, despite that slowdown and a little bit lower top line reported results, certainly some good performance on the margin side. And Bill will take you through a lot of the details in a few minutes but we are very focused and continue to be focused on margin, continue to be focused on execution, on maintaining price discipline and improving productivity. And I think thats all demonstrated in the results in the quarter. We have focused on our service levels and we have continuing improving service levels and factory performance is really outstanding. I spent some time recently with our lead manufacturing executives. I know they are very upbeat on the things that are happening. They are all very busy, they are all very positive on the actions they are taking and the opportunities for more actions. So thats a good thing. I have also spent a lot of time over the last several months out in the field, spending a lot of time with our channel partners to get a feel for what they are seeing in the market as well as a sense of their perspective on Hubbell. Not surprisingly, they are seeing in the market the same things that we are seeing. The slowdown, the little bit of unpredictability. But at the end of the day they also feel that there is continued growth potential and we will talk about that a little more later. They are also very positive on Hubbell as an organization and the things that we are doing. As you know that we have always said that what we really have focused on is the things that we can control in execution and in investing for the future. We can't control the market. We just have to manage through whatever market. And I think a couple of things that -- notable things in the quarter or around the quarter that talk to that, we perceived a couple of points of recognition. One, from an organization, IDEA. And thats the official technology service provider, an e-business standards body of the electrical industry. And we received sixth annual award for outstanding performance in the area of e-business. We are commended for our e-business leadership and the incorporation of technology. And I think a lot of this goes back to the forward thinking of Tim and guiding Hubbell to make data excellence their priority. Its been very important and its important for our distributors because it helps in having master data to operate in an ecommerce environment, as well as for our vendor managed inventory. So I think thats a very good recognition. Another one, and we have to continue to focus on investing in new product development, in the lighting industry for the fifth running we received more acceptances in the Illuminating Engineering Societys progress report. This committee of this group is the only group in the industry with the task of monitoring significant advancements in the science of technology. And we have more significant advancements for the lighting fixtures than any other competitor again this year. So again for the fifth year. So I think thats indicative of what we are investing in. And thats what I hear from our channel partners around our investment, our technology, our new products. So all very positive things looking forward. I think we also have -- I had also spent time out in a lot of our factories and continue to do that. One of the things particularly in the lighting factory, it is abundantly clear that everywhere you turn, its about LED and the opportunities in LED. So we are very much engaged in embracing that and so thats another point thats bright for the future. And lastly, we continue to invest in new business. We closed on an acquisition in our power business just after first week of this month. A company called Trinetics at a $27 million transaction, that makes high voltage capacitor switches. A nice bolt-on to our power business and actually the first acquisition done in that business in about four years. So I think thats a good indicator and I think there is a lot more in the pipeline with a number of transactions that collectively in the works that like to close before the end of the year but could roll into next year as we work through integration plan. But all together that would be another $75 million to $100 million of investment in those transactions. So all good things that we are working on as well as trying to navigate a very challenging market. So with that let me turn it over to Bill to take you through some of the details of the quarter.
Bill Sperry: Thanks very much, Dave, and good morning and welcome everybody. I am going to be using the slides just to guide our comments here this morning that hopefully you found on the website. I am starting on page three. Our sales increased about 3%. As Dave mentioned, a moderating level in the third quarter here, with acquisition providing about a positive 2 points being offset by negative 2 points from foreign exchange. Operating profit margin of 17.1%, very attractive level for Hubbell. 70 basis points of improvement and being aided by favorable price commodity cost dynamics. Reported fully diluted EPS of $1.45, a higher tax rate in the third quarter of 12% gave us a $0.06 headwind compared to last year. We will talk about that as we get to that page more specifically. Page four, we talk a little bit about some of the markets maybe diving into what Tim and Dave were alluding to. On the non-residential side we certainly see the new construction still being slightly negative which is really being driven by the public spending shrinking as a percentage of the total. Well, I think we are embracing that because I think we are getting to a much more sustainable balance between the public and the private. And as we have commented on several more recent quarters, the renovation and relight market providing a very attractive offset to that and again continuing to provide double-digit growth for us in the quarter. The industrial markets were more mixed. Energy, we are selling harsh and hazardous products into the oil and gas and mining markets. Continued to be very strong. Some of the industrial production area is a little more flat and the high voltage test equipments which we have been talking to you about continues its trend of having a down year. In utility markets, transmission continuing strong and distribution pretty flat. And residential showing that they maybe finally here -- some decent legs here to the recovery. And I think we list resi fourth here because its the smallest of our four markets. But as a leading indicator it might actually prove to be very important. Our history suggests for us that the resi recovery should precede non-res in the 12 to 18 months kind of range. And so if resi is starting to pick up as well as it looks that bodes well I think for non-res starting to get there too. So that reviews our markets. Digging down into the gross margin, we generated 34% gross margin. 100 basis points improvement. This is where you see the price cost kicking in at the gross line. At the S&A level we had 5% growth really being pushed upward by higher pension and benefit costs. The OP line, we generated $135 million of operating profit and from our perspective an attractive 17.1% level. And again, our drivers here were price costs pushing the gross margin up and some headwind from the pension and the benefits. At the other expense line, we had some FX transaction gains in the third quarter of 12 which drove that number down a little bit. And on the tax we had a little bit of headwind here with a tax rate of 32.1%. We had R&D tax credit embedded in that third quarter 11 not in 12 and higher levels of domestic income helping to push up that tax rate. At the net income line, you have got 6% growth to $87 million. We have mentioned all the drivers and the earnings per diluted share also up 6%. Our share count being pretty consistent between the two periods, 59.7 million shares in third quarter of 12. So I think let's break down the quarter and distinguish between our two segments and we will start with electrical on page nine. We reviewed the markets. Where that comes out in some business units is our harsh and hazardous business is up double-digits serving some of those energy markets which is the real bright part of the industrial versus the high voltage showing declines which is creating that mixed level. For resi, for us, we have high single-digit growth in our lighting business there and that new construction slowdown in non-res has been offset and balanced by some of that re-light and rental business. So 5% growth for electrical and 90 basis point pickup in operating profits to 16.4% and a lot of that improvement in margin again being driven by the price cost dynamics thats proving to be favorable, offset a little bit by some of the higher S&A costs that we mentioned. So power segment, we switch to page ten. It may be worth pausing for a minute here and going through a discussion of the components here. As you will recall, power has been growing pretty handsomely throughout the year and we are showing a flat quarter. And its probably worth disaggregating that a little bit. I think we spend quite a bit of time in the last two quarters, and Dave mentioned it in his comments, highlighting that we thought that the second half compares for power would be more difficult even though spending levels could be high. And let's dig into that a little bit. So for us, we had FX unfavorable for a couple of points headwinds. And if you remember -- I think most of you had joined us in February earlier this year for our Investor Day, and when Bill Tolley was describing in more detail our power segment, he highlighted the component of those sales that go internationally as well as that go to what we would call here the construction market. So other utilities other than electrical light, water utilities, telecom utilities, cable utilities. The international component was down and those construction markets were down for power this quarter. So when you get to the North American electrical utility piece, there was some decent increases there with transmission providing most of the growth. Distribution being reasonably flat and the evidence to us appears that a lot of the distribution spending from the industry was probably a little bit front end loaded into the first couple of quarters of the year. So I just want to give you a little bit of that extra color on some of the power sales dynamics. On the OP line you see 30 basis points of margin expansion to healthy level of 18.7%. Switching now to cash flow. You will see when you compare the third quarter of last year to third quarter of 12, the two larger changes are in the working capital as well as in the other line. Within working capital we have a negative $14 million compare coming from a tax payable from prior year where because of hurricane Irene we actually made our tax payment at first week of October. And that creates a negative compare and how that working capital looks. Then at the other line, we have made $15 million in pension payments in the third quarter of this year that we did not make last year. So thats creating a negative compare there. So I think from a working capital perspective, we are hoping to deliver on our full year number of getting to net income. Okay. So that wraps up the quarter and let's switch to the year-to-date perspective now. We are showing sales growth to $2.3 billion. 8% growth. Operating profit of $361 million. 15.8% margin and growth of 110 basis points. Again, very attractive increase. And we are able to lever that 8% sales growth to 15% net income growth. So very attractive, as Tim and Dave both alluded to, year-to-date financial performance. Let's break that down between the two segments. Year-to-date electrical, just under $1.6 billion of sales, 7% growth. Again, some of the business unit drivers their being harsh and hazardous. The BURNDY business has been the big growth contributor there and the residential has been double-digit growth. So some good contributors to that 7% growth number. At the operating profit line, 80 basis point improvement to 14.8% helped again by price cost tailwind. Year-to-date power results up 9%. Again, for the year you have got increases in distribution. Very active transmission projects and with that 9% growth really helping drive margin improvement to 18%, helped again by some favorable price cost by dynamic. Year-to-date cash flow has a very similar story to the quarter. The two lines to focus your attention to are the working capital line and again we mentioned the tax payment difference and the other line has that pension difference. So I think you could do the math, you will see that we still, we think there is room for us to improve on our working capital management and we are focused on that and focused on getting you our goal of getting to one times net income for the year. Trade working capital, to focus on that line item a little bit. We are seeing the third quarter of 12, we were just about 19% of sales. The third quarter for us is seasonally our highest and it looks a little bit larger than last year. And so I think again we have got a little bit of improvement and work to do there but we are focused on and I think we will have that in line by the end of the year. Our capital structure on page 17, continues to be very solid. We have got cash balances and a debt to cap ratio of 27% and we are actually remaining in a net cash position relative to debt. So a very liquid and strong balance sheet to support a number of the initiatives that Dave was describing. Both from an acquisition and investment perspective. So our outlook for 12 is for sales to increase 6% compared to last year. As you will recall we had, last quarter anticipated a 6% to 8% range, so this is reflective of some of the slowdown that Dave described us observing in the earlier part of the third quarter. And as you kind of reverse out the math, you will see that it implies a relatively low growth rate for the fourth quarter in the low single-digits. And I think our experience has been that the fourth quarter can be hard to predict at times. I think this years fourth quarter is going to be characterized to some degree of market uncertainty relative to volume and I think for us customer behavior as they get into managing their inventories and allocating their purchasing habits as the year-end comes closer, can create a degree of unpredictability for us. But at the margin line you will see that we are expecting a 70 basis point improvement. Again to recall when we were with you last quarter, we were thinking that was 50 basis points plus. And so thats an improvement to where we were. Again if you try to solve for what that implies for our fourth quarter, its a fairly modest margin expansion for the fourth quarter. And it may be worth highlighting a couple of points to recognize that we won't be expanding margins as much as the first three quarters. The first item is we had a gain on sale of some land surrounding our headquarters in the fourth quarter last year. That gain on sale isnt repeating and the acquisition that Dave mentioned of Trinetics while will be next year a very attractive margin contributor to Hubbell, for its first quarter of our ownership some of the acquisition accounting causes us to recognize the sales without any real OP contribution. So those two factors create some dampening on what otherwise underlying operating wise is a little bit better margin expansion. So when we net those two out, our earnings outlook is reasonably consistent with where we were at the halfway mark. Again, I mentioned a few times we are still focused on getter you free cash flow equal to net income. And I think our tax rate, I mentioned some of the unpredictability on the sales side in the fourth quarter, for us taxes tend to have some volatility in the fourth as well as you get a number of factors coming together. It is worth noting out that our expectation of 32% does not have an R&D tax credit embedded in that. Many of you may have more insight of predicting something there, to give you an order of magnitude if that were to get past, that would be in the sort of $0.05 nickel range for us in terms of helping EPS. So we add all that up, I think I echo what you heard very clearly from both Tim and Dave is a record EPS year. Something certainly from our perspective, Hubbells very proud of that performance. So that kind of wraps the numbers up. And I was going to hand it back to Dave to give you more of a market and longer term outlook.
Dave Nord: Thank, Bill. Certainly a lot of moving parts. I think Bill gave you a lot of color and we will take questions in a minute. But let me put it in perspective. First, I am going to go back to look at the third quarter. The third quarter was, from a volume standpoint, weaker than we thought but certainly a lot of that was attributable to when we look back July and August. July and August was particularly weak. But we saw that start to recover a bit in September. So a better finish to the quarter, better rate exit. And what we are seeing so far in half way through the month of October, you know the volume is up year-over-year. So thats a positive. The challenge is that, and there is no -- I dont think anybody is surprised, there is a lot of uncertainty in the market right now. There is a lot of apprehension certainly in the space that we operate in. Thats what we hear from our customers. And I think it certainly affects most significantly those things that are CapEx related on the industrial side. Industrial production is still up so the MRO piece of the business is still performing well and there is a lot of activity. But there is pockets of uncertainty that I think are certainly weighting to see the outcome of our political environment and the election in three weeks to figure out what the direction is going to be, as well as what the outcome in the resolution of some of the fiscal cliff elements are. So all those from a business perspective are certainly putting a lot of clouds out there that we just have to wait to part. But in the meantime we are executing well and we are performing well. Looking beyond that, thats what I am focused and where we are investing is really looking out to the medium in long-term. And when we look at our markets, I can go market by market but on the utility side, transmission project activity will continue to be bullish. Its driven by the aging grid and the focus on reliability and connecting to these new lines of renewable power. The distribution business, it has to continue to grow. The grid needs to be upgraded but it will probably be more at a modest level. Probably around GDP. And international growth will continue. As Bill mentioned on the residential side, recovery is clearly underway. You saw it yesterday, it came out and housing starts up another 15%. But they are still well below the normal range of the 1.2 million to the 1.5 million starts. So still room to growth there so we are very optimistic and more importantly that becomes a leading indicator for the non-residential part. You know in that market, new construction remains and is bouncing along near bottom. The recovery keeps slipping to the right. I think thats a function of the residential having been slower than anticipated. But certainly the renovation and relight part of that business has good growth prospects and is in the early stages. And lastly on the industrial side, the extractive industries remain positive but they are slower than they were. They had great growth but they are still positive. The core industrial cycle is still growing and the high voltage part of that business for in industrial continues to be volatile. So overall, we strongly believe that we have got growth prospects medium to long-term. And the question is what the magnitude of those and thats what is still uncertain and I think waiting. Some of that will hopefully have more clarity as we exit the year and see where our political environment and our fiscal policy ends up. But all in all, we are planning for ongoing growth going forward. So with that, let me turn it back to Jim and we can open it up to questions.
Jim Farrell: Okay. Jennifer, we are ready to take the audience questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) And we will take our first question from Christopher Glynn with Oppenheimer.
Christopher Glynn - Oppenheimer: I was interested in, Dave, your comments about the cadence where July and August were kind of slow. I think we were pretty well through in your last call when you expressed the bias to the high end of the range, so I take it August was where the real surprise to you was. Anyway you can parse what was destocking versus end-demand, really just a channel adjustment maybe?
Dave Nord: Okay. There is a couple of parts to that. I think there was weakness at the beginning of July but I think as I have often said, you can't draw conclusions in this business by a week or two, sometimes not even by a month. And more recently there has been more volatility. What we were surprised by is that weakness actually accelerated as we exited July into August. So it was really the back half, really a summer slowdown. And I think a lot of people were certainly frustrated, and maybe even surprised, I think depending on the market when we talked to the distributors about the utility side I think everybody had the view of kind of what might play into it. And that was the early activity because of the warmer weather that might impact the summer activity. And I think thats probably what's played into it. We had some -- there was some storm activity early in the quarter but nowhere near the level of activity that we had last year. So we had some negative implications with the slower storm season, interestingly than we had last year at least for the business that we serve. So I think thats largely what contributed. And then you come back after labor day, everybody comes back after summer and there starts to be an uptick, although still with caution. I am not sure that we saw at least through the third quarter, any destocking going on. Although that certainly is something that we are looking out for and I would expect we would probably see some in the fourth quarter as distributors are looking out with a more conservative view. And so thats another thing that is more likely impacting our fourth quarter. Does that help?
Christopher Glynn - Oppenheimer: Yeah, thats great. Thanks for all that color. And then just lastly with -- a little bit of change in the pace of business activity out there. Is that changing the pricing dynamic or the stability of your pricing?
Dave Nord: Well, I would say that one of the pleasant surprises in the quarter is that we were able to hold price longer than you might expect in a slowing market. I am not sure that we expect that to continue. So I think thats what helped us. But again, we have been and our operating folks have been keenly focused on price discipline and trying to maintain price leadership. And so we expect that to continue but obviously we have got to balance that with market conditions.
Operator: We will take our next question from Rich Kwas with Wells Fargo Security.
Rich Kwas - Wells Fargo: Dave, on high voltage, its been volatile. I think Ken mentioned last quarter there were some signs of stability, what are you seeing there now?
Bill Sperry: You know Rich, its a very long lead time order business so we tend to not try to find economic indicators but rather kind of give you how our book looks. And I think as Tim and Dave were giving color in terms of more the capital side of our customer base is where we are seeing more of the softness. And high voltage is kind of a good example of something where our customer is going to be a transformer manufacturer. And we are actually seeing orders that are getting sort of delayed and pushed. So I think this softness that we are seeing on the industrial side is probably across Hubbells portfolio maybe being most acutely felt by high voltage for us.
Rich Kwas - Wells Fargo: Thats helpful, Bill. And then on the residential side, could you just clarify for us if you have gotten any benefit on the start side from the utility infrastructure. I think if I recall, the first half of the year you hadnt gotten any benefit and I assume that third quarter probably wasnt much. But how are you thinking about the leverage from the higher housing starts and how that could affect the power positively as you look out over the next six to 12 months?
Tim Powers: Rich, we havent seen any of that yet. But we certainly view that as additional opportunity. It will come. There will be, as you start to work through some of the pre-developed property, start to put in some new developments. And I think at this level of activity that we are starting to get to, it becomes much more new development, new grading, new infrastructure. And thats where we will start to see that. But we dont expect that until sometime next year. Maybe early next year but we are kind of planning for middle of next year to start to see some benefit.
Rich Kwas - Wells Fargo: Okay. Great. And then just last question on price cost. Whats within the margin outlook for the fourth quarter are you assuming that it gets back to neutral because you are facing tougher comps?
Bill Sperry: It doesnt go all the way back to neutral the way we are thinking of it. But it is, let's call it narrowing expectation Rich.
Operator: We will take our next question from Steve Tusa with JPMorgan.
Steve Tusa - JPMorgan: On the balance sheet, one of our companies recently paid out a pretty significant one time dividend in front of concerns around the tax rates situation. Are you guys considering that? Do you guys consider tax policy in your kind of balance sheet planning and would that at all impact the timing on decisions on what you may do with your cash?
Tim Powers: Rich, we would not consider a onetime dividend in the face of the change in tax policy. We have a longer view of the value of the cash in our balance sheet. We have a near term opportunity for acquisitions and just a balanced view of return of money to shareholders overtime either by dividends or by share buybacks along with our investments in the expansion of our portfolio and capital. So this isnt something that we would take short-term action as you are suggesting here in the face of, perhaps the tax change perhaps not.
Steve Tusa - JPMorgan: You talked about the uncertainty in some of the retrofit projects in non-res or perhaps some of those are being pushed around. Can you give us any anecdotes around the magnitude of that? Can we think about maybe that you said 6 to 8 the high end before, now thats 6. I mean can we take some of that difference and think about that as what you had in your funnel before and kind of what's in the funnel now. I mean is there any, a lot of companies are talking about these delays and we are trying to get our around the magnitude of this and what could -- its important as to what could come back on to the board when things get a little bit better if they ever get better. Can be maybe give us a little bit anecdotal evidence around that?
Bill Sperry: Yeah, Steve, just to clarify. If I misspoke, on retrofit, reno, relight, those kind of projects, were actually not any impact or any slowdown. Those are double-digits. We are seeing the paybacks. Very strong. We are seeing the people who are making those decisions, do the retrofit. Are some of the best real estate owners in the country in terms of owner-operators and are trying to run their properties more cost effectively, more efficiently and have that fundamentally improve their cost to goods sold. So thats big box retailers, thats large express companies, thats large makers of industrial equipment. All those kind of categories of customers of ours are continuing to make that reno or retrofit, relight decision. So we are actually -- thats actually kind of defying some of this. But so where you see it....
Steve Tusa - JPMorgan: I guess where you are seeing the delays? Can you maybe describe some of those and whether its in industrial or.....?
Bill Sperry: Yeah, I mean for us then it comes across in large capital projects where we might be selling wiring devices into. We referred to the high voltage test equipment, so someone might have been planning something on the transformer side and they are making a more cautious decision. Perhaps waiting for some of the clarity that Daves kind of describing it, as hopefully being on the horizon. And some of those new construction project buildings, maybe they are slowing that down a little bit. A hotel company that you were going to do. So we just see some caution in our customer base that, as Dave said, inflected for us sort of in that July and through August. So for us its a little bit difficult for us to extrapolate that six weeks order pattern and tell you that we have perfect insight into how everyone is going to react to the election and everything else. But in general we have taken a more cautious tone for this year as we wait for some more clarity to some out.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) And we will take our next question from Nicole DeBlase with Morgan Stanley.
Nicole DeBlase - Morgan Stanley: So maybe just a question on 4Q. So you guys have guided for low single digit organic growth. Can you parse it out a little bit between power and electrical, do you expect kind of similar trends to what we saw during the third quarter?
Dave Nord: Yeah, you know Nicole we havent -- we would like to quit the practice of giving your quarterly guidance. I think for the -- as you think about how we roll forward, I dont think we are anticipating a lot of dramatic change for you in either the power or electrical segment really from Q3.
Nicole DeBlase - Morgan Stanley: Okay. Got it. Thats helpful.
Dave Nord: I know that you should think of any, yeah.
Nicole DeBlase - Morgan Stanley: And then you mentioned pension. How much of a drag was that on your margin and then what is the outlook for pension expense based on where we are today on a year-on-year basis into 2013?
Bill Sperry: Nicole, the pension impact on the SG&A line inclusive of the benefits was the whole difference, the 30 bps that you are looking at.
Nicole DeBlase - Morgan Stanley: Okay.
Bill Sperry: The pension is, call it a $12 million headwind or so.
Nicole DeBlase - Morgan Stanley: And outlook into 2013? Initially I know its a little bit early we dont have discount rate information yet.
Dave Nord: Yeah, I mean certainly at this point it doesnt appear to us that thats going to be anywhere near that kind of headwind. A lot of factors as you know with rates and expected returns but it should be anywhere near that magnitude next year.
Nicole DeBlase - Morgan Stanley: Okay. Thanks. And if I could just sneak one more. Is it possible to quantify the price cost benefit that saw within margins during the quarter?
Bill Sperry: Yeah, it was around a point, Nicole, of tailwind.
Operator: We will take our next question from Jeff Sprague with Vertical Research Partners.
Jeff Sprague - Vertical Research Partners: Could we just dig a little bit further into kind of what the deal pipeline looks like? You kind of foreshadowed maybe there is 75 million or 100 million that may happen in Q4 or in the very near term. Is the pipeline fairly active looking beyond that? Certainly your comments about the dividends and those things suggest that they are but maybe just a little bit more color on how acquisitions versus share repurchase gets balanced in to 2013?
Tim Powers: Yeah, sure, Jeff. Certainly the pipeline, the near-term pipeline is very active, we have got some things. But looking out we see a lot of opportunities. There are a lot of businesses that we would love to have in our portfolio. One of the things I have found interesting from my travels with channel partners is they are all full of ideas of different businesses that would be nice to add to our portfolio. So as active as we have been in identifying, I am getting an additional list that its good to know. So I think there is tremendous opportunities. As you know, shaking them loose, finding them, getting them to the sellers, are all part of the activity. And we are clearly focused on larger, and I said larger than what we have been doing the 25 to 50. Looking more in the multi-hundred million dollar type of transactions. It takes time. It takes a lot of effort. We continue to add to our resources. We continue to add to the focus of our whole management team. And so I think I am seeing a lot more energy in activity and emphasis that I think will -- I am certainly pushing and I expect that we would have a lot more activity into next year.
Jeff Sprague - Vertical Research Partners: And just -- you know the answer to this question obviously isnt totally answerable until to actually know what you bought and what you paid and all that sort of thing. You know I think Bill pointed out the purchase accounting pension that you have possibly in Q4 with deals. So the kind of the stuff that you are looking at that I guess you should still say larger for you but not specially large. Do those have an opportunity to be year one accretive even if they are (inaudible) in the quarter of acquisition or a quarter or two necessarily?
Tim Powers: Absolutely. Absolutely. I mean our objective is to not be dilutive and most of the ones we look at or the way we look at have the possibility absent some unusual transitional and transaction associated cost, to be accretive in the first year.
Jeff Sprague - Vertical Research Partners: Right. And then just switching gears, a couple of items. Can you tell us what percent of your lighting business is now LED?
Bill Sperry: We are up to 16% now, Jeff.
Jeff Sprague - Vertical Research Partners: And just thinking about T&D and I guess maybe T specifically. Tim or Dave mentioned interconnect to renewables. Do you see any particular challenge in 13 on wind if kind of wind installations cliff here on us on the production tax credit dynamic?
Tim Powers: I think that there are so many opportunities to improve the grid that while some of the bigger lines so far the bigger jobs have been connecting renewables. If there are substantial opportunities to connect different parts geographically and we are seeing a number of those jobs come forward. Now whether we are going to see a huge amount of growth this high level of transmission spending remains to be seen. But its going to remain at this level with some slight growth and I think that the wind or the renewables is only one part of that story. I think there are so many other needs to improve the grid and to streamline it and to update it. For instance high voltage DC replacing line AC lines. Coming down in voltage classes from the highest to 345 KV and so on, that the part of the utilities who recognize how important this can be in reducing line losses and increasing reliability will continue to invest. And I am expecting this high level investment to continue for quite a few more years.
Jeff Sprague - Vertical Research Partners: Do you see any activity around coal plant closures? You know the prospective disruptions to the grid as it stands as coal plants go down and any positive feedback in the T or D from that?
Tim Powers: They are enough isolated so its not to cause any overall big pattern. I think you have a number of things going on which is fuel switching. So you have some oil fired coal plants converting to natural gas. The legislation and regulation around greenhouse gases are forcing some of the older plants to be taken offline. But if you listen to the manufacturers who are selling gas turbines such as General Electric, the demand is up and they are going to be substituting those kinds of combined cycle plants. But I would say this is more in the range of a smooth transition than anything that represents a significant move. I think probably the best opportunity for reshaping the grid beside the transmission side is certainly the expansion of new housing. As Dave indicated the national home builders really havent reached the stage where they are procuring land now, they are getting it permitted. And as soon as they began to consume land, thats when the shape of the distribution grid begins to change. And following on that comes the commercial construction that goes with the expansion of houses and then schools and so on. And really that is what changes geographically where the demand is. And so thats really coming, as Dave indicated, in 13 and then on in the 14. So its just a ways away but we can see it now. We can see it coming.
Operator: We will take our next question from Mike Wood with Macquarie Capital.
Mike Wood - Macquarie Capital: Our utilities team at Macquarie here is thinking that we may have a peak CapEx here driven by California renewable trying to suspending a lot this year to meet the 2015 mandate. Can you just talk about your exposure to that, specifically to the California renewable utility spending?
Dave Nord: Well, I would say that -- we referred to a broader category called [nurk-work] and this is federal requirements for reliability and safety of the grid. And across the country there is diversion of some spending towards improving the reliability standards of the grid. In California, its hard to say at this point if we reached a peak this year or its next year. You know I mean there is more to be done and in our case where we participate in the grid, you can really have that spending still come into place right up to the last minute because what we have is easily installed. So we are not talking about the apparatus like power plants and large substations. We are the piece parts along the line, so the spending can remain high for that for a number of years.
Mike Wood - Macquarie Capital: Great. And the international piece of the utility business. Can you characterize what you are seeing there? Is that deferrals or driven by something else?
Dave Nord: It is deferrals driven by slower economic growth in Asia and slower economic growth in Brazil. And it isnt that they are putting the plants on hold or terminating the plants. It is that the demand for power, increased amount of power is being slowed by their slowing economies. So they are just shifting the projects to the right. So you can imagine what the difference in China is between 7.5% and 10% growth. Its a number of different high voltage lines. Its a number of different power plants. The same would be true in Brazil and other developing parts of the world. So it just means the same plants are in place but they are sliding to the right until such time when those economies begin to rebound.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) And we will take our next question from Noelle Dilts with Stifel Nicolaus.
Noelle Dilts - Stifel Nicolaus: I have a couple of questions that actually just kind of expand on some of the questions that have been asked earlier. On the LED side, I know you talked about that being about 15% of your lighting business. Can you discuss the trends you are seeing there in terms of margin? We are hearing that margins are getting better on those products. And also going into the next couple of quarters you might actually have a tailwind from some lower end costs, particularly the bulbs. So can you comment on what you are seeing there in terms of profitability?
Dave Nord: Sure. You know Noelle for us, we have had and we have been pretty consistent in describing the margins for the LED products as being very comparable to the legacy technology that they replace. I think some of our friends in the market are saying they were getting inferior margins and those have been improving. But for us, they have been pretty comparable on a skew by skew basis. The units cost more, so you make more dollars. But the margin is comparable. And I think going forward, you are right to say that a lot of the inputs are expect to come down and the way we view that is the product itself becomes cheaper and in effect things like the payback and those kinds of decisions. And to be able to make comparable margins on those products as opposed to -- and instead as cost input declines it really helps increase the adoption rate for us essentially.
Noelle Dilts - Stifel Nicolaus: Great. And then back on your acquisition and the pipeline you are looking at, potential acquisitions. Trinetics, it sounds like its the first acquisition in a while, kind of focused more on the power side. You know as you look forward, are you favoring the power sales on the utility side more or will that be kind of balanced in terms of your current business?
Tim Powers: I would say Noelle that our approach is actually quite balanced. I dont think the power guys had been on a four-year drought because of lack of bookings. And it certainly wasnt because of lack of our view of positive outlook for power. Its just the nature. As Dave was describing, the pipeline sometimes is hard to predict. But going forward, certainly we would love to do more power deals. We think its a very attractive space. As Tim was just talking, power for us because of its more global standard lends itself in ways to a more international kind of level of expansion, the harsh and hazardous business. Similarly, it can lend itself to a more international expansion, but I think Dave described it right to say that our balance sheet is very well positioned and we would love to enhance parts of our portfolio. So its much more when the opportunities with the compelling fit and the right value present themselves that we can do them as opposed to us pushing in one direction or the other. We would love to add to all of them.
Noelle Dilts - Stifel Nicolaus: And final question. Our work suggests that we are seeing transmission projects to accelerate in the back half of the year, at least relative to the first half. I know you said you expect trends to be relatively consistent in the fourth quarter in terms of power but are you seeing any type of pick up in quarters or enquiries that you think maybe related to this kind of (inaudible) excursion activity?
Tim Powers: Your analysis is correct. I think there have been more awards as the year has gone along. What's different about the nature of business as it becomes sales for our company is last year there were a number of immediate large releases coinciding with the awards. This year the cadence is more of a traditional nature meaning that you get an award which is very large and spread over let's say 18 months to coincide with the construction of the line. And unlike last year we are getting more of the incremental releases at the beginning which would be more traditional than last year when we got large releases earlier. But our market position in our space obviously puts us in a number one market position and we are doing very well in the market on transmission system jobs.
Jim Farrell: Okay. Jennifer, I think that takes us up to the hour.
Operator: That does. And there are no further questions. Thank you.
Jim Farrell: Okay everyone, thank you very much for joining us today. Again, if there are any follow-up questions you may have, feel free to contact me after the call. Thanks again for joining us.
Operator: And that does conclude today's presentation. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-07-19 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Jim Farrell - Director, IR Tim Powers - Chairman & CEO Dave Nord - President & COO Bill Sperry - SVP & CFO
Analysts: Christopher Glynn - Oppenheimer Rich Kwas - Wells Fargo Steve Tusa - JPMorgan Jeff Sprague - Vertical Research Partners Brent Thielman - D.A. Davidson & Company Mike Wood - Macquarie Capital Jeff Beach - Stifel Nicolaus Carter Shoop - KeyBanc
Operator: Good day, everyone. Welcome to the Hubbell Incorporated second quarter 2012 earnings conference call. As a reminder, today's call is being recorded. Now for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Jim Farrell. Please go ahead, sir.
Jim Farrell: Good morning everyone, and thank you for joining us. Hubbell announced the second quarter results for 2012 this morning. The press release and earning slide materials have been posted to the Investor Section of our website at www.hubbell.com. Please note that our comments this morning may include statements related to the expected future results of our company and are therefore forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Therefore, please note the discussion of forward-looking statements in our press release and consider it incorporated by reference into this call. In addition, comments made here also include some non-GAAP financial measures. Those measures are reconciled to the comparable GAAP measures and are included in the press release and the earnings slide materials. Now let me turn the call over to our Chairman and CEO Tim Powers.
Tim Powers: Thanks, Jim. Welcome and thank you for joining us this morning. Before go into the specifics of the quarter, I want to bring everyone up to date on some recent organizational changes. Dave Nord who has been Chief Financial Officer since joining Hubbell in 2005, has been promoted to President and Chief Operating Officer. Dave has done an outstanding job as CFO implementing change and driving organizational focus to help support our profit margin expansion. We look forward to Daves leadership in his new role. Bill Sperry who has been our Vice President of Corporate Strategy and Development has been promoted to Chief Financial Officer. Bill joined Hubbell in 2008 and has been instrumental in supporting our acquisition strategy as well as providing valuable insights into our company to the investment community. I am confident that Dave and Bill will continue to provide the necessary leadership and direction to enable Hubbell to reach higher levels of performance. I wish each of them much success in their new roles. I have just a couple of high level comments and then I will turn the discussion over to Dave on the quarter. First of all on our execution, I was very pleased that the second quarter provided our company with opportunity to provide the highest levels of service that we've seen in many, many quarters. Customer delivery performance was excellent, our plant factory performance was excellent resulting in good overall execution for the quarter as you can see in our results. Second, on one of the markets that we participate in and that is residential. We see a bottoming and positive signs of improvement. We had higher levels of business with the national home builders, through our DIY channels and over the internet. So we feel that were at the bottom and beginning to start up in the residential market. And then to discuss further the macro uncertainty of the economy and our view of that and while there is great uncertainty, we remain focused on our own performance. We understand what's going on around us, but we remain committed to introduce more new products, have higher levels of capital spending and greater efforts on acquisition in 2012 than weve done in 2011. And with those comments, I will turn it over to Dave.
Dave Nord:  Thanks Tim. Good morning everyone. Before I get into the quarter, let me just provide a little commentary on the new role. I am obviously honored and delighted to you know that Tim and the Board have the confidence to give me this responsibility. I certainly view it a bit of, I have done such a great job at helping the organization set targets that they thought it would be a good opportunity for me to go and get more involved in the operations to help deliver those targets. So, I welcome the challenge and the opportunity. I have been out in the last month and half visiting some of our locations, spending some time in the factory floor and I can tell you that, that just gives me more confidence in the capabilities in the organization, what weve achieved to date and what the runway is going forward. We've got a strong team. We've got great programs in place and a lot more opportunities to go. So I am really looking forward to this. I am also really delighted that you know Bill joined us several years ago, brought him on board and he is probably been instrumental in energizing our acquisition activity, lot of focus on our strategy as well as enhancing our image and our relationship with the investment community. So all those things I think are natural fits and I think the transition here has been very seamless.  With that, let me get into a little color on the second quarter. Turning first to page 3. Sales in the quarter were up 10% and that was really based on broad-based growth. So a strong growth continues in our harsh and hazardous business, up 20%. The power business continues to perform well on all fronts, including the benefit, a little bit at the end of the quarter but certainly leading in to the third quarter. But recent storms that weve experienced in the Midwest and Mid-Atlantic, we did what we normally do and were very responsive, delivered almost three quarters of the requirements within the day, the utilities need them, which is one of our signature capabilities. So not a lot of benefit in the second quarter, but some volume benefit that will occur in the third. And I think, within that 10% growth we also had the benefit of acquisitions, the acquisitions that weve done through the first quarter and then youll note that we had an acquisition early in the second quarter, company's name TayMac. It was a $42 million acquisition. Its a business that makes non-metallic enclosures, weather-proof enclosures that was a nice add and a fold into our Raco business. The pipeline is very active. There is a lot of similar type properties that we are evaluating and I would expect that we will have more activity hopefully closing in third or fourth quarter of this year. On the profitability side, our margins for the quarter were 16%. It is more than a full point improvement from a year ago. Now a lot of that is coming from the favorable price commodity cost benefit. You will recall last year we were still facing sort of very severe headwind from the commodity cost before we got our prices in, but as the year progressed it improved and I think this is of the peak quarter of that turnaround. So a big benefit there. All of that leading to our diluted earnings per share in the quarter of $1.29, up 21%. And I think all of that is consistent really with our own expectations for the quarter and the first half of the year. You know we thought the shape of the year, sales increases and margin improvement and we've talked about it, it was going to be really biased towards the front end, the more challenging comps in the second half and we will talk about the outlook later. We've had some commodity tailwind, a little more than we expected and to date pricing has held, but that is always the challenge and we are cautious going forward. You know we view some of that benefit to continue to focus on those things that will continue to drive growth and margin improvement going forward and continue to make those investments. So with that, let me turn it over to Bill and he can take you through some of the details of the quarter.
Bill Sperry: Thanks very much, Dave. I am starting on page 4 of the materials. So looking at the sales for the second quarter, Dave gave you a sense of the broad-based nature of it and I'll just comment on the end markets here in sort of descending order of size to non-res being the biggest and we continue to see the trends we've been experiencing where the public side, new construction continuing to be soft. We are seeing some strength in private, but the renovation really, the market really helping us net grow there. On the industrial side we do have some mixed performance where high voltage test equipment is proving to be soft, but certainly the energy markets in our harsh and hazardous business that serves those markets doing very well. Utility is strong across both transmission and distribution and maybe something we've been waiting quite a while for here, signs that the resi market starting to allow us to see some very decent growth. We are still getting most of our lift from the multi-family side, but we are also starting to see some positive signs from the single-family side. So flipping over to gross margin. We have seen a 100 basis points improvement to 33.4%, a great piece of that coming from price cost dynamic that Dave described and at the selling and administrative level, we are also getting some pick up in margin primarily bits from the volume providing some leverage there. So on page six, we are on operating profit, 120 basis points pick up as Dave described. Essentially a point coming from the price cost dynamic, but we are certainly encouraged to see contributions from both the gross margin and SME line items there. So the total other expense, very small dollars there but some lower effects losses included this year and the tax rate running slightly higher than last year at 32.8% but we do not have the R&D tax credit included there so as you see we are targeting the year to be around 32.5% so we are kind of inline with what we are expecting there.  So at the net income line we are at $77.5 million, an increase of 19%, really the result of what we've described the drivers of operating profit and we did a little bit there at the EPS line, $1.29 as being highlighted but increase to 21% where we picked up a little bit from having our average share count about a million shares lower during the quarter than the previous year.  So let's switch over now to talking about the segments and let's start with electrical, received $536 million of sales an increase of 8% with acquisitions adding 3% so really 5% coming organically. We described the industrial markets being mixed with Harsh and hazardous doing very well and high voltage showing show softness.  We described the resi strength and how well we are doing non-resi wise given some of the renovation spending that we are seeing particularly getting experienced by our lighting business.  Dave talked about the acquisitions; it has been for over the past few quarters, we are happy to have made those investments. You can see they become meaningful to the segment here in terms of driving growth and we are eager to do more as Dave highlighted.  On the [TLP] line here which got 120 basis point improvement in electrical segment, and again we are getting a price cost tail win here which is helpful as well as leveraged from its tail so good performance here in electrical. And switching to Power on page 10 also very strong performance 15% sales growth coming in at $242 million and we are seeing that above 10% growth rates in both our transmission market as well as our distribution market.  You will all remember distribution is a larger piece of our business but the transmission spending has been a big contributor to these very attractive growth rates. And you see 90 basis points OP profit improvement 17.9% very attractive levels and good direction, so good quarter from Power. Talking about cash flow, obviously we are starting with a nice pick up in net income. At the working capital line, we essentially kept our days in line and we will talk about working capital little bit more in a minute. But certainly to support 10% sales growth we have got a little bit of investment there on working capital and on the other side we have got some we have made a pension contribution in the second quarter that we hadnt last year and there were some deferred taxes that changed that.  So we are holding to our annual target of trying to achieve one time net income with our cash flow and obviously this is a net one times and we are little bit below last year but we feel good but structurally we are on pace to be able to meet that full year target.  So summary of the quarter we feel its very, very solid, 10% sales growth, 120 basis points on margin and 21% EPS. So let's switch for the year-to-date period. Also very solid period, 10% sales growth, 130 basis points at the [OP] margin line, and 24% increased EPS.  So, a very solid results here at half time. Let's take a look at the segments on page 13, starting with electrical, similar drivers to what we saw in the second quarter. Harsh and hazardous being strong, high voltage being softer, but great demand for resi and good non-res performance given some of the benefits we saw on the private side but also in renovation spending. OP up 70 basis points at 13.9% and again about a point coming there from price clauses and good tailwind coming in behind us there. At the Power segment, year-to-date, very strong 14% price given us about two but very good organic performance in the transmission and distribution side, trends that weve been showing you for quite some time.  And at this point, Dave will talk more about the outlook but some of this Power performance were going to start now to run up against some tougher compares in the second half where we really started to see the transmission spending pick up very dramatically last year.  But sticking with Power year-to-date, 230 basis point improvements at 17.6%, a very solid performance from Power. Cash flow in the year-to-date period similar to the second quarter we feel reasonably inline with our working capital days from receivables, inventory and payable perspective.  The other line being driven by the pension and deferred taxes we discussed. CapEx just to remind you last year we had investment in a building in Basel, Switzerland for about $13 million that drove up the CapEx last year and I think both Tim and Dave alluded to our desire to suspend CapEx and keep investing in the company and that expect shows an increase in investment there.  Here we are talking on page 16 focusing on trade working capital. We are happy to be under that 18% level and second quarter of 2012 are looking very much inline with second quarter of 2011 and it continues to be an area of focus never doing enough on inventories, payables and receivables and we are going to keep working on those but those levels seem to be reasonably good in terms of helping us drive cash flow.  Switching to our balance sheets, we are in very, very good shape here. $545 million of cash essentially in a zero net debt position. So we feel very well positioned to make the kind of investments both of the capital nature and in an acquisition nature to continue to grow the company. So again, we feel very strong second quarter performance very strong year-to-date performance and I am going to turn it back to Dave to provide our outlook for the rest of the year to you.
Dave Nord: Let me first talk about our view of the end markets and our four key end markets on page 18. And I will start up on the upper right in utility. That market we see for the year growing 6% to 8%, that's about a point improvement from our last communicated look.  I think a lot of that's driven by continued strength on the transmission side in particular. The residential side as you've heard Jim and Bill talk about, I think there's clearly indications of a recovery that's in place. We are still cautious about the pace of that recovery.  Certainly housing starts continue to increase, settlement is improving but keep in mind that its all relative, even builder settlement is up to 45 which is still less than the middle ground of 50 so but certainly a dramatic improvement from the low-to-mid teens levels that they were fueling for a long time and we hear that from our customers as well. So that market we think for this year would be up 10% to 15% for us which is up dramatically from the 5% to 7% but not as big a contributor because its unfortunately still a small part of our business but actually bodes very well for one element of the growth prospects going forward.  The non-residential market as well 2% to 4% growth that's also up a little bit from what we last forecast, a big part of that being a continued strength in the relight, retrofit and energy efficiency. So the one market that we see some softness in is on the industrial side at 3% to 5%, and that's down a point from our last look, you know there are a number of businesses driving that the industrial production sector.  Bill talked about our high voltage business that you will recall in last year we thought was going to be down and its surprised us and turned out okay. This year we thought its going to be down and in fact it is going to be down, although we are feeling a little bit better because the order book is starting to fill and now this is a project business, a longer lead time and so thats more opportunities for going into next year in 13.  So all about as the end market growth of 4% to 6% which is up a point from what we last thought. How's that play down into our segment sales growth along the Power side, we are still holding at the 7% to 9% really led by the transmission projects spend thats continuing to be strong although the second half compares on the sales side are more difficult.  You will recall last year in the second half we had a lot of releases on projects and so it creates a lot more volatility in this business but the order book here continues to build, you can get some early releases but they are impossible to predict and so we dont anticipate early releases until they come. Distribution is up on higher maintenance so I think that sort of market where we have seen clearly a change in the shape of the year. We talked earlier in the year about that the weather impacts and some of the projects and work being done because of the warmer weather and I think what we are hearing from some customers they are spent at a higher level for the budget and they will typically be at this point, so we are little more cautious over the summer, so the less of a peak in our construction cycle in the summer so I think thats also going to have a little bit of an impact on the year-over-year.  And then the price benefit being offset by the unfavorable foreign currency. On the electrical side, 6% to 8% growth with the construction market slowly recovering, the energy industry is still strong although certainly with volatility as you tracked a significant volatility in oil prices and then acquisitions adding to 2 points. So overall, 6% to 8% sales increase. So that gives us turning to page 20, that 6% to 8%, acquisitions giving us 2 points of that growth and those are just for the closed deals, the deals that are closed so far this year, certainly if we close any other deals it could add to that 2% but as were in late July, unless very closed pretty soon, the contribution this year wont be significant, but certainly again it adds to what we are looking at in 2013. We do have more foreign currency headwind than we had originally thought and I think thats more offsetting the price increase that we expected. So we had within our sales guidance a point of price and I think thats being offset by the foreign currency headwind that we will experience and I expect for the rest of the year. So in essence, our core volume growth assumptions overall are up a point from what we last thought. On the margin side, you know were still expecting to increase our margins at least 50 basis points, and our target is 50 basis points. Certainly, there is opportunities that come from price cost capability if that holds as well as the incremental margins. But I think there is also things that what weve talked about some of the cost headwinds. They are in excess of our productivity gains, the pension costs, healthcare costs and as well some of the things that I mentioned, you know, we were looking at things that we need to do this year in anticipation of continued growth and margin expansion and particularly, some of the markets slow more than expected we want to be ready for that. And again, the other thing to keep in mind is that the second half compares a much more challenging, one, because of the volatility on thats created from a strong sales level on the utility side in the transmission market, but also for some of the other things that occurred in the second half last year and particularly if you will recall that we had some gains from some facility sales, in particular you recall we sold some of the excess land thats associated with our corporate headquarters, so all-in-all that was about $4 million in the second half that we expected would be. Free cash flow, were still on target to deliver free cash flow equal to net income and also that were maintaining our 32.5% tax rate; so strong first half and certainly on track to deliver record earnings per share for this year. So with that let me turn it back to Jim and well open it up to questions.
Jim Farrell: Okay, thanks Dave. Why dont we take this time to take any questions you may have.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) We will first go to the side of Christopher Glynn with Oppenheimer. Your line is now open.
Christopher Glynn - Oppenheimer:  Just looking at guidance of at least 50 basis points from just kind of 50, and directionally positive and reading it maybe just a little bit outside a bit, still imply that flatter second half year-over-year on the margin, you did explained that, but just curious what may drive some sources of upside naturally year-over-year improvement in the second half of March in spite the tough comps?
Dave Nord: Well Chris certainly if we exceed our volume as options that would be one and some of the headwind for example if some of these transmission projects have some earlier relations those would come once and good to incremental margins. There is always a mix element because within our businesses we have some pretty high margin businesses that are necessarily forecast to be strong. So if the mix of those businesses turned out to be a little bit better you could have some of that; I think if we were able to, certainly if we were able to hold the price and commodity cost you know stay down, it could be somewhere but were feeling that there is going to be lot more pressure on the price going forward, particularly in one business in particular which weve always had the biggest challenges on the lighting business. A lot of activity in the lighting business, a lot of dynamics occurring there as that business transitions into LED and some more entrants start to come in and be able for some of the pricing enrollments, so I think there is a lot of factors that go into there; we are certainly not satisfied in stopping it; a lot of pieces to occur, a lot of volatilities that can have some.
Christopher Glynn - Oppenheimer: And then as far as mix goes the residential lighting, I am curious is the incrementals there kind of favorable to the relevant to the overall mix?
Tim Powers: The margins on residential are coming up from slightly below the average to approaching the average and you know its a very profitable business for us once that reaches its on the levels of activity; so we are encouraged that you know that as our business continues to improve that it will get back to where it is, which is one of our margin leaders in the company.
Christopher Glynn - Oppenheimer: And then just last one Tim, what was all the technology change in lighting and Dave alluded to that, is there a way to think about your content per square foot or if we think of the same type of project now as versus five years ago, is that project worth one point something times what it used to be?
Tim Powers: Yes, certainly when we sell an LED light we produce the driver and we produce the source of light not counting the LED chip, but the board and all the other components that go into it are manufactured by us and those sales are approaching now 15% of our total and so its moving at a very high rate again and we are pleased with that. But our value contribution is higher than it was in the previous technology where we would buy a lamp and buy a ballast from the outside. So it is better and additionally there are more systems or retrofits that are beginning to include controls and dimming than ever before because certainly the best energy efficiency story is when you can turn the light off and these controls are developing and wireless controls are developing to advance that story. 
Operator: And we will next go to the site of Rich Kwas with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Rich Kwas - Wells Fargo: Bill, or Dave or even Tim, could you comment about harsh and hazardous, you've seen strong growth there; you've seen oil come down a bit here, although its rebounding lately, natural gas is pretty low as well in terms of pricing; are you seeing any signs that activity on harsh and hazardous side could be pulling back at all?
Bill Sperry: You know Rich, I think looking at total rate count has proved to be an interesting indicator for harsh and hazardous and as gas prices have tanked, the number of rigs doing that work was decreasing, but the oil rig count was increasing kind of offsetting that and just very recently those numbers have flattened a little bit. So I think you are right to point out that there is a little bit of risk inherent in that in the short-term I would say, long-term we are pretty bullish on the energy infrastructure spending theme and we like our positioning in the sector, but you are right that energy prices being higher kind of help enable people to make more investment which is good for us.
Rich Kwas - Wells Fargo: And then is that when you adjusted your end market outlook for industrial, was that a big part of that adjustment or is that kind of broader based?
Bill Sperry: Well, I would say its all of the above right, so certainly our outlook for high voltage test equipment which Dave mentioned is part of that, but as you know really half of our industrial exposure is related to general manufacturing industries and so we tend to look for example at the auto picture which you obviously are very familiar with and that tends to be a reasonable bellwether for us in terms of general manufacturing and that picture has some bounce around, the number of cars; is at a reasonable level to induce some spending. But that picture overall when you blend all that stuff together including harsh and hazardous caused us essentially to take about a point out of our outlook for that.
Rich Kwas - Wells Fargo: And then on the transmission CapEx side, could you provide us any color on the makeup of that for your business specifically meaning how much of that is kind of alternative energy sources, how much of that is just kind of maintenance or changeover in terms of new transmission line from expansion regionally. Whats kind of the solo win sort of mix of that and how should we think about the makeup of that business?
Tim Powers: This moves around substantially from quarter-to-quarter and we have seen peaks and valleys of the alternate energy. Just lately its been less of added more of the traditional, but we are pleased with our overall market share, the level of market activity and the entire market sector has been good. I think Dave alluded to some of the difficulty we have with predicting it. Normally you can win an order about this time of the year, early in the third quarter, then it will take four to six months for the utility then to begin to release shipments against that. Last year we had an unexpected event where several of those jobs were released almost with immediately replacing the order and gave us large incremental revenues in the third quarter and the fourth quarter last year. Were still winning about the same percentage of market share, but were not in a position yet to see whether there is going to be any early releases. So, we're back to what I would describe as a more normal pattern, but I would say that were looking at more traditional transmission lines at this time. While there is always the new sources of energy, this is a little bit more skewed to the traditional stuff.
Operator:  And we will next go to the side of Steve Tusa with JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Steve Tusa - JPMorgan:  Did weather at all play, any of the recent storm activities or just harsh weather in general play any role in the distribution side or the power side?
Dave Nord:  Steve, not within the second quarter, although I think you will see some of that in the third quarter. I think our latest estimate was the storm impact was about $4 million to date, but the majority of that was in July.
Steve Tusa - JPMorgan: Okay, so thats like not really, I mean, youre obviously not planning for that kind of stuff in your guidance, right or is that, thats already kind of booked as business just, would you say?
Dave Nord:  Well, its now in our guidance since we know that there. I mean we normally plan for normal storm activity over a 20-year period and the one thing that's occurred as long as I have been here is that we have always been wrong because it's always been either a lot higher or a lot lower, but that is the best we can do and I think in fact the second quarter had very limited storm-related activity against what we have historically experienced until this last storm. but again it all happened on the 29th or 30th of June, so a lot that will hold into the first couple days of July.
Bill Sperry: I would say generally too in a second level, the hot whether you know is good for utilities right. I think we have been talking about how retail electricity demand had been a little bit sluggish and start of the year as may be the warm winter weather and so now a hot summer that helps them I think on the revenue side which is net good for us to get to support some of the spending we are looking for. So they have kind of a general impact on them as well.
Steve Tusa - JPMorgan: And just to be kind of the pay side of your US short-cycle industrial businesses, June and July type of what's that in like there?
Tim Powers: Well I would say that those things related to markets are doing well, like automotive is doing quite well. We supply some equipment into locomotives, which is doing well. The slower part is the products we sell into the steel industry as steel prices have declined. So it's a little bit mix picture, the big systems and high voltage test equipment which are one [league] items that slowed because capital spending has been reduced by some of the global players. So you know it's kind of a mixed picture and you could almost look at end industry, so that the end industry is doing well, than our products are selling through well. 
Steve Tusa - JPMorgan: Right and then one last question from the end market perspective on the non-resi side. Obviously the ABI has been reasonably weak, employment is really not held up, do you see any chance that non-resi activity is actually down in 2013?
Tim Powers: Down in 2013?
Steve Tusa - JPMorgan: Yeah.
Tim Powers: That's a very good question, that's not how we are viewing it. Right now we are viewing a bottoming of let's say put in place, but where we are getting the business, good business right now is certainly the retrofit area, both replacing fluorescent and LEDs going in to replace traditional incandescent sources of light.
Steve Tusa - JPMorgan: Got you and then one last quick question just on balance sheet strategy. You know you guys are obviously have a great position on the balance sheet, I mean is there any thought you know whether its a accelerated buyback or a special dividend, more acquisitions you know maybe just update on the capital allocation priorities.
Tim Powers: Steve, we are continually evaluating our capital allocation, but at this point we see it as continuing at what we have historically done with our focus on investing in the business on CapEx, on paying our dividend and continually increasing it as conditions warrant, share repurchase to the extent of dilution and through equity rewards and there hasnt been much of that and acquisitions if the pipeline is active and likely and we see the acquisition pipeline being very robust. Obviously thats no guarantee of closing, but certainly there is a lot of opportunities and thats really our priority if that market opportunity exists. If it does and then we would tend to look more at other alternatives.
Operator: We will now go to the side of Jeff Sprague with Vertical Research Partners. Your line is now open.
Jeff Sprague - Vertical Research Partners: Thanks. Good morning, a lot of ground covered. I guess may be on your new product initiatives, are you seeing any traction yet thats notable particularly on the power side. I was thinking about the switchgear product line, you have been working on it. I dont know if thats in the market, if there is anything else thats going on in the portfolio that might be driving outgrowth versus kind of overall market trends?
Tim Powers: I would say we have a couple of categories of new product introductions. One is taking traditional products and making them smarter with a feedback loop. So the distribution, automation in the public utilities is something that they are spending money on and working toward, to improve the feedback loop in distribution line so they can deal better with outages and get restored service better. So we are producing things like cutouts and traditional items that are more automated with feedback loops than we have ever had before. We have a number of products where we are expanding the product line into areas that we havent had that are have been covered by competitors, so we have been in that space, weve been whittling away at those gaps as well as buying companies to fill them and were coming out with a couple I think of significant products probably next year, which are more for power lines to provide more utility feedback as to real time and what's going on in the environment. So there is a lot of development in several categories, we have a very high attention to that right now across all of our businesses and we can go on and talk almost business by business. So what were doing but there is a lot coming through the pipeline right now.
Jeff Sprague - Vertical Research Partners: And just thinking about kind of the general landscape, are you seeing any competitive opening around the edges for any distraction just or whatever Thomas & Betts and Cooper, you know they get through this phase of digesting by bigger players?
Tim Powers:  I would say, its too early to see any disturbances in any of these kinds of activities; it's looked upon very calmly by distributors. You know, its just too early for us to really have any comment about what's going on there. So there is no appearance of any unusual activity.
Jeff Sprague - Vertical Research Partners:  And you hired anyone, you know, a level or two down that you didnt see on the outside looking in from Thomas & Betts or Cooper in the last three to six months?
Tim Powers:  Nothing out of the ordinary. 
Jeff Sprague - Vertical Research Partners: And then just finally I was just wondering on product costs. You know, obviously you won't get some pressure on prices, costs thats coming down did that price cost gap narrow, you think, in Q3 or you have, you know, another quarter or so where its stable or may be even wider before price starts to catch up?
Bill Sperry:  Were not expecting it to get wider, but as we have been cautious in our guidance about margin, you have rapidly fluctuating commodities. For instance, oil has been down as well as like $82 or $81 and then in a week or so, its back up to $89. So we have lots of moving parts on that but generally speaking, we would expect price to diminish slowly and hopefully commodities to hold and give us a positive spread but probably at a decreasing rate.
Operator:  We will now go to the side of Brent Thielman with D.A. Davidson. Your line is now open.
Brent Thielman - D.A. Davidson & Company:  Just a quick question on the Power segment. Obviously, domestic transmission market has been robust, but youve seen similar strength on the international front and then as you talk about the acquisition pipeline either for this year, sort of beyond. Does that include some more expansion in that area?
Bill Sperry:  Let's discuss the international part of our business. It's mixed. So, in our Power business, we have a business in Brazil. We have some decent business in Brazil. It's not always as high as previous years. So its a little spotty there. We have some very good markets going on but I would say, all-in-all, its been better than 2011, whether it remain so with all the year turmoil in Europe and other places really the question of the second half. So we are just as cautious about those macro events as we can be and still keep our heads down and keep going. As far as acquisitions are concerned we have a variety of potential that includes some in the space of Power.
Brent Thielman - D.A. Davidson & Company: Okay, fair enough and the high voltage test business I think you obviously mentioned that we are starting to fit so any sense so to what markets are driving that rebound and then I was just curious historically what is being kind of the cancellation rate in that order book?
Tim Powers : We havent really seen we see very few cancellations and so what typically occurs is sometimes they try to delay in order and you know to give them more perhaps a corporation will try to move it out of the current year so the expenditures in the next year but there is advance payments and progress payments that go with this and it doesnt make it so easy to cancel the order without penalty. And the goods quite lumpy so that if fall behind a large order it could move your deliveries out more than a few weeks. So we have a great market position in that business and I think we are the standard of most transformer and cable manufactures in the world there.
Operator: We will now go to side of Mike Wood with Macquarie Capital. Your line is now open.
Mike Wood - Macquarie Capital: You mentioned the utility companies are spending above budget so far this year. Can you give some sense just the severity of that and have you yet seen the utility companies actually start to spend below what their budget is.
Bill Sperry: I mean, its really tough to quantify that, some of that information is just anecdotal from some of our customers, but its not at all surprising because we sort of expected that, they have an annual budget in fact they have the ability to spend earlier in the year just means its coming out of the latter part of the year and I think what also added to some of the volatility, uncertainty was the good news is it was warmer at the beginning of the year and therefore you could just see some of the construction work, the bad news is it was warmer at the beginning of the year so the meters werent turning, they werent generating the revenue so that caused them to be a little bit cautious.  I think the last couple of months of record heat, I think they are (inaudible) because the meters are spinning as Bill mentioned that's generating some revenue so that we think that's likely to at least for those who are holding back because of revenue concerns, they might start to release and those who were holding back because they were running up against the budget. I think that's just going to be a matter of the timing of the full year budget opportunities. So I think there's accommodation of some of the things that might have happened in the second half but it maybe we are hoping that it's offset by those things that will as a result of the normal weather.
Mike Wood - Macquarie Capital: Great and within lighting are you able to get the growth rates for the relighting or retrofit piece and the residential lighting component to the builders? 
Bill Sperry: Those are the areas of highest growth within the lighting sector but relight and the residential, yes.
Operator: We will now go to the site of Jeff Beach with Stifel Nicolaus. Your line is now open.
Jeff Beach - Stifel Nicolaus: I was going to ask about this strong growth in distribution. You've already cited at least a part of it being very hot weather; but looking out into the third quarter with orders, is there a pickup or acceleration of spending going on or is do you not have enough information to tell?
Tim Powers: We are not expecting there Jeff other than around storms and emergency repairs to be really a change in the spending pattern. I think we are more on the side of this goes hand in hand with revenue generation and they have been running a little behind and now they are getting caught up. So there could be a little bit more but this isn't a year of extra strong growth on the distribution side, its more in line with lower levels of spending increases and where we are experiencing better results have been on the transmission side so far.
Dave Nord: Jeff, not surprisingly that we saw this phenomenon in the Northeast last year that the storms between the hurricane and the winter storm and the market then becomes a lot more in tune to reliability of the grid and the infrastructure needs. You are hearing a lot about already from the Midwest and the Mid-Atlantic storms; you know the challenge is to the utilities. Unfortunately just like we've seen, so there could be opportunities going forward more in the 13 and 14 timeframe, but similarly what we've seen in the Northeast a lot of that spending is around not our products but really around [tree clearing] and other investments like that. But certainly, I think it always, these events always brings more attention to the reliability of the grid and I think there will be more emphasis and we think that certainly bodes well for the future.
Jeff Beach - Stifel Nicolaus: Two other questions on the power segment; one, can you estimate how much faster you think you are growing than your transmission and distribution markets combined; in other words taking market share and then when do you with the high growth thats been going on for a long time when do you think you would start to run up against capacity restraints?
Tim Powers: With respect to market share, its about in precise measurement right, but I would tell you that our delivery performance from our business unit and its lead times have never been better. So we have a very good market share; we are performing extremely well, weve had lots of the right things in stock when storms came along and Dave alluded to probably two-thirds of the business shift within 24 hours and over 90% within 48 hours. So its just we are hitting on cylinders there, but its arent for us to predict exactly what change there is in market share over any interim period of time maybe I look back for something at the end of this year we might be able to say a little bit more about that.
Jeff Beach - Stifel Nicolaus: And capacity or capacity issues?
Tim Powers: Capacity for us is when we are bumping up against something like that its usually adding the machine its not really the footprint. So we are making, you can see in our capital expenditures we are investing in casting and molding and metal cutting and things like that to modernize and increase our ability to convert to products within our existing facility. So were not running into that kind of CapEx look forward that we would say we need to expand our footprint.
Operator:  We will now go to the site of Carter Shoop with KeyBanc. Your line is open.
Carter Shoop - KeyBanc: Thank you. Congratulations on a good quarter guys. First question on the lighting sector, can we talk in a little more detail and maybe quantify some of the pricing pressure that youre seeing over the past several months as we turn this in more to LEDs? And as a follow up question on the LED transition, can you talk about how this transition is impacting the way you guys account for inventory obsolescence in lighting and some of the incandescent and fluorescent fixtures, end of the life maybe a little bit faster than some people are expecting and LED products tend to have much shorter shelf life I guess than traditional fixtures?
Tim Powers:  Let me take that inventory obsolescence discussion first. More than two-thirds of the business in lighting is [mix order]; but we really dont have lots of inventory seeing around to support incandescent product lines, and so our exposure to the change of mix in that is quite low. So we would be buying ballasts and lamps for the traditional sources of light and the older products, more on a make to order basis with very small amounts of inventory in working process. So its an easier transition than you might think on the C&I side. Not that there isnt inventory face-out challenges that are larger than in a traditional way, but its not as much inventory in finish goods and lighting as there are in some of our other businesses. So we dont really think thats a big problem and what was the other part of the question?
Carter Shoop - KeyBanc: The transition to LEDs and how thats impacting the pricing environments in lighting; how are your new competitors come in and may be turn it on -- can you quantify that a little bit?
Tim Powers: Yeah really we are coming down a price curve that reflects the lower cost of the components going into LED lighting so we have shown that before where light output is rising and cost of chips and other components are declining adding to the value proposition for customers, lowering prices, but our margins as a percent of total sales have remained fairly constant. Its more of a challenge on that side of building a batch of product and then using it up and then building a different model thats more attractive, more light output. So its more like computer, circuit boards, more like that kind of business than our traditional business has been. As far as price pressure in the market, it has more to do with the weakness in new construction and therefore the level of competition that exist for fewer jobs and I would say thats just a generalized market condition that you would expect as you are nearing a rapid trough of recession in the non-residential construction; I think its not specific to the introduction of new technologies.
Carter Shoop - KeyBanc: A follow-up question on the transmission side, when we start to think about 2013 with Latin America slowing down a little bit and in the US and some of the wind and solar projects slowing down. How should investors start to think about transmission growth in 13 to the industry, its kind of flattish a good way to think about it or maybe a few points down, a few points up?
Tim Powers: I would still think we are looking at a growing market, despite the general economic conditions in the short run, but some of these projects are years and years in the making and if you get the green light with all the hassle that there is through each approval and the length of construction that the time that there is almost all of these are going to go forward. It has more impact on years further out I believe; if there is a continuing economic slowdown it might affect I think years out farther than 13.
Operator: And today that finishes your questions.
Jim Farrell: We are up at the 11 o'clock so thanks everyone for joining us. Bill Sperry and I are certainly available for the rest of the day should anyone have any follow-up questions. So thank you again.
Operator:  This does conclude today's program. You may disconnect at any time.

===== 2012 Q1  (2012-04-19 10:00:00) =====
Executives: James M. Farrell  Director of Investor Relations. Timothy H. Powers  Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer David G. Nord  Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
Analysts:  Brent Thielman  D. A. Davidson & Co. Scott Davis  Barclays Capital Christopher Glynn  Oppenheimer C. Stephen Tusa Jr.  J.P. Morgan Jeffrey Sprague  Vertical Research Partners Jeffery Beach  Stifel Nicolaus Deepa Raghavan  Wells Fargo Securities  
Operator: Good day, everyone. Welcome to the Hubbell Incorporated first quarter 2012 earnings conference call. As a reminder, today's call is being recorded. For opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Jim Farrell. Please go ahead sir.
James M. Farrell: Good morning everyone, and thank you for joining us. I am here today with Tim Powers, our Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; Dave Nord, our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Bill Sperry, our Vice President of Corporate Strategy and Development. Hubbell announced its first quarter results for 2012 this morning. The press release and earnings slide materials have been posted to the Investor site of our, investor section of our website at www.hubbell.com. Please note that our comments this morning may include statements related to the expected future results of our company and are therefore forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Therefore, please note the discussion of forward-looking statements in our press release and considered incorporated by reference into this call. In addition, comments made here also include some non-GAAP financial measures. Those measures are reconciled to the comparable GAAP measures, and are included in the press release in the earnings slide materials. Now let me turn the call over to Tim.
Timothy H. Powers:  Thank you, Jim. Welcome everyone and thank you for joining us this morning. Im very pleased to report our strong first quarter results. Our sales, operating profits and earnings per share, all showed healthy increases compared to the first quarter of 2011. Now let me turn it over to Dave for more color on the quarter, and our outlook for the remainder of 2012. Dave?
David G. Nord:  All right. Thanks, Tim. Good morning, everybody. Thanks for joining us. I'm going to start on page 3 on the accompanying materials. From the quarter, were very pleased with the strong start to the year with net sales up 10%, really with some broad-based growth across our businesses. Particularly higher demand in our utility business led by transmission projects, industrial market, strong led by higher industrial production and increased activity in the energy markets, a little weakness on the new construction spending, but offset by higher demand on the renovation market. So, all in all very good growth there, and within our growth was also the benefit of our price and acquisition, so quarter growth up 7%. Operating margin of 14.1% was up 140 basis points, big contributor to that was not only the volume increase and the incrementals, but what we are pleased has continued favorable price in excess commodity costs that we first saw in the fourth quarter. So all thats giving us a very nice earnings per share of $1.05 of 28% from the first quarter of last year. Let me get into more specifics on individual alliance. First, let's talk about the sales side, sales of $723.8 million up 10% as I said; weve got a lot of positives in our end markets even in the non-residential renovation and relight. New construction side, still slow to recover and certainly being negatively impacted by the lower spending in the public sector. The industrial side, industrial production or extractive industries all very positive, the one market thats down for us that we anticipated was our high voltage test equipment in the quarter. Utility side, good growth across the board, transmission, distribution as well as international and even on the residential side, good market growth there, largely attributable to the very strong increases that the market has seen on multi-family housing. So, all in all, very good, very good performance on the sales side. Let's turn and I turn the page to page five and so well look at the gross margin, certainly that volume is help to contribute to a gross margin improvement of 110 basis points, but weve also had good performance on the price side with price in excess of commodity costs in the quarter nearly offsetting the negative that we experienced in all of 2011. But there is more to go along with that and Ill talk to that in a bit. On the selling and administrative side, continue to focus on the S&A side working the volume leverage. But of course, this is the area that is most impacted by some of the cost headwinds that we noted last quarter and in our investor meeting particularly around pension and benefits, which ends up costing us probably 30 or 40 basis points on that line, but otherwise we think very good performance on the selling and administrative side. So all of that leading to our operating profit of $101.7 million up 22% and up a 140 basis points both from the gross margin improvement as well as the S&A improvement. If I turn to some of the other P&L line items on page seven. Our other expense of $7.1 million down about $2.5 million from the first quarter of last year its largely attributable to the FX losses that we experienced in the first quarter of last year are not repeating in the first quarter of this year, and net interest expense running comparable to last year. For the tax rate in the quarter 32.8% it's up a little bit from our full year expectation, because some of our tax planning strategies come into play later in the year. The big driver to the increase year-over-year of course is the lack of the R&D tax credit renewal, so this year were facing that headwind, currently, no expectation that that will resolve itself until certainly later this year. And the question will be whether it can even get addressed in that period post-election before year-end. I think theres a lot thats going to fall into that period. So until then we are operating on the basis that it wont be renewed. So were focusing on a 32.5% tax rate, certainly trying to do better, if we can find ways to do that. So all of that turning to the next page net income of $63.2 million, up 26%, big contributor to that being the improved operating profit, the benefit of the lower FX losses in the higher tax rates. And that then contributing to our earnings per diluted share of $1.5 up 28% from last year's $0.82, helping out the earnings per share is also a slightly lower average share count from the first quarter of last year. The first quarter of this year average share count was $59.9 million. We bought back in the quarter interestingly 549,000 shares consistent with our ongoing strategy to offset dilution from shares under equity issuance. So the quarter we ended the month of March with a share count of $59.7 million, so all in all a very excellent start to the year. If I get down into the segment level, lets first talk about the Electrical segment results on page nine and you see there reporting sales of $505 million up $39 million or 8% with really broad-based increases across the business.  Core volume up 5% with acquisitions adding two points and price a point. And really to say, weve got broad-based improvement our Electrical systems products was up low double-digits, even the lighting business was up low single-digits largely due to the strength of the residential lighting business although the C&I lighting products was up low double-digits really because of the relight and retrofit volume there. Operating profit of $63.8 million up 11%, 20 basis points higher sales contributing to that, the incrementals on that volume and were typically running in the mid 20% range and thats pretty much what we saw. Price was in excess of commodity cost in the segment, but this is a place where were also dealing with the higher inflationary cost particularly pension and benefits, which so far in the year those costs are in excess of our productivity. Typically, our strategy is to try to offset inflationary cost pressures with productivity initiatives. Our productivity initiatives are running consistent with what they have for the last several years, but the inflationary cost pressures particularly on the benefit side have been a little bit higher. So were hoping that the and working to maintain a positive price commodity cost to help offset that as we go through the year, as we try to manage those cost down and identify and implement more productivity gains. But for the quarter thats really part of the story within the Electrical segment. All of the businesses within that segment and all of the product groups running positive as I said except for the high voltage test equipment, but otherwise very good performance with strong sales and profit. The Power segment business, very positive performance there continuing the trend, they experienced for most of last year, sales up 14%, price contributing about two points of that increase. So the core volume of 12% really across the board strength in transmission, international growth and even higher distribution spending in that business, the operating profit more importantly of 37.9 million up 46% to 17.3%. Very good year-over-year improvement, but we got to keep in mind that the first quarter of last year was a particularly low quarter as that was the peak of their negative price cost comparison and also last year started off much slower on the order side and that picked up as the year went on. So the easiest compare of the quarter but certainly were very pleased with the improvement and with 17% margin business in the first quarter. So all in all, very good performance in the Power segment but really across the board. Let me turn now to cash flow. On the cash flow side, free cash flow generation in the quarter of $33.7 million, little more than half of net income. Obviously, thats not at the level that we target for the year.  But the first quarter is our seasonally lowest quarter based on activity, based on the expenditure and payment of year-end accrued amounts particularly on the customer incentive side. And what we also experienced in the first quarter of this year is a little bit of build in the inventory and really around two reasons little more than $10 million there. And really for two reasons, one is, rebuilding some of the inventory that was liquidated, if you recall we had a very strong shipment quarter at the end of last year as a lot of the orders received in the second and third quarter got scheduled for delivery in the fourth quarter.  So, took down the inventory, as well as some intentional build of inventory in anticipation of continued market growth this year. So all very much planned, very well managed and were very pleased with the performance. Our CapEx had a $11 million is very much on track with our expectations for this year, the decline from last year, you recall we had the purchase of a building in our operation in Switzerland last year for $13 million. So adjusting for that our CapEx investment starting the year was actually a little bit higher than last year and I think, Ive mentioned in the past were targeting that adjusted for that building acquisition will be up about 25% in our investment in CapEx.  So, ongoing good performance on our cash flow, our working capital continues to improve year-over-year, a lot of focus on improving that whereas we had a very strong fourth quarter on a trade working capital basis but finishing the first quarter at 17.9% with improvement in our receivables outstanding, our payables performance, offsetting with the inventory build as anticipated.  So, good focus on there, all that leading to the good cash generation, if I turn to capital structure, you'll see we finished the quarter with $562 million in cash, actually a little bit down from year-end despite that free cash flow generation of a little over $30 million, we had some share buyback, we had our dividend and Ill note that as a reminder that we actually increased our dividend in February again by 8% bringing us to $1.64 annual basis. And we also had a small acquisition one of our two acquisitions so far this year for about $11 million. In the first quarter, weve actually added another acquisition as mentioned in the release that closed last week that was a $42 million acquisition also in the Electrical segment. And I think Tim will talk a little bit more about that later on. So all of that talks about how we did in the quarter. Let me talk a little bit about what that means going forward for the rest of this year. We obviously started the year with caution and conservatism and I think the performance in the first quarter has given us more confidence in how the year is going to shake out and so when we look at four end markets, we certainly think three of the four have improved, since the January call and even in our investor meeting. There is some element of volatility I think thats been created with weather, the strong weather, the very warm weather has I think impacted some of the profile of spending particularly in the construction related businesses, I think, I mentioned that we saw January and February better than expected, better than historically experienced.  And I think that somewhat attributable to the ability to do some of the construction activities out in the market and I think others have said that and I think we see that even in some of the market analysis that comes out particularly when were looking at new housing starts and other areas that may have slowed in March from the January and February levels, but still at very good level, so its made forecasting a little bit more of a challenge, but certainly the bias is all for the upside. If we go around our markets, first on the utility side, were looking at that market being up 5% to 7%, thats about a point better than we thought couple of months ago. On the residential side, also were looking at 5% to 7% growth up two to five points from what we thought before. Obviously, still a small part of the business so not as bigger contributor, but I think all of the signs are a slow and steady pace of growth, not the multi-family providing a lot of energy early on, but the single-family starting to get more traction, and that goes well for if not later this year into 2013 and 2014. The non-residential side the one market that we still think is going to be low single-digits in the 1% to 3% range. The relight retrofit energy efficiency side of that market still remained expected to stay strong. The private sector is just slowly improving, and marginally offsetting the weaker public sector. So, thats one that were not seeing great strength, Im not expecting great strength this year, but certainly is positioning well to have good growth next year. And lastly, on the industrial side, also thats an area that we think probably has more opportunity and market growth and we think theres a couple of points better growth in that market, than we originally thought, so weve moved our assumption there up to 4% to 6%. So all of that leading to end-market growth as we measure our end-markets at the 3% to 5% range. And certainly Id say the bias were hoping will be more likely toward that high end of that range. So, how does that play out to the segments? We turn to page first on the Power segment, looking at that overall segment to put up 7% to 9% sales growth, thats about a point better than we thought last quarter. And thats partially due to, largely due to the market maintaining our thoughts on pricing there. On the Electrical side, moving that up two points to 5% to 7% reported growth and thats due to combination of stronger market dynamics, as well as the impact of the acquisitions that we have closed this year that we think will give another point of growth. So when you put that all together, we are looking at overall sales growth of 6% to 8% thats up from our prior guidance of 4% to 6%. So we put that all together we are looking at the sales up 6% to 8%, our margin expectations continue to be approximately 50 basis points. Obviously, the first quarter performance, would suggest that there is opportunity to do better than that, but remind you a couple of things first the first quarter comparison was the easiest. Secondly, recall in the investor meeting in last month, that Tim commented that you know, our objective is to improve our margins 50 basis points a year for the next three years. And so were looking at this on a multi year basis and may have some opportunities to and needs to make some investments and productivity to setup for the continuation of that margin improvement. Free cash flow certainly still on track expected to equal net income, and as I mentioned before our tax rate at 32.5%. So solid start to the year and were on track to deliver strong financial performance again in 2012. So with that, let me turn it back to Tim for some concluding comments.
Timothy H. Powers: Okay, thanks Dave. Just to kind of summarize where we are in our markets for 2012, its consistent with what we said going into 2012, and what we said again in our investor meeting that the market trends in the industrial and utility areas of our business continued to be strong, but not as much of an increase as there was in 2011 over '10. I think the positive development is that the residential market, we believe its beginning to move in a positive way and that could help us certainly over the near-term. I would also comment that certainly the external world market and the volatility surrounding Europe is something that we all have to keep an eye on, but were not acting in any different way at this moment. Were continuing with our focus towards the areas we can improve in our business and just keeping the watchful eye on developments outside of our control. Just to talk a little bit more about capital deployment, we have a certainly a very sharp focus on increasing our investment in new product development, certainly around areas where technology is changing that is new resources of light, new types of control of lighting, certainly areas where intelligence can be added and feedback loops added to some of our products for instances in the smart grid. And this has led to the need for us to shorten the life cycle of our traditional products and invest more in a shorter time period in several categories of our businesses. If you look at where weve been investing outside in terms of acquisitions, we completed two acquisitions in the fourth quarter, one in the first quarter and just completed another one, now none of these in total are huge, but on the other hand they are important little additions for us and we think we paid somewhere in the area six times EBITDA for this an we believe that its contribution to volume and to margin will be accretive to Hubbell going forward. So, what we would like to make larger deals and we're very much looking to do that, there is some, there are some out there and its just dependent on the traditional things that affect those transactions which are, willing seller and something that allows us enough space to add value to it in our portfolio. So I think Dave said the right thing here, reiterating the Investor Day is were trying to grow the total volume of Hubbell and at the same time, were trying to add 50 basis points of margin to our business and we know that that margin addition will not come exactly at 50 basis points a year, last year we came up 20 basis points short perhaps this year we'll do a little better, what happens to volatile materials cost and we dont have this clear view on the second half of 2012, yet to be more confident to say more. So we are continuing with our game plan, our strategy is set, we think were pretty clear about 2012 at this point and very focused on getting those jobs done. So with that, at this point, wed be happy to take more questions from you.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from Brent Thielman with D.A. Davidson.
Brent Thielman  D. A. Davidson & Co.: Hi, good morning.
Timothy H. Powers: Good morning.
David G. Nord: Good morning.
Brent Thielman  D. A. Davidson & Co.: Yeah, just a question on the, I guess activity in the high voltage business in the first quarter, any sort of signs of a rebound there as you work through Q2? 
Timothy H. Powers: I would say the, we have a lot of possibilities, but this is a business where you need to have book the orders lets say on the large systems six to nine months ago. And we understood that this first quarter would be a little lower than the previous year. The demand, world demand is out there for these products, the 800 KVA the DC transmission of high voltage current, all reasons why the demand for these products and demand for transformer and cable facilities will continue. So we are optimistic that particularly 2013 will look better. Right now, were expecting our 2012 to be in line with our guidance, which is good, but not at peak levels where it has been before.
David G. Nord: I think Id also add that, that is the business one of our most volatile because its so project oriented and so, volatility in both the order patterns as well as the delivery patterns. And so you get between quarters, you can get some big swings. 
Brent Thielman  D. A. Davidson & Co.: Okay, thats helpful. And then you mentioned obviously prices down in excess of commodity costs at this point. Can you talk a little bit broadly about sort of opportunity for new price increases this year?
Timothy H. Powers: I would say you have to look back when you talk about price versus cost as you remember most of our businesses and particularly power were running more cost less price last year until the very end. And now I would describe where we are is somewhat in a period of catching up. We are raising prices in some categories in the industrial area in selected categories in our utility business, where if you look on a year-over-year basis the cost of materials is higher and particularly the cost of energy is higher than it was. In the categories, where market conditions are weak its not impossible to get price its just more difficult.
Brent Thielman  D. A. Davidson & Co.: Okay, thanks guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from Christopher Glynn with Oppenheimer.
Christopher Glynn  Oppenheimer: Thanks, good morning.  
David G. Nord: Good morning.
Timothy H. Powers: Good morning, Chris.
Christopher Glynn  Oppenheimer: Dave I had a question about the Electrical incrementals, I think you mentioned running in the mid 20s range, but I calculate more mid-teens, were you adjusting out the pension and benefits inflation there?
David G. Nord: Yes, yes.
Christopher Glynn  Oppenheimer: Okay.
David G. Nord: I was just looking at their volume but thats really one of the challenges there across the business but particularly in the Electrical segment, with some of the cost headwinds, pension being one, but also some of the other costs and areas of investment and it wouldnt be surprised that some of that hits the Electrical segment particularly the lighting business where youre making some investments on the technology side.
Christopher Glynn  Oppenheimer: Okay, great, thanks. And then Tim, I was wondering if you look at put in place is a leading indicator for your non-res and if there is a lag you think about that? Because we are noticing the public level off in that number and the private sort of accelerating?
Timothy H. Powers: Yes, weve talked about that before and we think the government stimulus spending on public buildings and the ability for state governments to raise money to continue to spend is declining, that whole category is declining and the good news for us is were beginning to see and it is just the beginning of the private sector increasing their investment. So for me these are the very, very early signs of the beginning of a turn in non-res. But I dont know want to over sell it like in the next quarter or two youre going to see an improving non-res market I think were bottoming, I think certainly what helps us is the relight and retrofit category which the payback numbers get better and better. So, I think thats our short-term benefit.
Christopher Glynn  Oppenheimer: On the relight, do you have any big national accounts of approaching any end of life programs or end of life of programs or any dynamics like that over the next few quarters?
Timothy H. Powers:  We are doing business with some of the largest customers that there are in this space. The people that own their buildings and facilities and we are doing extremely well with them. So were very pleased with our retrofit and relight business and also the continued growth of our LED lighting business. So those are all chugging along at very healthy growth rates.
Christopher Glynn  Oppenheimer: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rich Kwas with Wells Fargo.
Deepa Raghavan  Wells Fargo Securities: Hello.
Timothy H. Powers: Hello.
Deepa Raghavan  Wells Fargo Securities: Hi, this is Deepa Raghavan Im filling in for Rich Kwas. How are you today?
Timothy H. Powers: Good thanks.
Deepa Raghavan  Wells Fargo Securities: Hey, one quick question, you this is on acquisitions in the Electrical segment. I know you did not mention it under your operating margins section for electricals but have your acquisitions been dilutive in this current quarter and when do you expect it to be, if they are when do you expect it to really start being accretive?
David G. Nord: The acquisition impact in the quarter was neutral, they werent dilutive in total. There are some that is better, some that are worse, but overall, they were neutral with margins.
Deepa Raghavan  Wells Fargo Securities: Okay. And my next question, would be do you expect operating margins to follow kind of like the same seasonality or like it did last year on Electrical segment, or will it be better?
David G. Nord: Well, we would hope to have better margins in every quarter but certainly that the seasonality is a pattern that we cant avoid with construction season so second and third quarter will give higher volume which generally give high margins, but I dont expect any significant change from historic pattern.
Deepa Raghavan  Wells Fargo Securities: Okay, thank you. Appreciate it, thats all I had.
Timothy H. Powers: Okay.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Tusa with JP Morgan.
C. Stephen Tusa Jr.  J.P. Morgan:  Hey, good morning.
David G. Nord: Good morning.
Timothy H. Powers: Hey, good morning, Steve.
C. Stephen Tusa Jr.  J.P. Morgan: On the price cost, I am not sure if you answered this, but obviously a favorable number here in the first quarter, does that, is that kind of stable throughout the course of the rest of the year, does that kind of go down from here that spread? Or how do you think about that going forward?
Timothy H. Powers: I think the spread, tends to go down because its a year-over-year comparison, its still positive but in the diminishing amount, but obviously that, and there is two dynamics that we focus on there, one is trying to hold that the price increases and make sure that we maintain that and as I have talked about in the past thats not always as easy as when commodity cost moderate. So were carefully watching that. The other is always the volatility on the commodity cost and I think, youve got a dynamic that for example if copper stayed its current level, while its positive over last year, but the fourth quarter it would be negative because you had a big drop.
C. Stephen Tusa Jr.  J.P. Morgan: Right.
Timothy H. Powers: So the quarterly compares are a little more volatile, but right now we see that being positive throughout the year just at a diminishing amount.
C. Stephen Tusa Jr.  J.P. Morgan: So is this better than you expected three months ago or for the whole year or kind of in line with your expectations?
Timothy H. Powers: The price cost is a little bit better than we expected. Started the year a little bit better thankfully, but were still trying to navigate that other inflationary cost headwinds as I mentioned that we would typically cover with productivity, but the magnitude this year, were trying to hold price to offset that as well.
C. Stephen Tusa Jr.  J.P. Morgan: Right. And then some of the dynamics just on commercial construction activity, I mean is there - are there any ray of hopes that 13 is a better year? Is there anything that makes you worried at this point in the cycle it should be doing better or is this, just an area where, its kind of tracking as you would expect from a cyclical perspective?
Timothy H. Powers:  I think were looking at a long slow turn just as weve seen in the residential side of the business. And the impediments to improvements are similar to what they are on the residential side. There is a need to refinance a lot of debt on the non-residential side. So, I think it will continue to trial the uptick in the residential market by 12 to 18 months as it always has and if the length and duration of this recession are continue to be what they are I would say it would be closer to the 18 months. So there is a hopeful sign on the residential side and I think what were seeing is that little bit of swing back to the private investments on the non-res side, which to me is something that is a precursor to an improving market.
C. Stephen Tusa Jr.  J.P. Morgan: Right. Thanks appreciate the info.
Timothy H. Powers:  Okay thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Scott Davis with Barclays Capital.
Scott Davis  Barclays Capital: Hi good morning guys.
Timothy H. Powers:  Good morning.
David G. Nord:  Hi, Scott.
Scott Davis  Barclays Capital:  Tim, I want to ask kind of a big picture question its just related to international business. How do you think about the importance of scale there and I think part of the context of my question is that if you look at one of the reasons why Thomas & Betts shows this all, their sale was kind of lack of international distribution, or just lack of scale, I should say. And how important is it in your particular markets and if its important in, do you have it or do not have it or how can you get there, I think many questions in one, but if you can address that please?
Timothy H. Powers: Sure, well if you depends if youre focusing on the entire electrical business or youre focusing on the parts that we operate in, which is connectors and components and roughly about half of the market. So within this space we operate in, we feel because were focused on the North American market that we have ample scale to succeed and while we have a lot of opportunity to grow in that market and we said wed love to be twice the size of what were in North America and we feel the advantages of that accrued to stronger position in the channel and so on. We are quite comfortable where we are and the fact that were not spread over the world at our size is a good thing and this is a business that is primarily driven by North American Standards, the products are primarily made within the market and sold within the market. And so we see ourselves as the second largest producer in North America in our space. So we think, we have a number of economic advantages, were quite pleased to continue to grow, the way we are and there is two areas that we would like to grow worldwide, and that would be the harsh and hazardous businesses and our utility business. And our utility business we have North American Standards, and we would love to have the IEC type products in the same product range to go with it and in the harsh and as it is you have also two standards and we would love to have the European, more of the European Standards in our basket of products but I believe we are well positioned in the space were in, in a part of the electrical business that is primarily a local business. And I think we have the scale to succeed and grow exactly where we are. So were quite comfortable with our position and we think were focused in the right areas of growth and staying within that component and connector space in the core markets we know.
Scott Davis  Barclays Capital: Sure, it makes sense. Again another big picture question so I think everyone has asked the nitpicky stuff by now but, when you think about kind of the future in this business and the changes in distribution is does it become more important to have a broader product line in scale showing the distribution I mean is there, is there a greater interest in some of your distribution or your distribution partners to have less suppliers and have you carry a broader product portfolio? And then kind of part of my question is, too, youre seeing with some distributors you know increasing the amount of private label product and such and again how do you combat, how do you combat that type of a trend
Timothy H. Powers: Sure
Scott Davis  Barclays Capital: So two questions there, but
Timothy H. Powers: Weve always said that we are focused on being a brand oriented company and what is important to distributors as they have those powerful brands that mean something to industrial or non-residential construction consumers of the products. So why you can grow your breadth of your product, you need to grow with the key brands that are important in our marketplace. So we are always after those names that add to our portfolio as we were, when we purchased Burndy that was a tremendous acquisition from the point of view that it made our lineup more attractive to distributors because it was Burndy not just because it was anybody. It was the market leading position in a space in the connector and component business. There will always be a place on the other hand for low cost imports at those places in the market, where it is a price only feature, lowly valued space. I dont see that winning any more market share than it has in the past. Because most manufacturers in our space have added our products that compete with those low first price product. So its important about what you add to your lineup rather than just be bigger.
Scott Davis  Barclays Capital:  Okay, just quickly for Dave, I wanted to get a sense of if the LIFO accounting helped you this quarter, and if you can quantify that at all?
David Nord:  There was no real impact there, this quarter.
Scott Davis  Barclays Capital:  Okay, all right. Thanks guys.
Operator: 
 :
 :
 :
Jeffrey Sprague  Vertical Research Partners: Thank you. Good morning everybody.
Timothy Powers:  Good morning, Jeff.
Jeffrey Sprague  Vertical Research Partners:  Good morning. Tim can you just provide a little bit more color on kind of the nature and scope of the transmission project that you are involved in, and kind of you know what I am thinking is there common thread renewables interconnects around the 1,000 or some other kind of clear underlying trend thats driving the business?
Timothy Powers: I would say there is a couple of themes that continue in the marketplace. Certainly the renewables one for wind and energy is not built out yet, and has a number of key projects to go before the projects that are currently finished today have been completed. And there are still a number of solar projects on a drawing board and for which now we would expect to win some of the anchor business that goes underlying the solar panels. So that trend is continuing as long as theres some subsidy and support for the cause disadvantage. So thats one category. The second one is, sort of what I recall the FERC demanding more safety and reliability and better percentage chance of power reliability in bad weather. And they have come down on the industry around compliance with their rules and regulation. And so they are out, the utilities are out testing their lines. They are out replacing some of them when either the capacity is not adequate or the amount of power that can be brought to a city is not totally redundant. So were getting that, I would call adjust the grid category. And then adjacent mergers between utilities are creating demand for the inner connectivity in a bigger footprint. So we are talking to utilities about how they better utilize an expanded footprint of power generation so that they can get power from one side to the other of their newly expanded geography. And then another category is kind of the creation of these transmission businesses, with a guaranteed rate of return that allows them to make investments, they could not have made in the past. So we are getting some power lines built that have long been needed but because they are the focus of a transmission entity, some of these are going ahead, whereas they may or may not have been in the priority in the hands of the entire public utilities. So those are the kind of budgets of demand that we see right now and we are encouraged with the early start on that for 2012, and we see still a long pipeline of projects that are anticipated to move forward. And we will know we believe in the second quarter, this is when we have some early releases. So we will see in the second quarter if this develops into a stronger year than we anticipate or exactly how it plays out. But usually you get three to six months lead time for our products, so any things determining are the gating item on that are getting the right-of-way and clearing the right-of-way. So kind of thats a long answer on the transmission business. But generally positive and could be better than we expect.
Jeffrey Sprague  Vertical Research Partners:  Thats long answer, and exactly what I was looking for, I appreciate that. And the 2% pricing is obviously nothing to sneeze at all, but is there any particular products areas that are getting type from a commodity availability standpoint or anything production capabilities to deliver on that potentially could further drive and inflection and price positive.
Timothy H. Powers:  Id say materials are readily available with a couple of exceptions, I would say the industrial usage of silver in some of our products is somewhat an issue Rare earth as it pertains to the entire electrical business is expensive. And not always easy to find, but generally speaking there is a very good availability of materials and nothing that I would point to that impairs our ability to deliver more product even though in some cases, we are having to invest in machinery and equipment to expand individual product categories we still have ample room in our plan to do more. And we would love to do it, we have more capacity on second on third shifts. And so were more than happy to accommodate an increasing and healthier market. 
Jeffrey Sprague  Vertical Research Partners: Okay, and just back on this deal you characterized it as small but I think, I think it was $42 million just thrown out so that is not tiny obviously. Give us a little more color on what it is you actually just brought.
Timothy H. Powers:  Sure. Its a product line called JMAC, it is a outdoor weather proof boxes, it is a similar category to our Bell brand that goes with RACO. It will sell to DIY and electrical distributors. Its got significant intellectual property with the number of patterns around these product lines. And we think that its a very nice addition to our box and fittings business, which we have not added on to for a long time. So were very pleased with that we think there is an opportunity to leverage it although again its relatively small addition, but very we look upon it very positively.
Jeffrey Sprague  Vertical Research Partners: And then just finally was there any meaningful FX impact in any of the segments in the quarter? I guess no, but
David G. Nord: No, nothing meaningful, yeah.
Jeffrey Sprague  Vertical Research Partners: All right, thanks a lot guys.
David G. Nord: Okay.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeff Beach with Stifel Nicolaus. 
Jeffery Beach  Stifel Nicolaus: Good morning, Tim and Dave.
Timothy H. Powers: Good morning, Jeff.
David G. Nord: Good morning, Jeff.
Jeffery Beach  Stifel Nicolaus: Hi, I have a question on the Power segment or couple of questions. Can you give us an idea of the distribution growth and whether that trend is in spending is strengthening. And then on the international side of the business, what are the drivers in which countries or regions are the most important to you in the international side?
Timothy H. Powers: Sure. I think some of our improved business in distribution maybe the good weather that allow more crews to be out and about. Weve seen the necessity as I explained on the transmission side for utilities to improve the reliability also on the distribution side. I'm not putting any big positive effort for thoughts behind them changing their spending pattern relative to electrical consumption. But they know there is areas, where they need to improve reliability and I believe there is spending on that. The international part is certainly first keyed round transmission lines. So if you look and weve talked about, Brazil as one area, where there are some large projects actually happening to bring power from the northern areas of Brazil down to the large cities in the south. Some of those power lines are 2,000 miles long and will lead to large quotations on transmission type products that we supply. Asia is another category another area with a rapidly growing population and rapidly expanding cities. And getting the power into those cities is an ever more are pressing need. So, it would be the transmission that leads it. And rural electrification would be kind of secondary one. So Brazil has spent and is spending money to get more electricity to the areas that havent had itself on a country-by-country basis that can be a factor also.
Jeffrey Beach  Stifel Nicolaus:  Hi, and as a follow-up question, just to be sure did you say that youve purchased 549,000 shares in the first quarter.
Timothy H. Powers:  Yes.
Jeffrey Beach  Stifel Nicolaus: Okay. Thank you.
Operator:  Excuse me. (Operator Instructions). Our next question comes from Mike Wood with Macquarie.
Unidentified Analyst:  Hey, guys, this is Adam in for Mike. Quick question on lighting business, can you went through, kind of overall growth again and kind of by segment in terms of relight, retrofit versus new construction or project?
Timothy H. Powers:  Ill give you a couple of thesis there. The overall business was up low single digits, really driven by the residential market in the multi-family, C&I business that was obviously lower the relight, retrofit as we try to capture it in the businesses that we have that focus on that either specifically or if you look at the products, that was continuing at the 20% growth rates that we have been experiencing. So that would tell you that the other parts of the C&I business were flat to slightly down.
Unidentified Analyst: Thanks guys.
Operator: It appears, there are no further questions at this time. Id like to turn the conference back over to management for any additional or closing remarks.
Timothy H. Powers:  Okay, wed like to thank everyone again for joining us this morning, certainly if there are any follow up questions, you can reach out Bill Sperry or I, will be around today and tomorrow if there are any follow ups. So thank you again for joining us.
Operator: This concludes todays conference. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2011 Q4  (2012-01-26 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Jim Farrell  Director, IR Tim Powers  Chairman, President and CEO Dave Nord  SVP and CFO Bill Sperry  VP, Corporate Strategy and Development
Analysts: Christopher Glynn  Oppenheimer Rich Kwas  Wells Fargo Securities Steve Tusa  JP Morgan Scott Davis  Barclays Capital Jeff Beach  Stifel Nicolaus Brent Thielman  D.A. Davidson Mike Wood  Macquarie Capital
Operator: Good day, everyone and welcome to the Hubbell Incorporated Fourth Quarter Results Conference Call. As a reminder, todays call is being recorded. Now for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Jim Farrell. Please go ahead, sir.
Jim Farrell: Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us. I am here today with Tim Powers, our Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; Dave Nord, our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Bill Sperry, our Vice President of Corporate Strategy and Development. Hubbell announced its fourth quarter and full year results for 2011 this morning. The press release and earnings slide materials have been posted to the investor section of our website at www.hubbell.com. Please note that our comments this morning may include statements related to the expected future results of our company and are therefore forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Therefore, please note the discussion of forward-looking statements in our press release and consider it incorporated by reference into this call. In addition, comments made here also include some non-GAAP financial measures. Those measures are reconciled to comparable GAAP measures and are included in the press release and the earnings slide materials. Now, let me turn the call over to Tim.
Tim Powers: Thank you Jim. Welcome everyone and thank you for joining us this morning. As we typically do on these calls, I will provide you with some overview commentary on the results we announced this morning, and then Dave will provide you with a more detailed discussion of our financial performance. I will then share my perspective on the outlook for 2012 and then we will open up the calls for your questions. I will refer to the presentation materials that you can find on our website, and I will start on page 3. I am very pleased to report that we finished 2011 on a strong note. Our sales increased by 16% with both segments reporting double-digit increases. We reported operating margins of 14.8% which represents a 60 basis point improvement versus last years fourth quarter. Our margin improvement was due primarily to the higher volume and importantly we were successful in offsetting commodity cost increases with pricing actions. We experienced over normal seasonal pattern of incoming orders, where the fourth quarter slows down sequentially after the third, but exhibiting strong growth year-over-year. The utility market remained strong led by demand for transmission products; the industrial market was also strong lead by our businesses selling into the energy markets. The new construction spending in the US non-residential market was weak, but was offset by demand for renovation and relight projects. That were seeing building owner operators make the decision to retrofit their facilities due to the savings in energy and maintenance, and very short paybacks. On the residential side, single family housing remained soft, while stronger demand for multiple family housing projects has provided some offset. The quarter contained some highlights that are worthy of note. First we were able to overcome the upward pressure from commodity cost increases with price actions to create a tailwind for the quarter. While price cost was a drag on earnings for the entire year, we hope this quarter proves to be a turning point and while commodities have moderated they are volatile, and we are continually monitoring them to determine if and when pricing actions are needed. Second we had a very successful year in LED lighting. Our business grew at 150% during the year, and we were pleased to see that the adoption rate of LED surpassed 10% of our lighting sales, a great indication of Hubbells leadership in this new and exciting technology that offers our customers the opportunity to save money. Third, our strong financial performance this year has further strengthened our balance sheet, and has allowed us to deploy our cash in several ways. During 2011, we increased the dividend and repurchased over 2 million shares. In addition we closed on two small acquisitions during the fourth quarter. The acquisition pipeline is quite active, and our strong cash position will enable us to continue to pursue additional deals in 2012. In summary, I am very proud of the results in 2011. Despite half of our businesses being still mired in historic slump, we have managed to exceed our prior year peak in sales and in earnings in just three years. Our focus in driving productivity, carefully managing the cost price equation, and disciplined management of cost have enabled us to achieve these results. Now let me hand it over to Dave to provide more details on these results. Dave.
Dave Nord: Okay. Thanks Tim. Good morning, everybody. I am just going to start on page 3, and if you follow along in the materials, as Tim mentioned, you know, good fourth quarter results with sales up 16%, double digit in both segments, operating margin of 14.8%. That is up 60 basis points from the fourth quarter of last year, and diluted earnings per share of $1.17, up 22% on an adjusted basis. I would say we dont normally adjust, but last year had the $0.15 cost of the debt extinguishment. So to be more comparable we have taken that out in the comparison. Turning to page 4, a little more color on the sales and gross margin, reporting sales of $740 million, up just over $100 million from the fourth quarter of last year, 16%. It really is attributable to broad based improvement. Virtually all of our businesses reported increases, certainly a big part and very positive results in our utility business. Within that 16%, price adding a very strong 2%, and as Tim mentioned, we closed a couple of small acquisitions. So we have got about a point of growth from the acquisitions. On the gross margin side, gross margin of 31.9%, down a little bit from last years fourth quarter, and a big part of that is attributable to the fact that a lot of the increase in volume coming from project business, both in our harsh and hazardous, as well as in our utility business around transmission. And that business tends to have a little bit lower margin because it has been in bigger bulk. But of course we did have the benefit of price exceeding the commodity cost for the first-quarter this year, and that was worth about $5 million in the quarter. Turning to selling and administrative cost, were reporting selling and administrative of $126.5 million, up 9%. That is the trend we like to see when sales were up 16%, and SG&A is only 9%, driving down the S&A as a percent of sales, at least on a reported basis to 17.1%. In there though, I will note that there were some benefits, specifically a gain associated with some asset sales. Most significantly associated with the property from our old headquarters, the land associated with our old headquarters. It has been in the news a lot. We were able to close on the sale of that land, and recognize a gain. Absent that, we are running generally still around 18% for S&A and managing that very closely. So all that leading to operating profit of $109.8 million, up 21% from last year due to the increased sales to our price cost being positive, and a little bit of offset with some higher cost in the quarter, some of that typically happened in the fourth quarter around our sales effort, customer incentives, employee incentives, but a lot of that being offset not completely, but largely offset by productivity. So all in all good performance there. Turning to page six, on the other expense net, a big decline in that from last year. You can recall that last year that is where the cost of the debt extinguishment was. Absent that, we were still down from what would have been 8.3 million to this years 7.9 million really due to lower net interest expense. On the tax side, higher rate than last year for sure. Recall that last years fourth quarter we had full years impact of the R&D tax credit. That was packed that had a run through the fourth quarter. That was a two year extension. So we were benefiting from that all year ratably this year, and then there is some other yearend adjustments, both last year for the debt extinguishment, and this year typical year-end underlying rate still tracking around the 31.5% that we have been targeting all year. All that, turning to page 7, leads us to net income, net income of $70 million, up 19% on an adjusted basis, 41% on a reported basis, really due to the increased operating profit, offset by some of the higher tax rate. Earnings per diluted share, as I mentioned, $1.17 up 22% on an adjusted and comparable basis due to higher net income, and a lower share count, average share count in the fourth quarter, as a result of the aggressive share buyback we had throughout the year, and into 59.5 in the fourth quarter. So all in all very good results on a consolidated basis. Turning to the segments, first the electrical segment, reporting sales of $513.6 million, up 14%. Again broad based increases, price contributing 2%, and acquisitions giving 1%. The acquisitions that Tim referred to you would see in the cash flow. We invested about $30 million in two transactions, all in the electrical segment. One can add on interestingly to Burndy. The Burndy management team identified and executed on a transaction in the connector business that supports the renewable energy sector, very good add on, not a large transaction, but interestingly in both cases, the other acquisition in industrial controls acquisition, and in both cases businesses that will be able to fold into our existing facilities, and not take on additional bricks and mortar. So immediately giving us the benefit once we get through the initial acquisition cost, which were admittedly and not surprisingly a drag in the fourth quarter. That sales growth giving us operating profit up 17%, margins up 20 basis points to 14.3%, with the higher sales, the price cost favorability really all attributable to the electrical segment. But otherwise very good results. We are very pleased. One thing I will point out and we see it in the electrical segment, and we see it even more in the power segment, the reported increase in sales some part attributable to working through what was strong order rates earlier in the year. So you will note that we had a big drawdown of inventory and we were delivering on the orders that were building up in the course of the second and third quarter, and particularly around some of the lumpier project business in the electrical segment. You see that in the harsh and hazardous business, you see that in the industrial high-voltage test equipment. But underlying run rates still very positive. As Tim mentioned, year-over-year still positive, but more in line with what we are expecting to see as we enter 12. Power reporting sales of $226.4 million, up 20%, really attributable to the higher transmission and International growth. Recall transmission is where there was a big uptick during the year in the release of project bids, and our success in that market. A lot of that had longer cycle deliveries, and we saw a lot of that delivery starting to come through in the fourth quarter. The order rates for the quarter for the normal business are more in the mid-to high single digit range. So a lot of catch up in delivering on that backlog. Price in the power segment contributed 3% to that volume growth as well. On the margin side, margin of 36.1 million, up 32%, and operating margin of 15.9%. So very good performance, good incrementals on that business, despite the fact that as I mentioned, the transmission business has more project orientation, and therefore a little bit more, a little lower margin associated with it, all in all very good performance on our power business. Turning now to cash flow. Cash flow also very strong in the quarter, operating cash flow of $117.8 million, and free cash flow of $103.7 million, almost 1.5 times net income in the quarter, a big part of that coming from working capital, you know, as I highlight the liquidation of the inventory as we are working through some of the backlog, but also our continuing focus on our working capital efficiency we talked about throughout the year, and particular on our accounts payable, where we have improved our accounts payable outstanding year-over-year by nearly 6 days. So very good performance, keen focus on cash flow. So let me just put that into context of rolling into the full year. turn to Page 11, so for the full year we are reporting sales up 13%, just short of $2.9 billion, operating profit up 15% due to our 30 basis point margin improvement to 14.8, a little short of what we have been working for and hoped for in the year, and really attributable to the challenge we faced through most of the year in trying to get price to offset commodity cost. We are encouraged that we were able to turn that corner in the fourth quarter, but for the full year it was still negative on margin, otherwise very good performance in a very exciting year. Our tax rate down a little bit from last year, contributing there to net income up 23%, and our earnings per share equally up 23% to a record $4.42, and free cash flow of $280 million, all good performance. On the segment side, for the full year on page 12, you know, sales we reported up 11%, we saw a strong industrial market throughout the year, particularly in the first half, increased renovation and relight activity. That is a big part of particularly in the lighting business that business represents 15% to 20% of the lighting business today. Lower residential demand, we are still facing, although most of that was in the first half, in fact that turned around in the second half, particularly on the renovation retail side of the business. And then currency and price added 3% to our sales growth. On the operating profit side, good performance reporting 14.1% margin, all of that coming from higher sales, despite the cost increases that we were challenged to offset with productivity, but with price largely offsetting commodity cost in the electrical segment for the full year. On the power side, turning to page 13, very strong performance there with sales for the year up 18%, with higher spending in both distribution and transmission, a big part coming from the transmission project success. But also some increased international demand, very good performance in our Latin American, our Brazilian operation, and price giving us three points of that growth year-over-year, and the operating profit up 19%, margin up slightly with the higher sales. We did have the challenge of increased commodity costs that tamped that down a bit, although that is recovering. And then we had some cost increases, and particularly spending on some growth initiatives, new product development, as well as productivity, and you recall we opened a new facility in China for manufacturing parts. There were some cost headwinds associated with that facility, largely offset by the productivity. So all in all good performance there. We finished the year with our cash flow, cash flow for the year, as I mentioned, free cash flow of 280 million, that includes capital spending of 55 million, up from last years 47 million, more a level that we would expect going forward, 55 million or more, and again attributable to good focus despite the high level of growth activity in managing our working capital very tightly. And you see that on page 15, and our trend in working capital, trade working capital as a percent of sales actually drifting down to below 17% now the fourth quarter is traditionally the low point in our working capital as we are realizing the cash from receivables on the sales from the peak third-quarter activity. So that will trend back up, but we are working to continually report year-over-year by quarter improvement in working capital. All that has led to continued strengthening of our capital structure. That 280 million of free cash flow after we have invested in the business has also been returned to shareholders. As Tim mentioned, between our dividend increase and our share repurchase, $215 million returned to shareholders, an additional $30 million invested in acquisitions. So we took 50 million of that free cash flow, added it to the bank, but with the intention that that is going to help fund, particularly the increased pipeline and acquisition activity that we are confident is going to start to be realized as we move through 2012. So all in all very pleased, very strong results, a very good year in 2011, and with that I will turn it back to Tim, and let him give you some insights into how we see 2012 shaping up.
Tim Powers: Thanks Dave. Well, let us turn to Page 17 for the discussion of 2012. We expect sales to grow in the 4% to 6% range, with both of our reporting segments contributing to the growth. While the macro concerns persist about the global economy, we remain cautiously optimistic about the outlook. Let me take a moment to address the potential impact on Hubbell of the financial crisis in Europe. We have a small amount of sales into the European markets, and we do have some facilities based in Europe that sell into global markets. We do not anticipate any significant direct disruption caused by the European volatility. However, we would not be immune from any pullback by large global players in the resulting secondary impact on capital spending in our industrial markets. Looking to our end markets, the third-party forecast of US residential new construction has not changed materially since the last call. The forecast is for new construction spending to be flat overall, with private investments slowly recovering, while the public sector is likely to be negative as stimulus related spending declines. We expect that we will be able to grow that in the non-residential market through higher demand for renovation, relight, and controls. We believe that the demand for the energy-efficient products with short paybacks will continue in 2012 and beyond. The opportunity to retrofit existing commercial buildings, as well as adding lighting controls is very significant, and is only in the beginning stages. The utility market was strong during 2011, and we expect continued growth in 2012. On the transmission side, we believe that project activity will remain well above historic levels, and that we will get our fair share of those projects. The distribution side of the business should grow in line with GDP levels on the maintenance of the network, while housing starts will not provide any meaningful lift. On the industrial side of our business we expect growth, but at a slower pace than the last couple of years. Industrial expansion is likely to be driven by such areas as automotive and steel, which use our products. We also expect that the energy markets will be strong as the continued high price of oil should stimulate project activity. We are not expecting any meaningful recovery for single family housing. However, higher demand for multiple family housing will provide opportunities in 2012, and allow for modest overall growth in the residential market. Turning to our operating margins, we expect to increase margins by approximately 50 basis points in 2012. Our goal is to offset all cost increases, including commodity, normal inflation, and investments with pricing action and productivity efforts. Our ability to manage those cost challenges should enable us to leverage our higher sales and achieve higher operating margins. In summary, we are pleased that we have been able to exceed our prior peak earnings in 2011. Our organization has changed into a more nimble and capable company that was able to achieve record results in 2011. Over the past several years, we have navigated through choppy end markets, and volatile commodity costs through staying focused on productivity to reduce cost throughout the organization, and utilizing pricing to manage through difficult commodity markets. We remain optimistic that we will be able to continue to achieve higher levels of performance in 2012 through a modest top line growth, and expanding our margins to increase shareholder returns again in 2012. And this concludes our prepared remarks, and now we will open up the call for questions from you.
Operator: (Operator instructions) And we will go first to Christopher Glynn with Oppenheimer.
Christopher Glynn - Oppenheimer: A question on the power systems international opportunity, your global growth there, I just noticed it was bullish in the segment sales outlook slide, but what has that business become outside the US, and how much open space do you see and what is Hubbells value proposition penetrating some of the newer international markets?
Tim Powers: First of all, as we opened up our factory in China, the initial phase of that is to produce products for importation back to the US, but on a secondary basis begin to sell products into the Chinese market, and we have just begun to succeed in that effort. So we would expect China to begin to open up slowly for our power system business. In addition Brazil is a key market for us, and we have an expanding business in Brazil as were trying to build out a mini version of power systems in the Latin American economy. And throughout the rest of the world, in the Middle East we have some opportunities to sell our products in that area. But depending on electrical standards and a number of other things, it still represents an opportunity for us that would be at least 25% of our total, and growing from there.
Christopher Glynn - Oppenheimer: Okay, and on the gain on sale Dave, just wondering how much that was and you know if it was recorded in one of the segments, and if the acquisition cost pretty much offset it?
Dave Nord: It is just under $3 million Chris.
Christopher Glynn - Oppenheimer: Okay.
Dave Nord: And it does hit both segments in proportion to their sales volume.
Christopher Glynn - Oppenheimer: Okay, and great top line there, are you seeing any, I know you have talked about taking some share in a couple of spaces during the year, are you seeing any acceleration of that?
Dave Nord: No, I would say that you know our power system business has been well received by our customers, and our very high levels of on-time delivery have proven to be well worth customer value in storms, and in times when our customers are in key needs. But I wouldnt describe market share change as anything dramatic or just really we are being able to deliver quite well in just about all of our products. So were taking advantage of those opportunities and we have done well on some of the large projects in the power system business.
Christopher Glynn - Oppenheimer: Okay, great. Thanks for the help.
Tim Powers: Thanks.
Operator: And our next question comes from Rich Kwas with Wells Fargo Securities.
Rich Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities: Hi everyone.
Tim Powers: Good morning Rich.
Rich Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities: Dave on the margin guide for 12 to 50 bps, when we look at incrementals on a year-over-year basis, electrical you had a pretty good first half of 11 that tailed off in the second half, power was the opposite. Should we think of this as electrical first half incrementals kind of build momentum as the year goes on and power strong in the first half or how should we think about that when we rolled this up into the operating margin guidance?
Dave Nord: I think certainly power will still be strong and building in the first half as they to some extent remember you got some easier compares with the negative cost price items in the first half, as well as I think you are still going to see a lot of (inaudible). When you look at the full year top line guide, there is a bias towards the first half from the second half. The second half gets to be tougher compares, and of course that is where we have less visibility as we go out. So the combination of those two is where I would suggest that we put our caution. Okay.
Rich Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities: Okay, so and then on electrical though with price turning positive here that will go into the first half and then that kind of fades, and obviously it is going to depend on how commodities play out over the next several months, but you know it appears that incrementals in electrical should be still pretty good in the first half and start to potentially fade, is that the way to think about it?
Dave Nord: Well, I dont know about, I dont know if I like the term fading, but certainly they are still positive. I think within electrical the thing to keep in mind is that there is a lot of movement that can occur on the incrementals based on mix. In some of the businesses, certainly we expect continued good performance in the lighting business. But some of the higher margin harsh and hazardous project business could be an offset.
Rich Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities: Okay, and then just on the Tim on the non-residential outlook 1 to 3, is that all retrofit growth and no growth in construction, is that the way to think about it?
Tim Powers: Yes, I think our view is that on the new construction side we are really seeing what I would call the healthy transition that must occur from reliance on projects in the public sector to a degree that is at a historic high, slowly moving back to the more balanced proportion where private enterprise comes in. But if you take those together, we are not really looking for any positive improvements from the construction of new square footage. What we are doing though, and what we are seeing is quite a healthy relight and retrofit business and that because of the returns that we referred to for building owners, we expect that business to continue to grow and offset weaknesses on the new construction side.
Rich Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities: And Tim you have been talking about this for quite some time now in terms of the strength on the retrofit relight, when we think about contribution from that, is that accelerating, staying at the similar growth rates, or is there any kind of, it doesnt sound like there is any pull back in terms of the momentum there?
Tim Powers: We havent seen any yet. We were very pleased with the results on the retrofit and relight side, and as you recall we have an acquisition named Varon a couple of years ago, and that was quite timely in us being able to address this whole market with products that are already in it for retrofit and relight, and also the other market dynamic that it is very short delivery. So it is not uncommon for us to take an order for $1 million and turn it around in a matter of just a couple of weeks. So different market dynamics, but pretty strong performance. And again the key clients in this area would be people, customers who own their buildings. So the largest corporations in the United States are the ones that are really investing significantly in the energy efficiency of the space they occupy. So really strong customers on that side.
Rich Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities: Okay and then just last question on the LED number in excess of 10% of lighting, does that put you close to $100 million at year-end 11 in terms of contribution from that.
Tim Powers: I would say closer to 80.
Rich Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities: 80, okay, great. Thank you.
Tim Powers: But I would say that here, it has been a remarkably quick adoption in the marketplace, and when you back out residential, which is still in the  decorative, which is in the incandescence mode, and fluorescent, which probably represents maybe a third of our business, the adoption rate of LED for the replacement of high intensity discharge and other forms of light is reaching numbers in the 25% to 30% of the accessible market, and accelerating at a fast pace. So I would say we are looking at you know, a rapid change to this industry that we have been talking about for a couple of years. So it is turning as fast as we predicted it would.
Rich Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities: Thank you.
Operator: (Operator instructions) And we will go next to Steve Tusa with JP Morgan.
Steve Tusa  JP Morgan: Hi, good morning.
Tim Powers: Good morning Steve.
Steve Tusa  JP Morgan: Just trying to reconcile these growth rates a little bit. When you look at the kind of the 1 to 3 for non-residential. I guess you have been guiding electrical up 3 to 5, and you know I understand the lack of visibility on non-residential markets. But I mean your fourth quarter in electrical grew pretty strong double-digit, and you know, I know you are expecting the non-resi market to get worse in 2012, Im just trying to understand how to bridge the gap from double-digit growth down to a 3 to 5 with seemingly what should be stable if not a little bit better end markets?
Tim Powers: Yes, remember here we are predicting growth. So it is not markets getting worse, it is getting better at a slower rate. So if you were to see our seasonal trend, we would see our orders in December and in the beginning of January coming down into the single digit areas, and in line with year-over-year increases, and in line with what we are predicting here. And so as Dave pointed out, we have less visibility to the second half, and the other part of that discussion is how strongly our power business was up year-over-year. So were still telling you that our power business is going to be up mid to high single digits, off of an extremely strong year. so were just concerned or cautious about the slowdown in the US economy, cautious about the events unfolding in Europe, and its impact on decisions by our customers, and we think we have a decent prediction of what we will see happening with these lower growth rates.
Steve Tusa  JP Morgan: Right. So, what you are seeing if I understand it correctly is that you have better visibility into the  if I understood the previous question correctly, better visibility in the first half so that kind of growth will be higher in the first half, and then you have a little bit more conservative slowing in the second half?
Tim Powers: I would say
Steve Tusa  JP Morgan: Or pretty balanced?
Tim Powers: Let us say the first half would be a little higher growth rate, and the second would be related to our let us say the lack of total visibility to the second half of 2012. And when you look at our volume we did produce a lot of sales in the second half. So, it is just conservatism at this point, and lack of visibility.
Steve Tusa  JP Morgan: That sets a lot of companies you are talking about slower growth in the first half, so it is refreshing to hear that, you know, the guidance is more kind of front-end loaded as opposed to back end loaded. Just moving on to the utility stuff, I mean you talked about how order rates were a little bit slower, or slower than sales, is that curve decelerating, I mean it was my understanding that there was a little bit more of a multiyear phenomena there and it doesnt seem like we are that far into the cycle, so maybe just talk about what you are seeing on the utility said from that perspective?
Tim Powers: Well, we did extremely well in the second and third quarter of taking some large transmission projects, and quite a bit of that was delivered in the second half and quite a bit in the fourth quarter. So we always have a decline in backlog in the fourth quarter. That is very normal, so you cant predict, you cant extrapolate Q4 power incremental sales forward just because we were delivering these projects. On the other hand, were very optimistic about the transmission side of our power business, but understanding that lumpiness and nature of those awards. So it's not just a smooth, you know, you can't just draw a straight line on this. So there is still a lot of activity there is lot of bids, and we are optimistic that we will get a pretty good share of all of that. So we don't see that being a single year or even slowing down. We see that continuing on in 2012 and beyond.
Steve Tusa  JP Morgan: Okay great. Then one last quick question just on pricing. How is kind of the forward look on pricing, you guys have done a good job of offsetting you know, raw materials et cetera, you know, is pricing still holding up relatively well in the market?
Tim Powers: I would say yes, the pricing is holding for the moment. My caveat is more of the volatility on the commodity cost side, and all you have to do is look at what happens in a day when the world is feeling good about the news and stock prices shoot up and commodity costs shoot up right with it. So we have not seen any big drop in commodity costs. Oil is hanging up there at $100 and so there isn't any great windfall here. Weve just turned the corner and we're excited that we have arrived at that point where we finally clawed our way up, you know, to catch up after three negative quarters in 2011.
Steve Tusa  JP Morgan: I just have one more very quick one, how big is your total relighting you know, when you talk about relighting business not just the LED stuff but total relighting or is that the same thing as LED?
Tim Powers: $150 million.
Steve Tusa  JP Morgan: Great, thanks a lot guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from Scott Davis with Barclays Capital.
Scott Davis - Barclays Capital: Hi, good morning guys.
Tim Powers: Hi Scott.
Scott Davis - Barclays Capital: I was going to drill into the conservative sales guidance as well, but I won't do that to you, on margins however, when I think about 50 basis points year-over-year you know, just back of the envelope I'm guessing you probably get 50 just from price cost. A, is that accurate and I understand Tim you said that you know, it's very difficult to carry that forward 12 months, but when I start thinking about the first half of 2012, it would appear that you have a little bit more visibility, particularly given that you are LIFO accounting right. So you probably have a little bit more visibility into margin improvements upfront. Is that accurate?
Tim Powers: We have, you know, better visibility to everything up front Scott. So yes, margin improvements assuming that price falls at the levels that we do get some of the roll over, and that we don't have any negative movement in commodities. You know, there will be more positive benefit from price cost in the first half of the year. I think one of the things that, you know, I think your estimate of the margin impact on favorable price cost is probably a little high. We love that to be the case but that's you know, not likely to be the case. I think the other thing that we're dealing with is some cost headwinds that, you know, Tim has mentioned, and specifically if you look at pensions, I mean, pensions were anticipating about a $10 million headwind in pension from a combination of you know, we're dealing with low interest rate environment, a discount rate that is almost a point lower than it was a year ago, and some more conservative assumptions in long-term returns on our plan. So that's one element and then you know, the ongoing battle around medical costs and we are forecasting that you know that's going to be about $3 million headwind. So you know, that's the problem we have, certainly we are going to work on productivity initiatives as we have, but those are some big headwinds that are kind of new to this year that you know, are providing caution to our margin expectations.
Scott Davis - Barclays Capital: Okay. That's fair. Guys, I want to go back and talk a bit about distribution spend, and one of the things I'm just trying to get my arms around we had a fairly substantial storm year, I think greatest storm year on record since year 2000, so a big storm year. How much of that distribution spend that you experienced in 2011 has a tail on it. Meaning you know, you put, you know, utilities put a band-aid on the problem, and come back and put more permanent fixes in 2012. So I guess what I'm trying to figure out more than anything is that you know, you are going to have tougher comps in distribution, but at the same time you may actually have pretty good visibility on a 12 month or so tail, and I think a couple of your competitors have talked about that in the past. So maybe you can walk into that a little bit for us.
Tim Powers: I would say that you certainly have picked up on a theme where that is one driver on a positive side towards distribution. What's working the other way right now and causing kind of a slowdown in spending is all the mergers and the situations around those mergers where some of them are being held up, and that uncertainty causes all kinds of slowdowns. So we believe that this trend of consolidation of public utilities will happen. It will cause more efficiencies. It will be in our favor. We believe it will work toward the benefit of us gaining better positions in some of these new, larger utilities, but while this is going on and while some of these are held up, the tendency of both companies is to slow down spending and not proceed because priorities are about to change. So I agree with you, youve identified a positive here, but this dampening effect in the short run is somewhat of a counterbalance.
Scott Davis - Barclays Capital: That helps. Last guys, you know, I know we always hear about liquidity challenges for shareholders with Hubbell, and you know, a great deal of that is because of the A and B structure. Is there any potential for resolution in 2012 and again you know, I know it's challenging but I mean a couple of issues. One, you are sitting on a lot of cash in your balance sheet. So if there was ever an opportunity where A shares wanted to cash out now, it is a fantastic time and B, you know, I think the days of the supermajority poison pill are kind of over as far as fashionability, and you know, anyways I guess my point is if there was ever a time to compress shares or take-out additional A shares now would be the time, and is there anything you can share with us on that front?
Tim Powers: Really that story on what's going on with the trust and all that is not in our hands and we really can't comment about it. We are certainly aware that of what current practices are around shares and all that and if and when there was a time when that might occur then we would certainly take it up as a company, and look to see what could be done, but for me to predict that is really not anything that I can contribute to at this time.
Scott Davis - Barclays Capital: But it is a priority I would assume for you guys though.
Tim Powers: We would look at that certainly if something were to occur.
Scott Davis - Barclays Capital: Okay. All right. Thanks. Ill pass it on.
Operator: And our next question comes from Jeff Beach with Stifel Nicolaus.
Jeff Beach - Stifel Nicolaus: Good morning, I was disconnected, so if I... Thank you. I was disconnected shortly. So I missed a little. I hope my questions haven't been asked already. But on the power segment I'm interested in the whole year growth between distribution and transmission. Can you give us those rates?
Tim Powers: You know, more of the growth is on the transmission side, Jeff as you know, there is a lot of you know, big project activity there. And I would say that the bias is in the full year growth has been there. We don't break out specifically that in detail, you know, but again a big part of the 18% year-over-year is due to you know, transmission business and the large project business.
Jeff Beach - Stifel Nicolaus: And I think for two years it has been growing faster than distribution, so how  can you give us a rough split now going into 12 between T and D?
Tim Powers: Well, you are right about that, historically it has been pretty stable around 80, 20 distribution. That has clearly moved closer to 70, 30 in the range. It is still a smaller part, but faster growing for sure.
Jeff Beach - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay, and then in the past you have given kind of rough growth rates on harsh and hazardous, on wiring devices, kind of general growth, can you give us any help there either for the whole year or for the fourth quarter?
Tim Powers: For the whole year, harsh and hazardous, and industrial in general were in the mid teens. Wiring device, you know, was high single digits, in the lighting business, particularly because of the relight and retrofit was also high single digit. The fourth quarter, while we saw some change in that trend in that residential turned positive year-over-year, slight positive, but positive after a long run of negatives. But otherwise those trends were pretty much consistent for the fourth quarter as well.
Jeff Beach - Stifel Nicolaus: And lastly, just looking at going back almost a year ago to the day at the sales guidance you provided, and what you ended up with, where were the biggest upside surprises to you versus your expectations for 11, and where could your best upside surprise be in 12?
Tim Powers: Well, Jeff the year in all of the markets, let us say the two strong markets of industrial and utility grew more than we anticipated they would at the beginning of the year. And the other two were less negative than we anticipated. What was different about it? So we got top line growth that was beyond our expectation. What was different about the year, and made the year more challenging was the negative material cost price challenge that we went through for the first three quarters, which didnt allow us to move the margins like you would expect us to. So we saw a year where the volume was better than we thought it was, and the cost squeeze was higher and more challenging than we anticipated. So lots of moving parts, market conditions a little better than we thought going into the year. So we were very happy with our success on the transmission side. We were very happy with our growth in the harsh and hazardous and energy fields. So those were kind of the highlights, and the retrofit and relight grew for us more than we anticipated.
Jeff Beach - Stifel Nicolaus: All right. Thanks. Congratulations on a great year.
Tim Powers: Thank you.
Operator: (Operator instructions) We will go next to Brent Thielman with D.A. Davidson.
Brent Thielman - D.A. Davidson: Hi, good morning.
Tim Powers: Good morning.
Brent Thielman - D.A. Davidson: Just a question on power, are you effectively filled out in terms of capacity in the US for transmission products for 2012?
Tim Powers: No, no. Please, we would take more at any time. We have the capacity to do more, to produce more. The challenge for Hubbell is sometimes the lumpy nature and the close deliveries that our customers might want. But certainly our overall capacities are not challenged.
Brent Thielman - D.A. Davidson: Okay. So I guess on the  and so for the sales guidance for the power segment, the 6% to 8%, is that kind of reflect the order you have on hand plus some benefit from the distribution side such that any incremental orders in transmission might be incremental to that guidance, is that kind of a fair way to think about it?
Tim Powers: No, I think we are anticipating when you look at the whole year, we are reflecting run rate of orders in kind of the day-to-day business, and we have anticipated some increase in the transmission business above a very high increase in 2011. So it would have to take a change in both metrics to get a number higher than this 6% and 8%. So we would have to do even better then we anticipate in transmission. So we just havent left transmission flat.
Brent Thielman - D.A. Davidson: Got you. Okay and I know they were a little smaller, but just on the acquisitions executed in Q4, any sort of flavor for what markets or product areas you are involved in?
Tim Powers: The one Dave alluded to, which is small, but nice is we bought a connector business that makes connectors for solar panels in the residential and residential space, and added that to the Burndy portfolio, and we also added another business in our industrial controls area, that would move us from probably third in its market to the first. So a nice little bolt on, dont want to over sell them, but they will contribute to margin at or above Hubbells average once we get through our purchase accounting.
Brent Thielman - D.A. Davidson: Okay. Thanks and congratulations on the quarter.
Tim Powers: Thank you.
Operator: And from Macquarie Capital, we will go next to Mike Wood.
Mike Wood - Macquarie Capital: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. One of your peers discussed competitive bidding environment on project work within the lighting business, can you just tell us if you saw that and how you responded to it if you did?
Tim Powers: I would answer it generally in that you are in a significant recession in commercial and industrial lighting that all price levels are tough in these kinds of conditions, and so it is a place where price realization is harder to get, and it is not any different than you would see in any other recession. Just tough, tough sledding. Where you win is if you have some feature benefits that others dont. So a lot of this runs the energy efficiency on a job, and for us the key to it is the broad offering of LED products into interior and parking area lighting. So that is our niche to it, but I wouldnt describe it as anything but representative of the level of the market we are at today.
Mike Wood - Macquarie Capital: Okay, and also can you provide the retail sales in the lighting business, what the growth rate was in the fourth quarter?
Tim Powers: Really, the residential growth that we saw in the quarter was about 6%, and that is all really attributable to the retail side of the business.
Mike Wood - Macquarie Capital: Okay, but it sounds like in your guidance that is a piece that you are not expecting to continue that kind of a growth rate, because you have this year the 5% overall resi guidance, correct?
Tim Powers: We are not anticipating any significant movement there. We are pleased to see the end of the year look the way it did, and we are hopeful that our customers on that side, Home Depot, Lowes and others like that are more successful in 12 than they were in 2011.
Mike Wood - Macquarie Capital: Okay. Thank you.
Jim Farrell: We are at 11 o'clock now. So that is going to conclude the questions for this portion. Certainly, Bill Sperry and I are available for anyone who didnt have an opportunity to ask a question. So feel free to call us after the call.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen that does conclude todays presentation. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-10-20 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Jim Farrell - Director, IR Tim Powers - Chairman, President and CEO Dave Nord - SVP and CFO Bill Sperry - VP, Corporate Strategy and Development 
Analysts: Christopher Glynn  Oppenheimer Rich Kwas  Wells Fargo
Operator: Good day, everyone and welcome to the Hubbell Incorporated Third Quarter Results Conference Call. As a reminder, todays call is being recorded. Now for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Jim Farrell. Please go ahead, sir.
Jim Farrell: Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us. I am here today with Tim Powers, our Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; Dave Nord, our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer and Bill Sperry, our Vice President of Corporate Strategy and Development. Hubbell announced the third quarter results for 2011 this morning. The press release and earnings slide materials have been posted to the investor site of our website at www.hubbell.com. Please note that our comments this morning may include statements related to the expected future results of our company and are therefore forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Therefore, please note that the discussion of forward-looking statements in our press release and consider it incorporated by reference into this call. In addition, comments made here also may include some non-GAAP financial measures. Those measures are reconciled to comparable GAAP measures and are included in the press release and the earnings slides materials. Now, let me turn the call over to Tim.
Tim Powers: Thank you. Welcome everyone and thank you for joining us this morning. As we typically do on these calls, I will provide you with some overview commentary on the results we announced this morning and then, Dave will provide you with a more detailed discussion of our financial performance. I will then share some early thoughts 2012 and then we will open up the call for your questions. We will refer to presentation materials that you can find on our website, I will start on page 3. We are very pleased to report that the positive momentum from the first half of the year continued into the third quarter. Our sales increased by 12% with growth being realized and virtually all of our businesses. We reported operating margins of 16.4% which represented an impressive improvement from the second quarter was as expected was below the prior year due to a less favorable product mix and higher commodity costs. I am very proud of our results in the quarter as half of our markets remain at trot levels and working through a challenging pricing and commodity cost environment. Looking at our end markets, we continue to experience strong demand on incoming orders during the quarter. The utility market strength was broad with higher demand in distribution products and increase in spending on larger transmission projects as well as improved international demand. The industrial market continued to improve with most of our businesses including those tied to the energy markets realizing higher sales in the quarter. The new construction spending in the US non-residential market remains quite challenging, but we continue to benefit from higher demand for renovation and relight projects. On the residential side demand remains weak. I will share an early view of our 2012 end markets towards the end of my comments. So, the volume story was quite favorable, but the commodity cost pricing dynamic has been a challenge while price increases added to sales in the quarter, they were somewhat below our expectations. Price realization proved to be more difficult in certain pockets of our business most notably the construction markets. Also materials remain above last years levels and did not moderate quite as much as we anticipated. We will continue to adjust pricing to recover commodity cost increases and have raised prices in certain businesses in September. In summary, Im extremely pleased with the organizations ability to produce these impressive results in both the third quarter and for the year. Let me hand it over to Dave to provide more details on the results, Dave.
Dave Nord: Okay. Thanks, Tim. Good morning, everybody. Let me jump into the results, Ill start on page 4, you know, first on the sales side, were reporting sales of $764.3 million up 12%. As Tim mentioned really broad based improvement through all of our businesses particularly strong, well talk more about our utility business. In that 12%, there is some price and currency that combined are about 4%, so our core volume grew up 8%. I think price and FX in that 4% are about equally split. So, good results there. On the gross margin side, 33% gross margin in the quarter, now thats down from last years third quarter, for a couple of reasons. One, our commodity cost still in excess of price realization, we had forecasted and weve been working toward getting the parity in the third and maybe some improvement in the fourth. But, as Tim mentioned, the pricing environment turned out to be unfortunately a little more challenging than we expected. The other big driver to that decline is this less favorable mix and you recall we talked about that in the third quarter of last year, some very strong project business coming out of our industrial sector, particularly our high voltage in telecom. I think that had a significant, we would estimate thats close to almost 1.5 of margin impact last year. So, we are very pleased actually with our 33% because when we look at that 33% it wasnt that long ago when we were talking about 28% gross margin. Good improvement and I think that adjusted for last years unusual items, I think thats probably the highest level gross margin weve seen in the last three years on a quarterly basis. So overall very good performance in a trend we continue to work to improve. Turning the page to our other expenses, other costs, selling and administrative cost of $127 million up only 8% despite 12% volume growth. So, good performance there, were continuing to maintain discipline even in a strong growth environment for the quarter. So well, that led us to operating profit of $125.3 million in the quarter, operating profit margin of 16.4%. Again, pretty much due to the impact of the mixed strength that we had in the third quarter of last year, but in absolute terms, we are very pleased with operating profit margins of 16.4%. Turning to Page 6, some of the other items are other income and expense, net down $7.3 million in the quarter down little over a $1 million from the third quarter of last year. Last year we had some foreign currency losses on transactions that we are recognizing and as well this year, we have a little less lower net interest expense. We have a slightly higher interest expense from our higher outstanding borrowings from the debt issuance last year, but certainly at lower rates, but with our cash balances on hand, little bit better investment income that we are generating there to the tune of about $0.50 million. That leads to one of the bigger items in the quarter from a competitive standpoint and thats on our tax rate. The tax rate in the third quarter was 29.4%, certainly lower than we had been tracking for the first six months and much lower than last year and I think that nearly 5 point difference from last year is really attributable to two things. First, this year in the third quarter, we had some true-ups of some items as we got to the point of filing our tax return, I had better information and that contributed about 2 points to a lower rate in the quarter. Youll also recall that last years third quarter was actually higher than normal because we had almost a similar amount of expense associated with settling some prior year audits. And so, thats about 4 points to the Delta and the last item is the R&D tax credit, which we have been talking about throughout this year because it wasnt reenacted until the fourth quarter of last year. So, its benefited us in the each of the comparative quarters this year by a point. So, all of those things, you know, basically whats causing the 5 point reduction in our tax rate. No other real changes, in fact, we would expect that our tax rate for the fourth quarter will be, likely be closer to what we experienced through the first half and that was 31.5%. Turning now to the page 7, net income of $82.4 million up 16% certainly due to the increased operating profit and the lower tax rate and earnings per diluted share of $1.37 up 16% from last years $1.18. Let me now turn to the segment results on page 8. First on the electrical segment, reporting sales of $526.6 million up $36 million or 7% from last years third quarter. And really with broad based increases in all of our businesses other than the impact of the project business from last year and the underlying industrial businesses showing growth excluding some of those large project businesses. And in that 7% we had foreign currency and price contributing 3% to that volume growth. On the operating profit side, $81.5 million down 3% from last years third quarter, big driver being the less favorable mix this year than last year being the most significant impact. On the price cost front with the higher commodity costs not yet fully recovered by pricing that cost us so a couple of million dollars in the quarter so thats costing us nearly a point on the margin all of that being somewhat offset by the incremental margins on the higher sales. So, very good performance certainly we are pleased with the absolute performance in the electrical segment being in excess of 15%, and we expect that to continue to improve as the cost price dynamic continues to improve. Lets turn now to the power segment on page 9, where we were reporting very solid results, sales of $237.7 million in the quarter, up 22% a very nice market performance. The drivers to that 22% about half of it is due to the higher distribution and transmission spending. We think that the distribution side of the business is up mid-to-high single digits and the transmission side of that business being of low-to-mid teens business. Also, we had some very good results in our international demand in particular as you know, one of our bigger international operations is in Brazil. So, weve had some good market demand and growth in Brazil. Weve had good price recovery at 3%, and then there are some other items that would be in there and particularly one of note, which isnt as significant in terms of dollars. But certainly, one that you might expect is that some storm impact. There was some benefit year-over-year from the significant storms that we experienced in the third quarter particularly on the East Coast and that contributed probably about 2% to the top line growth. So a lot of factors impacting the power business growth, but very good performance and performance that we expect to continue. All that contributing to operating profit in the quarter of $43.8 million, up 30%, and improved margins to 18.4%, up from the 17.3% in the third quarter last year. Obviously a big driver to that is the significant increase in volume, still a little bit despite 3 points of price, still a little bit of headwind just under $2 million of price cost headwind in the quarter. And then, some keen focus on productivity to offset the other cost inflations and some of the spending on growth initiatives, engineering, new product development and the like. So, all in all very good performance in that segment, were very pleased. Now, let me turn to cash flow on page 10. Free cash flow which we define as operating cash flow after CapEx was $90.6 million, little bit better than net income with $8 million more than net income, certainly better than last year. And a lot of that being driven by the focus on working capital, despite working capital being a use of cash in the quarter of just under $10 million thats a pretty good number considering the growth that were navigating through and I think a lot of that is attributable to the focus of our working capital, we focused on our receivable, our quality of receivables is good, our aging is good with no slippage in our days upstanding. Our inventory focus, we got to pick up a day in inventory outstanding, so we got one day improvement there, and weve got four days improvement in our outstanding payables. Weve talked in the past the scenario of focus for us to move closer to industry standard in our payable cycle. So all that leading to good cash flow generation in the quarter and I think a lot of that cash flow generation help support the investments that we make in capital, in dividends and as you will see, in our share repurchase in the quarter where we bought back just over a million shares in the quarter, spending about $55 million and in fact that share repurchase level exhausted or pre-existing authorization and so we announced last month that the board approved a new authorization for an additional $200 million to give us the flexibility to consider share repurchase in all of our capital allocation decisions. Let me get to the year-to-date results and I will go through these more quickly because a lot of it is consistent with the first half and the third quarter. Sales year-to-date of just over $2.1 billion, up 12% for the year-to-date comparable to where we were in June on a year-over-year, operating profit of $314 million, up 13% and operating margin up 14.7%, up 10 basis points. The tax rate of 30.6%, a little bit lower as I mentioned because of the third quarter changes in estimates from our year-to-date 31.5 and I expect the fourth quarter to be closer to our first half rate of 31.5 and that will give us a rate for the year when you take into account the third quarter of just under 31%. That also gives us net income year-to-date of $197.9, up 18% and earnings per share through September of $3.25, up 17% and cash flow of $175.9, up 24% as a percent of net income not quite at our objective of equal to or exceeding net income quite actually improved from the relationship last year and we always have some seasonal pick up in the fourth quarter following a very strong sales levels in the third quarter. So, we are tracking to our objective. Turning to the segments, just year-to-date at a high level of the electrical segment reporting sales year-to-date just under $1.5 billion, up 10%. Some of the benefits in the first half start to moderate in the third quarter and thats the strong industrial because of some of the dynamics around the high voltage in telecom. The renovation and relight activity continues and that impact is one of the contributing factors to our full year expectations relative to volume. The lower residential, underlying residential demand for the first half of the year is there, but we see that starting to level off and maybe some very early signs of improvement or at least improvement at our performance. And then, currency in that 10%, we had currency and price adding 4%. On the profit side year-to-date $208.3 million, up 13% again higher sales certainly a big contributor still navigating through the higher commodity cost and with productivity the offsetting focused against other inflation. The power segment year-to-date on page 13 with the year-to-date sales of 641 million up 18% even improved from year-to-date, which was only 15% and offer the similar reasons that we have experienced in the third quarter, but with the improved level of activity in both distribution and transmission spending. And on the operating profit side, operating profit year-to-date of $105.7 million, up 15%, nice performance there with the higher sales helping to offset some of the commodity headwinds that were navigating through. So all in all, we are very pleased with where we are sitting through nine months of the year. And similarly, on cash flow, free cash flow year-to-date of $171.9 million, a little bit short as I mentioned of year-to-date net income, but certainly not unusual. And increased spending will mode on CapEx with $41 million, up from last years $33.8 and we tend to target about 2% of sales and I think the third quarter was a little bit low, we expect the fourth quarter  we expect it to be a little bit higher to meet our full year target of about 2% of sales. A lot of that attributable as I mentioned turning to page 15 to trade working capital and our focus on trade working capital a while  our trade working capital as a percent of sales will bounce around in a similar fashion to the seasonality of our business. The objective that we are always targeting is to be better and comparable periods year-over-year and I think we see that with an improvement from the third quarter of last year, which was in excess of 19% to the third quarter of this year, which is 18.5%. So, a lot of focus on the area of trade working capital and cash flow generation. Turning to page 16 that will lead us to a very strong capital structure, we finish the quarter with $512 million of cash, little bit less than we started the year, but a lot of things that we are investing in and particularly are spending around share repurchase. The other item of note is what we announced this morning in a separate filing, we replaced our existing $350 million revolving credit agreement with a new five year agreement for $500 million, expansion capability of another $250 million. So, we think we are very well positioned with very good terms for the next five years. All of that being very important in support of our growth activities both internally generated and more importantly acquisitions, and I think the acquisition pipeline has been very active. We closed on a small transaction last week, our first transaction since Burndy acquisition and most interestingly it was an acquisition that came out of the Burndy, it was a (Bello brand) little connector business for the Burndy acquisition. We have signed another transaction this week that if it goes well, we would expect to close within 30 days. Now these are smaller transactions, I think the combined both transactions would be about a $30 million investment in the quarter, but there is 3 or 4 letter stacked up behind that not yet in the stage of signing an agreement. So, not likely to occur in the fourth quarter, but certainly it could be something that we would hope to be looking at early next year. So, all in all, lot of good activity, lot of good things happening.  So, where does that leave us for the rest of the year. I think, the sales were projecting based on third quarter performance and some current run rates, we think, we will finish the year with sales up above 12% thats up from our last expectation, which I think was 7% to 9% and I think there is a number of factors that are contributing that, not the least of which is the strength that we have seen in the power segment. A lot of transmission orders, being pulled in, being released, maybe a little earlier then we expected, we are little more cautious early on, but now we are starting see some of that flow and some of that is in backlog sort of, itll run through the fourth quarter. I think, we have also seen, we have always been cautious on the relight and retrofit and the sustainability of that in any quarter. I think we have seen that to be stabilized and we expect that to continue at a reasonable level to give us, you know, growth in the commercial and industrial lighting business. And I think, the other markets industrial and Harsh & Hazardous are both held up extremely well. But, if I had to order them I would power first in  we are better, I think we are going to finish better. The relight and retrofit and then just a broad based improvement we have seen through the third quarter. Margin expectations for the year are more likely to be an increase of only 20 to 30 basis points thats down from our prior guidance of 50 basis points. And the big issue there is that the commodity cost price parity that we expected to have for the year based on the third quarter dynamics in pricing, a concern that that dynamic will continue into the fourth and thats going to give us some headwind and that we werent anticipating. Now commodity costs underneath have shown some signs of moderating and so we could see some benefit coming from that, but unfortunately because of some of our buying practices, we dont experience any declines in commodity costs real time, it takes some time for that to flow through even though we are a reliable company. So, certainly an improvement year-over-year, not at the level that we would have expected, but an area that we continue to focus on. Free cash flow expected at this point to equal net income and again our balance sheet allowing a lot of flexibility for acquisitions. So, when we are all done, we are expecting sales and earnings per share to finish this year at above prior peak levels. So with that let me turn it over to Tim to give a little bit further view of the future.
Tim Powers: Thanks Dave. Now, lets turn to page 18 for discussion of our early view of the 2012 outlook. We usually provide next years outlook in our January call. But given recent volatility, we thought it appropriate to provide some early comments. Looking in the 2012, we remain cautious, but optimistic about our end markets. There certainly continuous to be numerous macro concerns going into the comp up coming year. The general health of the global economy is unclear and the remains a high level of political uncertainty in Washington combined with stubbornly high levels of unemployment. As you are aware, our visibility in the future demand is less than two months for most parts of our business. What we continue to like, what we are seeing in our incoming order patterns as well as conversations with our customers. We are expecting modest single digit growth in our markets in 2012. The third party forecast for US non-residential new construction is for a modest decline and put in place spending in 2012 with a more meaningful recovery shifted into 2013. This decline is expected to be primarily due to weakness on the public side as stimulus dollars get exhausted. However, as we experienced in 2011, we believe the demand for renovation, relight and lighting controls will remain strong and more than offset the declines in new construction, allowing for modest growth overall in this end market. Our lighting business has been participating in this growth, as our products helped customers become more energy efficient or providing compelling paybacks and cost savings. The adoption rates for LED product continues at a very strong pace with sales doubling in both the third quarter and year-to-date and now represents just below 10% of our total lighting sales. We expect this strong growth demand to continue as LED costs are likely to continue declining while performance improves. Our utility market has been quite strong during 2011 with growth and distribution, transmission, project activity as well as higher international demand. On the transmission side we are encouraged by the increasing activity in large project spending that has occurred in the current year and fully expect that growth to continue into next year and beyond. The distribution side of the business should grow with higher maintenance spending in the key driver of growth, well housing starts are unlikely to benefit spending. On the industrial side of our business, we expect modest growth for next year. The strong rebound and spending that has occurred is likely to moderate somewhat, but still expanding its 2012 would only be the third year of the industrial cycle recovery. We also expect continued growth in our industrial business that are tied to the energy market which includes our Harsh and Hazardous products. We are not expecting any meaningful recovery in the residential market, although slow modest growth is likely, high levels of unemployment, slow wage growth and home foreclosures continue to impede new single family housing construction. In summary, we are pleased that we are on track to exceed our prior peek earnings in 2011. When you consider that half of our markets are at trot or near trot levels and that the cost price headwinds anticipated for the year, these are impressive result. Despite the success significant opportunities remain in front of us. We have excellent positioning on the long term secular growth opportunities in the energy efficient products and then in nations grid infrastructure, that is in the midst of a strong project activity for transmission related projects. These are areas where Hubbells products continue to add value to our customers. The entire organization remains energized and engaged in productivity initiatives, they will be needed to offset inflationary pressures. We continue to seek outweighs to become more efficient through our lean programs, sourcing efforts and rationalizing our manufacturing footprint. So, we remain very optimistic about our full ability to generate attractive returns for our shareholders into the future. With that this concludes our prepared remarks and now we like to open up the call to your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instruction) And we will take our first question from the line of Christopher Glynn with Oppenheimer.
Christopher Glynn  Oppenheimer: Thanks, good morning.
Tim Powers:  Good morning, Chris.
Christopher Glynn  Oppenheimer: Couple of questions on the lighting, you commented on the overall growth entered in the quarter and then with LED nearly 10%, if you could talk about what the margin impact on that kind of mixed transition is in, you know, how its evolving?
Tim Powers: Okay, let me start with the LED discussion and the margin. For us, our LED sales margin is about the same as or the average product category. So, if we are talking about down light its the same as the average down light or we dont experience a relative premium but we are not experiencing any margin degradation in the sale of a combined unit. And we are doing a extremely well but I think overall in the penetration of LED lighting when you consider that how much of anybodys business when you have a Conglomerate as fluorescent so to say that the number is approximately 10%, when about a 30 business as fluorescent means that the adoption rate for LED is higher on the rest of the business. So, I think were doing extremely well there and we would expect that rate to continue, the rate of increased adoption. And Chris, what was the nature of the first part of the question?
Christopher Glynn  Oppenheimer:  Just the overall lighting growth in the quarter?
Dave Nord: I think, the question was lighting overall was about 8%, little more on the C&I side, but actually some positive results even on the residential side as you know, weve tried to expand our reach beyond home building and I think some of thats coming out of the DIY side and other channels.
Christopher Glynn  Oppenheimer: Okay. And then, if the construction markets dont look like the traditional serve markets will improve next year at this point which is in your outlook, is there any reason to think the price cost relationship would be any different than it is this year?
Tim Powers:  Well, there is all kinds of reason to believe that it would be different by mean with the fluctuating metals and energy cost, its quite difficult for us to predict, you know, the overall relationship there. Its just one that we have to adapt to as we see changes. We dont even know we believe that or see that metals costs have declined, we dont foresee any dramatic decline as we saw back in 2008. We think the economy is at some a little bit of a pause. But, as you can see that every time there is any news towards anything positive in Europe, you can watch oil prices jump up several dollars and copper and others are following. So, we think that the prices have come up there high is a little bit, but we would expect if the economy goes forward and gets a little better worldwide that these commodity costs would continue to raise back to levels that we previously seen.
Christopher Glynn  Oppenheimer: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Rich Kwas with Wells Fargo.
Rich Kwas  Wells Fargo: Hi, all. How are you?
Tim Powers: Good morning, Rich.
Rich Kwas  Wells Fargo: Dave on price cost, if we look at the, I guess, when you look at the 50 basis point target for operating margin that was previously communicated. Now its 20 to 30. How much of that is price cost versus mix adverse mix versus expectation?
Dave Nord: Its almost oil price cost.
Rich Kwas  Wells Fargo: Okay, okay. And then, Tim on the (LFL12), the organic growth, does that include assumption for market outgrowth. So, youre saying the market, you expect your market to grow low single digits, would you expect that you get a couple points on top of that based on just product penetration, new product launches that sort of thing?
Tim Powers: Yes, so were just talking, to make it clear. Were talking about the fact that our markets as we see them will grow in a low single digits modestly. So, we are in a condition, I would say thats very similar to this year with the exception that I would say, the rate of growth in the industrial market will be somewhat less, but still growing and we cant predict that we are going to see the kind of growth rate on the power side that we are seeing this year. I mean, everything is going so well this year and every level of the market that we are confident that we are going to see growth in the utility business, but at what rate you know, remains to be discussed or remains to be seen as we get closer to it.
Rich Kwas  Wells Fargo: And then, just a follow-up on that too. I think for the revenue guidance 07 and 09 assumed something like two to three points of market outgrowth with new products, product penetration etcetera. Is that coming in ahead of expectations with the new 12% revenue growth the two to three points of you know, market outgrowth, is that better?
Tim Powers: I think its pretty comparable.
Rich Kwas  Wells Fargo: Okay. And then, so is the way  a good way to think about for next year is that right now low single-digit growth for 12 and then maybe a couple of points of market outgrowth for the new products?
Tim Powers: Yes.
Rich Kwas  Wells Fargo: Okay. And then, just Tim last question on transmission spending you know, it certainly seems like you are more positive on the outlook relative to the March Investor Day, could you just give us more color on whats really driving it, it seems like a lot of these projects are or some of these projects are getting released and more or so than what you had originally thought then whats driving and is there any whats the risk that this growth doesnt really play out to the degree that you currently think and whats the major risk there?
Tim Powers: All right. Well, I think whats different between when we spoke earlier in the year and now is we were  I would say piling up awards, we were notified that we were winning and now these projects are being released with pretty short notice, not the usual kind of get ready, get set. Suddenly, we were getting these several months earlier than we thought, which is all good news. Some of these orders will not be shippable until next year and some of them, we are trying hard to get shipped by the end of this year. So, we have visibility into many, many of these projects and the state at which they are at and right now unless there is a change of pace to the industry there is plenty of projects on the drawing board in an advanced stages of bidding that would lead us to believe that there is going to be a decent growth in the transmission side for 2012.
Rich Kwas  Wells Fargo: And then, it sounds like the book of business thats being quoted is expanding as well, out to the future?
Tim Powers: Yes it is. And you know, so we are working on projects that we dont believe will come to bid until 2013. So, there is just a lot of activity going on and we are pretty much on top of every single job. So, we are very pleased with the development on this and its been sometime coming what I think, we are at, you know, a wave of increased level of business that should last into at least 13 perhaps even 14.
Rich Kwas  Wells Fargo:  Okay. Great, thats helpful thanks so much.
Tim Powers: You are welcome.
Operator: It appears there are no further questions at this time. I would now like to turn the conference back to our speakers for any additional or closing remarks.
Jim Farrell:  Okay. Well, this concludes todays call and Bill Sperry and I are available if there are any follow-up questions. And once again thank you all for joining us this morning.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen this does conclude todays conference. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2011 Q2  (2011-07-21 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Jim Farrell - Director, IR Tim Powers - Chairman, President and CEO Dave Nord - SVP and CFO Bill Sperry - VP, Corporate Strategy and Development
Analysts: Christopher Glynn - Oppenheimer Rich Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities Brent Thielman - D.A. Davidson Jeff Beach - Stifel Nicolaus
Operator: Good day, everyone and welcome to the Hubbell Incorporated Second Quarter Results Conference Call. As I reminder, todays call is being recorded. At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Jim Farrell. Please go ahead, sir.
Jim Farrell: Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us. I am here today with Tim Powers, our Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; Dave Nord, our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer and Bill Sperry, our Vice President of Corporate Strategy and Development. Hubbell announced its second quarter results for 2011 this morning. The press release and earnings slide materials have been posted to the investor section of our website at www.hubbell.com. Please note that our comments this morning may include statements related to the expected future results of our company and are therefore forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Therefore, please note that the discussion of forward-looking statements in our press release and consider it incorporated by reference into this call. In addition, comments made here also include some non-GAAP financial measures. Those measures are reconciled to comparable GAAP measures and are included in the press release and the earnings slides materials. Now, let me turn the call over to Tim.
Tim Powers: Thank you. Welcome everyone and thank you for joining us this morning. As this our typical practice on these calls, I will provide you with some overview commentary on the results we announced this morning and then, Dave will walk you through a detailed discussion of our financial performance. I will share my perspective on the outlook for the remainder of 2011 and some closing remarks. We will open it up and take some questions from you. We will refer to presentation materials you can find on our website and I will start on page three. I am very pleased with our performance in the second quarter particularly growing the top line by 10% and our operating margins by 30 basis points despite continuing commodity cost pressures. Our strong financial results in the second quarter are reflective of the performance of our end markets that was better than our expectations. We enjoy particular strength in both our utility and industrial markets while our construction markets, both residential and non-residential continue to face challenges. Our utility customers are spending more on maintenance and repair of their networks and we are seeing a good flow of transmission projects, which is providing growth for our power business. Our industrial side, we see good demand from manufacturing customers, which helps our electrical products and wiring device businesses and well as strengths from the extractive industrial customers, which drives our Harsh & Hazardous business. In non-residential construction, spending on new buildings is still down, but we are getting a strong whiff from retrofit re-like and renovation that is allowing us to grow our commercial and industrial lighting businesses. Unfortunately, residential construction is still slumping at low levels. As you are aware, we entered the quarter with significant upward pressure on commodity costs. Therefore, this quarter was particularly important in providing indications that the pricing actions we took at the beginning of the year appeared to be taking hold. Overall, the quarter still experienced the net headwind, but the gap was narrowed and we expect a favorable balance in the second half of the year. Beyond pricing, we remain focused on positioning our company to succeed in the future and there are several areas worth mentioning this morning. On the new product development side, we have introduced the new wireless control product that allows the user to control lighting in a room. But more importantly, can be installed in a retrofit application without ripping up walls to install wires. The LED area of our lighting platform continues to make important strides. A recent example is the launching of our new D2LED product. This is the first to market a 2-inch aperture downlight that replaces the 6- inch compact fluorescent light. This product is receiving great reviews and is another example of Hubbells leadership in the product development of the solid state lighting area. Our productivity initiatives are making good progress as well and these are key as we need them to overcome cost inflation. In summary, we had a strong quarter moving Hubbell forward as both markets and our financial results were better than our plans, but let me hand it over to Dave, who will give you the details. Dave?
Dave Nord: Thanks Tim, good morning everybody. Im going to start on page 4. First overall, looking at the quarter sales that Tim mentioned, overall sales are up 10% to $709.2 million and thats really with some broad-based improvement other than the residential housing market and it is really led by our utility and industrial markets, both up double digits. Within that 10% year-over-year, 2% of that growth was coming from our price increases that we have been putting in place and working to realize and 2% from foreign currency translation. So, our underlying volume was up 6% year-over-year. Turning the gross margin, the second quarter gross margin of 32.4%, was down 20 basis points from the same time last year and thats really despite the higher volume, its really still reflecting the significant negative impact of commodity costs in excess of our price increases that for the quarter was nearly a full point of negative impact. Offsetting that was certainly the benefit of our volume and the incremental margins as well as the productivity initiatives that we continue to work on and are even more important in this inflationary environment of some of the cost elements. Turning to page 5, our selling and administrative costs were only up 6% consistent with our volume growth to $124.8 million, but as a percent of sales actually down to 17.6% from last years 18.2% and a big benefit of that certainly coming from volume, but also our continued focus on cost discipline as we grow and the markets grow maintaining a discipline around the cost efforts that we put in place during the last couple of years in tough economic times. So our operating profit of $105.1 million is up 12%, operating profit margin up to 14.8%, up 30 basis points and thats really a point of volume contribution offset by the negative price cost situation that we are still dealing with in the second quarter. Turning to page 6, some of the other income statement items, our other expense net of $9.2 million is up 15%. The driver of that increase is really losses on translation of some non-functional currency balances, particularly in currencies that have had some significant movement with the weakening of the dollar, most particularly in our Swiss operation, but on the interest side of that comparable net interest expense despite $100 million of higher debt outstanding from our debt offering last year. We move over to the tax rate, our tax rate for the quarter was 31.5%, thats down 80 basis points from the second quarter last year and really due to the fact that the R&D tax credit that didnt get implemented until late in 2010 is really in place for all of 2011, so that being the driver. So we turn to page 7 and youve got that all translating into net income. Our operating profit up is 12% with the benefit of a lower tax rate partially offset by this currency losses, give us a 13% year-over-year increase in net income and that translating into 13% earnings for diluted share, net earnings diluted share calculation actually has a little bit higher share count from last year; the average was $60.8 million versus $60.2 last year. We continue to work to offset the dilution from equity award exercises and in the quarter in fact we purchased 350,000 shares of stock for about $22 million. So, we finished the end of June with an outstanding share count of $60.5 million. Let me turn now to the segments. First on the electrical segment, sales in the quarter $497.9 million up 9%. Broad-based increases in almost all of the businesses again, except residential and residential lighting. The Harsh & Hazardous business, our connector business, which includes Burndy up in the mid teens, our industrial businesses including our industrial wiring devices are up high single digits, even our commercial and industrial lighting business up low double digits, but that being somewhat offset by the residential lighting business down mid teens So with that sales increase of 9%, 4% of that coming from price and currency, still getting a 5% volume increase helping to drive our higher operating profit of $69.2 million, up 13% at a margin increase of 60 basis points. And again, the volume contributing point to that, but being offset by what are still cost headwinds in the commodity cost price equation in some of those businesses that have started to dissipate as the quarter progressed and we see that turning positive in the rest of the year. Let me turn now to the power segment. Power segment reporting $211.3 million of sales, up 12%, and that is with higher distribution and transmission spending in that business; within that 12%, price contributed 3% of that growth. So the 9% volume increase leading to an 11% operating profit increase to $35.9 million, margin of 17%, down 20 basis points from the second quarter last year, but certainly a significant improvement from what you might recall we had in the first quarter as we were really just beginning to deal with the impacts of negative price costs; that gap starting to close, but still a negative, more significant than the incremental margin that is coming from volume, so for the quarter still down 20 basis points. Turning to cash flow for the quarter, on page 10, free cash flow, which is our operating cash flow less CapEx of $53.8 million, pretty much on our expectations, a little bit of working capital growth in the quarter compared to last year and principally that is due to some planned inventory build that we had in the second quarter in anticipation of the higher sales volumes that we were forecasting for Q3 and Q4. So all-in-all, a very solid quarter by all measures that we are looking at. So, when you add that to our positive first quarter, you get to a year-to-date through June with sales up 12% led by our industrial and utility markets. The non-residential new construction weakness being offset by the good market dynamics in the renovation and re-like and that helping to all offset what is softer than anticipated residential market. Margin up through the 6 months up 70 basis points and that is including the unfavorable price cost impact and again our strong balance sheet. You see that all in the numbers on page 12 with the sales up 12% thats got 9% volume, 2% currency, and 1% price year-to-date, and on the margin side our 70 basis point improvement, very good drop through on our incremental volume, but again being offset by at least through the first half of the year, almost 70 basis points of margin compression from commodity cost in excess of price and then some other inflationary cost headwinds that we worked through with our productivity initials. If you look at the segments year-to-date, the electrical segment on page 13, sales up 11%, largely from the strong industrial markets as well as the renovation and re-like activity. And again an 11% growth, we've got 3% of currency and price. So, 8% volume growth leading to 25% operating profit growth year-over-year, $126.8 million, 13.2% margin. Year-to-date power on page 14, sales of $440.3 million, up 15% with a higher spending on distribution products and an increase in the transmission project activity that have been on the Board for a while and similar to the electrical segment price and currency adding 3 points to sales, so our volume increased up 12%. The power segment operating profit up 7% year-to-date to $61.9 million, a margin of 15.3% thats down 130 basis points year-to-date. I remember we started with a very challenging first quarter comparing and it is improving as the year goes on. So, we are very pleased with that outcome. Free cash flow for the year-to-date till June, $85.3 million conversion against net income of 74% comparable to last year, fairly typical with our business that were a little bit below net income in the first half of the year and then picking up in the second half due to the timing of our sales profiles, although we certainly continued to work to improve on our working capital and if you see that on page 16 where our working capital as a percent of sales continues to improve finishing the second quarter at 17.9%, a level that we are targeting this day and for the rest of the year, and I think that's coming from a number of areas despite the increase in inventory and increase in business, our days outstanding on the receivable side have improved from year and by a day. And our accounts payable days outstanding improving by seven days as we have mentioned in the past, focus on our payable cycle and trying to move to what is closer to an industry average in that regard. All of that focus on working capital and cash generation continuing to support our strong balance sheet. our capital structure on page 17 continues to be solid, a little bit of a net cash increase in the quarter about $13 million from Q1, leaving us well positioned for pursuing acquisitions and I think I will say that the acquisition pipeline continues to be active. A lot of work going into evaluating a lot of transactions, but as is typical, we started with a very broad funnel and it gets narrowed down to critical few that fit our criteria and profile, but I'm optimistic that we have a couple of smaller transactions, more of our typical smaller transactions that could close by sometime in the third quarter or into the fourth quarter. So, I think that activity will start to pickup. Certainly, larger transactions are always longer cycle and fewer in numbers. So, all-in-all, very well positioned as we finish the first half of the year. So, let me turn now to a little bit of our end-market outlook on page 18. You'll note that we've upped our outlook from our previous view a quarter ago and principally in two areas, but let me just go down all four of our markets. First on residential, we started the year assuming residential would probably be flat and this is how we view the end-market. We adjusted it down because of negative bias. We still are certainly viewing it and all the signs are negative, but were maintaining our current view that it will be down lower to mid single digits. Certainly, its something we follow closely. No recovery this year and Im not sure when well see that, probably some maybe next year. On the utility side, thats one that we are now starting to realize particularly the transmission projects that have been on the boards for some time, but the question is when do they ultimately get out into the market and get awarded, and so a lot more of that has started to occur in the second quarter, which gives us more confidence that that market is starting to be realized and thats a big driver for us taking our assumptions to the utility business up from 4% to 6% to the current 7% to 9%. As well, the industrial market and our industrial market mind you has a mixture of (Inaudible) the high voltages, the Harsh & Hazardous as well as the pure factory related industrial. And so, thats kind of a composite that we started the year in the low to mid single digits and as were starting to realize better results and viewed those results as more sustainable and the market seems to be more sustainable, were bringing those up and were now looking at that being at 6% to 8%. And then lastly, in our largest market, the non-residential construction, we are a little more optimistic on where that market is not on the new construction side, that continues to have a lot of weakness, a lot of negative dynamics, but more on the re-like for energy efficiency, retrofit and renovations, which is a bigger part of the expenditures that are occurring without a history particularly on the energy efficiency, very difficult to predict, but as we are progressing through the year, it appears that that market has more sustainability if not some near-term volatility because that is a little bit more of a short cycle business than the historical new construction where you could look out 9 to 12 months from an award and kind of predict with some reliability. So, all of that adds up to an underlying market assumption for us of 3% to 5%. That translates into on page 19, a sales expectation up 7% to 9%, the higher demand on the industrial utility products as well as the favorable pricing, foreign currency and then the other delta is some of the benefit that we get from our new product introductions and pocket some share gains. So, all of that is very positive, although we certainly will continue to be cautious, theres uncertainty around the market, there could be economic shocks, weve got the whole debate on raising the debt limit as well as I mentioned, youve got a little more difficulty in ultimately predicting some of the short cycle activity, which well manage through very carefully. Price and commodity costs are expected to be favorable in the second half, which we are very pleased with. Were working to get that hopefully to be neutral for the year, but even if were neutral for the year and an assumption currently of 2 points coming from price, if you think about the math on that, that actually is dilutive to our operating margins by as much as 30 basis points. So, while were getting better volume, we still believe that our target of 50 basis points at margin improvement will be a very solid performance and I think that 50 basis points will probably be comparable in both the electrical segment and the power business. I think as well as we look out into the rest of the year, I will remind you that we had some dynamic last year in the third and fourth quarter, particularly in the third quarter I recall we had some very strong performance, very strong margins attributable to some very favorable industrial mix, in some cases some project business that would typically happen more ratably quarter-to-quarter. Last year, there was more of it in the third quarter and I would say that that probably contributed an incremental point of margin in the third quarter, so as you are looking at the rest of the year and as were managing through the rest of the year, we see that being a dynamic. And again, our balance sheet is well positioned for acquisitions going forward. So with that, let me turn it back over to Tim for some other comments and then well open up for questions.
Tim Powers: Thanks Dave. Now for a quick summary. The markets have been more favorable than we had initially expected. We have been facing strong upward pressure from commodity prices that have required us to take pricing action across our portfolio of products. Our belief is that these actions already taken will allow for the second half of the year to turn positive and bring the price cost equation into a more balanced position for the year. The result should be a 50 basis point improvement in margins that will result in record EPS results for 2011. So in summary, we are pleased with our positioning. We have a vibrant new product development process. We are focused on lean manufacturing methods and we feel more important to our customers than ever before. Despite construction markets being at or near bottom, we are poised to deliver record EPS performance in 2011, so as growth returns there in the future, we are optimistic about adding value to our customers and our shareholders. Thank you for your attention and now we would be happy to take some of your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Christopher Glynn - Oppenheimer.
Christopher Glynn - Oppenheimer: Thanks, good morning. I just had a question, the cash that you have on the balance sheet, it sounds like a lack of larger deals in the pipeline, weve just got to look at more aggressive share repurchases?
Tim Powers: I would say that we always are considering that and I would say that weve done some share buybacks at this point and it is decision by the quarter Chris, thats all it is, so its just something were looking at and if we have got better use, which means acquisitions, we would go to that first.
Christopher Glynn - Oppenheimer: Okay. And then, as we move into the third quarter, is the sequential pricing and moving into a favorable balance, is that similar across the segments?
Dave Nord: Yes, it is similar, although power is always more challenged, they have higher material content and so that recovery is a little bit slower. And so, I think what we see in the third quarter will probably be more biased toward the electrical segment than the power segment, but still, at least targeting could be neutral if not positive.
Christopher Glynn - Oppenheimer: Got you. And then, how long do you think until you get a good sense of what the wireless controls, what the uptake in the market opportunity is for you there?
Tim Powers: I would say a couple of quarters. It takes a while really to get the word out to train the channel on the selling process around this, but it is a product that were very excited about and its something that would work well for instance in schools and institutions and government buildings that you can preset lighting levels to for instance, classrooms and with a couple of settings turn the ordinary classroom and its something thats considerable energy savings without as we describe a lot of extra labor to connect the controls to the lighting fixtures.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your next question comes from Rich Kwas with Wells Fargo Securities.
Rich Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities: Hi guys, how are you? Good morning.
Dave Nord: Hey Rich.
Rich Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities: Dave or Tim, could you give us some color on how demand trends played through the quarter? It seemed like for overall industrial and utility were pretty good and construction maybe not as good, but just how we went through April, May, June, just any color along those lines would be helpful?
Tim Powers: I would say that the stronger markets have followed the traditional path of increasing strength month-over-month and remained as we said, a little bit stronger than we had anticipated going into the quarter, which is why we have raised our guidance on those markets and the new construction non-residential side, both commercial and resi are weaker than we've thought they would be, and I would say in the category of stronger is in the LED side, which continues to be growing at a terrific rate. So, the stronger getting stronger month-over-month just following sort of the construction cycles and the weaker markets are getting a little bit stronger, but still on a relative basis, reflecting all the numbers you see about them.
Rich Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities: Okay and then on lighting, you've had some data points from some of the other competitors in this space, the largest player seemed to be having kind of difficulty there, it just seems like you are little more positive about lighting. What are you seeing in the market, I mean, if you could break it out between just demand, volume and then just margins that would be helpful?
Tim Powers: I would say that there is certainly a weakness overall in the C&I market on the new construction side and the projects that are there are centered around institution, government, and they are much fewer as you can imagine based on the macro statistics than you would like to see. On the other hand, the re-like side, the major industrials are really paying attention to energy consumption and spending the money that it takes to upgrade facilities, and these would be, Fortune 100 names that are going facility-by-facility to do the right job on that. In addition, there are some projects on the government side from the stimulus, which are relighting some fairly large buildings too, but the paybacks thats the cost of energy is rising certainly more attractive every time.
Rich Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities: And then on the industrial side on the lighting, is that direct or does that go through distribution?
Tim Powers: Pardon me, could you say that again?
Rich Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities: The industrial lighting; does that go through distribution or would that be in some cases direct?
Tim Powers: No, it goes through the normal channel. It's specified by the lighting agents that go through distribution almost always.
Rich Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities: Okay, great. Thanks so much.
Tim Powers: Thanks.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your next question comes from Brent Thielman with D.A. Davidson
Brent Thielman - D.A. Davidson: Hi, good morning.
Dave Nord: Good morning.
Brent Thielman - D.A. Davidson: Just on your guidance for sort of the right guidance for the second half for sales. Could you kind of break it down, how much do you expect from price increases versus volume increases versus sort of Forex?
Dave Nord: Well, I think the full year pricing we expect to be about 2 points. That's ramping up, so there will be a little bit more strength as the year progresses into the third and into the fourth quarter, but currency based on today's rates, we would probably be another 1 to 2 points.
Brent Thielman - D.A. Davidson: Okay, thats helpful. And then, just remind me, were there any meaningful pricing actions taken in the second half of 2010?
Tim Powers: Nothing that had any significant effect in 2010. We did have some price increases late in the year that we are targeting to have effect at the beginning of this year, and I'm just talking from memory, now I don't remember anything significant.
Brent Thielman - D.A. Davidson: Okay, thats fair. And then, on the utility side of things, is the pipeline of sort of forthcoming transmission and distribution projects, maybe not one you are directly participating right now, but your tracking it, is it increasing, stable, declining maybe relative to where you were at the start of the year?
Tim Powers: It's increasing. It's a very active market right now and so, a lot of these have been in the pipeline for some time and now there is action beginning to be taken. So, we are quite pleased with the prospects of that market even into 2012 as we can see.
Brent Thielman - D.A. Davidson: Okay, thank you very much.
Operator:
 :
Jeff Beach - Stifel Nicolaus: Yes, good morning.
Tim Powers: Hi Jeff.
Jeff Beach - Stifel Nicolaus: Can you breakdown the spending strength on the utility side between transmission and distribution, give us a better sense for that?
Tim Powers: We don't usually get very specific about that, but I can tell you anecdotally that a significant increase on the transmission side of our business is coming from these projects and that the number of awards we have received in 2011 are definitely much higher than 2010, and what's in front of us is also active and we've seen your list of projects and we're tracking every one of those and some other ones that are quite small, but that are important to our customers and we think we are doing pretty well in terms of winning our share of those.
Jeff Beach - Stifel Nicolaus: And how would you describe the growth in distribution? Is it at a moderate level, it's kind of hard to see spending trends from the whole industry at this point in 2011?
Tim Powers: Well, I would say that part of it wasn't planned on their part and that there were some extreme whether in widespread parts of the country that has really had utilities doing repair work beyond what they had intended to spend, and they are not finished with all that work, I mean some of it as you know, when you get storms, you get things up and do it quickly, but not in the finished way you'd like to have it. So, I think part of it is these widespread storms, but I think there is more repair work to be done behind it. So, I think really it has lifted the whole market this year on the distribution side in a way that the utility customers really didn't expect to spend, but are having to spend. And the other side of it is, with the summer, the way it is starting, the revenues are much stronger due to the heat. And so, I think they have the cash to come up with these expenditures. So, the distribution side of utility is stronger than we expected it to be just three months ago.
Jeff Beach - Stifel Nicolaus: Lastly, on the very strong demand in the industrial, can you expand a little bit on what you are seeing? If this is new projects, it's upgrading of facilities and then specifically refer to the very strong growth in Burndy and whether some of that might be coming from market share gains, because of your ownership?
Tim Powers: Okay, I could take a few vertical segments and say that the auto industry as you know is producing more vehicles and we're seeing them spend more capital and as a result, that's good for any number of our products that are supplied to that industry. The energy side, both the oil and gas side and the mining side are doing well due to the prices of those commodities and the strength there is pretty impressive. On the Burndy side, I would say they have enjoyed some of the ramp up of those markets as well as I agree that there are some very positive synergies on their revenue from joining the Hubbell family.
.:
Jeff Beach - Stifel Nicolaus: All right, thank you.
Operator: And Mr. Farrell, there are no other questions from anybody. At this time, I would like to turn this conference back over to you for any additional or closing remarks.
Jim Farrell: All right, well this concludes today's call Bill Sperry and I are around for the rest of the day in case anyone has any follow-up questions. And once again, we would like to thank you all for joining us today.
Operator: And again that does conclude today's conference. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2010 Q3  (2010-10-21 10:00:00) =====
Executives:  Bill Sperry  Vice President, Corporate Strategy & Development Tim Powers  Chairman, President & CEO Dave Nord  CFO
Analysts:  Bob Cornell  Barclays Capital Christopher Glynn  Oppenheimer Jeff Sprague  Vertical Research Partners Steve Tusa  JP Morgan Scott Davis  Morgan Stanley Rich Klaas  Wells Fargo 
Operator: Good day everyone. Welcome to the Hubbell Incorporated third quarter results conference call. As a reminder, todays call is being recorded. And now, for opening remarks, and introductions I would like to turn the call over to Bill Sperry. Please go ahead sir.
Bill Sperry: Thank you and good morning everyone. Welcome to Hubbells 2010 third quarter earnings call. Im joined today by Tim Powers, our Chairman, President and CEO, Dave Nord, our Chief Financial Officer and Jim Farrell, our Director of Investor Relations. Hubbell announced its third quarter earnings this morning and hopefully you found that press release already off of the wires, or from our website. Youll also find presentation materials on the website that Tim and Dave will refer to on the call today. Let me refer everyone listening to the call to the paragraph in our press release and in the materials regarding forward-looking statements. The press release and materials may contain expectations based on assumptions and Hubbells performance in the future, particularly regarding our earnings. We also may make some comments here today on this call or answer questions which may include forward-looking statements. All of these involve inherent assumptions with known and unknown risks and other factors that can cause our actual or future results to differ perhaps materially from what we may discuss or project today. So please note that paragraph in our release, and Id like to consider incorporated by reference into the call this morning. In addition, we may make reference to non-GAAP financial measures that management finds useful in evaluating performance. Those measures are reconciled to comparable GAAP measures in the appendix to the presentation material. And with that, Id like to turn it over to Tim.
Tim Powers: Welcome everyone and thank you for joining us this morning. Dave and I will be referring to presentation materials you hopefully have found on our website. I will begin todays call with an overview and then Dave will provide a detailed analysis of our financial performance. I will conclude by providing my perspective on the outlook for the remainder of 2010 and into 2011 as well as some closing remarks. Then we will open it up and take questions from you. I am starting on page three of the materials. Hubbells performance in the third quarter was very strong. Sales growth and margin expansion drove a significant improvement in earnings per share for the quarter. I am very pleased with the results Hubbell is delivering, a sign of solid market positioning and outstanding execution. Lets move to a review of our end markets. Nonresidential construction is our largest market and continues to provide a headwind. Private construction is the hardest hit as the supply of building relative to demand, combined with difficult to obtain construction financing continue to drag down new starts. Public spending has been relatively stronger as it has been aided by some stimulus activity. In addition, we continue to experience strong growth in the areas of retrofit, renovation and building controls. We feel that the sharp contraction of residential construction since 2006 has reached bottom and will likely bump along for a few quarters as foreclosures and unemployment drag on the housing market. However, a return to more normal levels of annual construction creates a very positive multiple year picture of growth rates for our residential business. The industrial market demonstrated real strength during the quarter. We experienced impressive growth in the lines like wiring system, where increase in the output of key manufacturing sectors require spending on Hubbell devices to keep factories running safely and efficiently. In addition, our high voltage testing equipment line experienced a jump in shipments as demand grew from OEM customers and in emerging markets where infrastructure is being installed. The utility story for the year is playing out as we have described to you on previous calls. The drop in electricity demand in 2009 felt by our utility customers has been replaced by growth in 2010, and so the abatement spending that was deferred, has largely come back, resulting in a growth for our power segment in the third quarter. The large capital intensive transmission projects are still being pushed off until 2011 and beyond as rate increases are not being supported locally. The net result of our end markets was some decent organic growth, but I believe the story of the quarter continues to be our margin and the productivity efforts of our team. We continue to make progress of lean activities, product redesign, facilities consolidation and more efficient and effective centralized services. The full range of these activities is producing impressive results as margin expanded by 180 basis points to over 17 percent. There are a series of topics from the quarter that I would like to comment on here. First, is China, where we opened up a plant near Shanghai that is making power systems products. It is encouraging to see a multi-national team dig in and get that effort off the ground, where experience from Mexico and the U.S. was critical to a successful implementation. Second is Europe. I just got back from a trip with Gary Amato who runs our electrical system business. The operations are oriented to harsh and hazardous applications, so the quality is very high and the specifications demanding. Those facilities are outstanding, and our products are well positioned to thrive as they serve the energy and heavy industrial markets with attractive margins. The third area of dimension in LED. We continue to operate at a pace to double that business each year. We are spending a lot of time with national accounts on outdoor applications where we think this is the sweet spot for early adoption. Examples include parking lots and outdoor lighting. Hubbells products are winning acceptance in those competitive processes, and we stand poised to lead the new technology forward. Of great importance to us is that most of this work is retrofit, so it represents an incremental opportunity to our traditional construction business. With that, let me turn it over to Dave, and he will give a more detailed picture of our results.
Dave Nord: All right. Thanks Tim. Good morning everybody. Let me give you a little more color on the financial impacts of some of the things that Tims just talked about. Im going to start on page four of our presentation, talking about our Q3 sales. First off, reporting $685 million of sales. Thats up $91 million from the third quarter of last year. 15 percent growth, nine points of that growth coming from the addition of Burndy. Recall that Burndy was acquired and closed just at the beginning of the fourth quarter, so this is the last quarter that well have that comparison discussion. As well, strong industrial and utility growth, so the core growth underneath the 15 was six points. On the gross margin side, very good performance on gross margin, reporting 34.3 percent, up 180 basis points from the third quarter of last year. A lot of thing contributing to that, most significantly itd be ongoing productivity gains from the cost reduction actions weve taken last year as well as the long term investments that weve been making. As Burndy is a positive contributor in the quarter, running at, as you recall, weve talked in the past that Burndy runs at a higher gross margin, as Ill mention later. They have a higher selling cost element to drive that, but that was a positive contributor, as well as a higher mix of our industrial products both in wiring device as well as our high voltage product lines. All that served to more than offset what is still increased commodity cost headwind that cost us a little over a point just on commodity cost with some, but fairly minimal, price implication benefit, or certainly not enough to offset that. Turning to page five, selling and administrative expense of $117.6 million, up 16% largely consistent with our growth and volume. A little bit of a  just a tenth of a point uptick as a percent of sales. So we held it fairly constant although within there as I mentioned, is the impact of Burndy which runs at a higher rate, and that actually cost us close to half a point on the rate. So the underlying benefit that were seeing from the cost reduction actions last year are embedded within that 17.2 percent. So all that leads to operating profit of $117.6 million, margin of 17.2 percent, up 180 basis points. And again, largely due to the productivity benefit, the contribution from Burndy, good industrial mix in our products, more than offsetting what is the commodity cost headwind that we still face as many do. Turning to page six, net interest expense of $7.8 million, fairly constant with last year due to comparable borrowing levels. As you know, weve got about $500 million of long term debt outstanding. Its running at an average coupon rate of just over six percent. Our tax rate, talk a little bit more about that. For the quarter our tax rate was 34.3 percent. Thats up 280 basis points from last year. A couple of things driving that; first, as you know, weve been tracking for the year to a rate of about 32.5 so its up even against that. A big driver is that we concluded in the third quarter an audit of our Federal tax returns for years 06 and 07, and the result of that was an agreement for some additional cost that we have to incur, and that resulted in a $2.2 million incremental expense within the third quarter. As well, on a year over year basis, were still not benefiting from the R&D tax credit that we had last year; hoping that it will get passed in the fourth quarter, but not you know, making any predictions on that. So absent the tax audit conclusion, still running at our 32.5 rate or thereabouts. Turning to page seven, net income then, all of that driving to net income of $71.3 million, up 24 percent due to our higher sales, our higher operating income, offset somewhat by our higher tax rate. That leads to earnings per diluted share of $1.18, up 17 percent. As I mentioned, youve got $0.04 of tax cost. That was unplanned, so absent that, youd be at 21 percent. We also have the impact of more shares outstanding. As you recall we had a share issuance in the fourth quarter of 09 for three million shares so that creates some dilution, but certainly for the quarter, that was more than offset by the contribution from Burndy for which the equity offering was largely based off of. Let me get to the segment results now in the quarter. First on page eight, the Electrical segment results. Sales of $490.6 million, up $76 million or 18 percent from last year. Obviously Burndy providing a big contribution there at 13 percent, but absent Burndy, still up five percent, and I think as Tim mentioned, weve got strength in a number of areas. Industrial products continue to show strength, strong high voltage and test equipment, more than offsetting the nonresidential weakness. From a business standpoint, we look at our Wiring products business with volume up about 14 percent from the third quarter of last year. Our Electrical products up 10 percent largely from the industrial and high voltage products, and then lighting down three percent, largely from a C&I perspective or commercial/industrial down four percent, certainly much better performance than we were anticipating as we went into the year, but still a negative implication. More importantly, on the operating profit, operating profit of $83.9 million, up 63 percent with a nearly five point margin improvement to 17.2 percent. Contributors to that, first is the higher volume providing the incremental that you would expect from higher volume as well as the productivity gains that were getting from the various initiatives from cost reduction actions to plant closures to product redesign. Burndy contribution, a positive contributor in the quarter and the higher industrial mix. So all in all, very good results in the Electrical segment. On the Power side, good volume growth in the quarter, up eight percent from a year ago, you know, tracking very much as we expected. You recall we started the year slow, but we expected the full year to show growth and we started to see that in the third quarter and expect that to continue into the fourth, with improved spending on distribution products, although the larger transmission products are a little bit slower, and being pushed out. On the performance side though, more challenges despite the volume growth with operating of $33.7 million, down 15 percent and margins down 480 basis points. A lot of that due to first and foremost, our increase in commodity cost which historically has hit the power business most significantly because of the high steel and other metals content. That was almost three points of a detriment. Weve got higher selling and administrative costs, some of that attributable to some of the investments that were making in new products as well as new facilities. Tim mentioned our facility opening up in China, so youve got some incremental costs associated with that. The good news is there still is productivity that were continuing to drive, and thats obviously been our story all along. And I think youve got an element of some mix there. Despite the higher volume, the storm season has been a little weaker than normal, and than expected, and that generally results in sales of products with higher margin as well as some of the shifts in some of the distribution products from year to year can be to lower from higher volume business. So otherwise, what were very pleased with certainly is the good growth in the market and the recovery in the market. Clearly challenges on the commodity side, and I think thats going to require us to be even more disciplined and likely more aggressive in pricing going forward as we look into next year. Q3 cash flow, cash flow from operations of $82.9 million. Free cash flow after CapEx $71.4 million, equal to net income for the quarter, a little bit less than we would have liked and certainly expected, some of that due specifically to collections on receivables that rolled from the last couple days of September into the first couple days of October. So its not something that were worried about operationally, other than the timing between quarter end and into the fourth quarter. So turning now to the year to date, just trying to put the third quarter in perspective. That means were reporting sales of up eight percent compared to the first nine months of 2009 with Burndy contributing nine percent of the growth. So the underlying business through the first nine months down, but all of that coming in the first half with recovery starting to be reflected as were in the second half of the year. The industrial market has been an area of strength. Utility spending has improved throughout the year and expect that to continue. And the nonresidential has been weak, but partially offset as weve said in the past, with the renovations, relight, controls and energy efficiency as well as the public spending that has offset some of the weakness in the private sector. Margin improvement of 240 basis points driven by productivity. Obviously keep in perspective, thats 240 basis points year to date. We had 180 basis points in the third quarter so the biggest contributor of that was in the first half where the compares were much easier against the challenges we saw in the first half of 2009. They get more difficult as the year progresses and I think well see that even into the fourth quarter as we look at our normal calendarization. Were also dealing with throughout the year, unfavorable price commodity cost impact. We expected the pricing environment to be difficult. Despite that, we put through many price increases throughout the year and realized some of them, but certainly no enough to offset what has been a more challenging commodity cost environment and so we continue to focus on that and will work to get back to our normal standard of parity between price and cost, not likely until sometime next year. And Burndys performing well, so all good contributors. Our year to date results, as I said sales up 8%. Were really wanting to, the one thing to focus on is the tax rate. We saw the tax rate of 33.2 year-to-date is up 170 basis points and you can think about that very simply as two contributors, half due to this conclusion of a tax audit and the other half year-over-year due to the absence of R&D. So the underlying run rate that we are experiencing is consistent with what weve expected throughout the year, about 32.5%. If by chance the R&D Tax Credit Legislation gets approved in the fourth quarter, that rate would change but well wait and see what happens and then recognize it accordingly. From a segment standpoint year-to-date, weve got the electrical segment with sales up 12%. Again Burndy adding more than that of 13%, underlying businesses though with wiring up 12% year-to-date, electrical products up just over 1% offset by the weakness in the lighting business particularly the C&I business again more 10% down year-to-date. Most of that in the first half, the magnitudes of the decline diminishing as the year is progressing. More importantly on the performance, operating profit up 68% year-to-date at a $185 million with productivity the biggest contributor to that margin improvement, lower  Burndy contributing some on a year-to-date basis not as much as in the quarter. And lower restructuring costs, some of the costs actions that we took last year certainly in the first half, the absence of those is a positive. As well as the positive mix of industrial products in particular. On the power segment page 14, year-to-date sales flat or actually down 1% year-to-date and thats what the weakness in the first half, but were seeing the higher spending on distribution products as the year progresses. Our backlog has built somewhat with the transmission projects delayed and lower storm volume year-to-date year-over-year costing us about a point in volume year-over-year. On the operating profit, down 13% at $91.7 million just over two points largely due to the pricing, commodity costs. Youll recall that last year we had some very strong positive price costs. So we expected some of that to turn around this year. And weve just based with the higher commodity costs that were working through to get recovery. But all of that being managed against the continuing focused on productivity gains. And then year-to-date cash flow, year-to-date cash flow of  free cash flow of $142.2 million. Thats after $33.8 million of CapEx more of our normal run rate targeting to a $45 million to $55 million capital expenditure. Lot of emphasis on working capital. Weve had some build in our receivables, a lot of it. And if I turn the page and really talk to working capital, you see that weve had the on page 16, you see that continued increase although youll note if you look back to the third quarter of last year that there is a normal seasonality to our business, a very predictable seasonality to our business. And we see that first and foremost in cash flow right here as we have the normal build of receivables from the strong volume performance in the construction season in the third quarter as well as some of the inventory. A lot of that comes back in the fourth quarter. Youll recall last years fourth quarter I think had free cash flow order of magnitude $90 million. So we typically have very strong cash flow performance. I think thats actually offset by what, it is also weaker operating performance, our normal categorization our third quarter is always our strongest quarter. And its followed, if you go back and look at the last five years, our volumes are off. On average over the last five years a mid to high single-digit range and there is a significant margin decline sequentially. Partially due to that volume decline as well as a lot of yearend timing issues that occur, fewer shipping days, some compensation cost that can only get recognized in the fourth quarter. So very normal dynamics that weve seen in the past and we clearly expect to see again on both working capital and operating profit. Turning to page 17, our capital structure continues to strengthen with our increase in cash flow generation. Our debt to capital moving to 26% from 28% at the end of the year and our net debt to cap down to 6%, although keep in mind that thats reflective of all of our cash balances, some of which is weve talked about in the past are not readily available or on a cost effective basis because theyre offshore. And well we continue to look at additional investment opportunities. And we focus generally in an order of use of our cash flow on dividends maintaining and when appropriate increasing our dividends, investing first in our business from a CapEx standpoint and new products and productivity and efficiency, acquisitions, a key element of our growth strategy in the past and going into the future and lastly share repurchases if the market and is opportune. And lastly, if there is nothing else that if we think that there is no better use of that cash. In this market, we clearly believe that the best use of our investments are in the first three and were very actively and aggressively looking at the acquisition pipeline. So, with that Ill turn it back to Tim to provide some perspective on the rest of this year and next year.
Tim Powers: Thanks Dave. Lets turn to page 18 in our outlook for the remainder of 2010. We expect organic sales to be roughly comparable to last year, but an increase of 7% when including Burndy. This would include the level of seasonality we typically experienced in the fourth quarter of the year mainly where lower volumes resulting the impact of cold weather on construction activity, accounted with fewer days and distributors were considering yearend incentives in inventory levels as they close out the year. The full year expectation for margins would be a 180 basis point improvement over the prior year and free cash flow is expected to be roughly equal to net income which would imply the seasonal liquidation of working capital during the fourth quarter. Lets turn to page 19 in our preliminary outlook for 2011. We will provide more detail for you at the end of our year at the call in January, but our directional expectation is that three of our four markets will be growing and this just provide us with modest growth overall for the company. Hubbell is providing its value to customers each and every day. We are providing a broad array of high quality and excellent brands with high service levels. We are focused on leading out our operations to retain a competitive cost position in the industry. Cash flow generated from the business allows us to return an attractive dividends to our shareholders as well as to make investments in growing the company both organically and through acquisition. And we manage our leverage and liquidity position conservatively to best position us for the future. Thank you for your attention. And now we would be happy to take your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Well go first to Bob Cornell with Barclays Capital. Please go ahead sir.
Bob Cornell  Barclays Capital: Yes, obviously you paint a very good picture but I wanted to focus on some of the opportunity I say, I mean you talked about the non-res still being on the week side but again maybe give some color in terms of inquire rates, quotation rates, pipeline types of visibility out down the road, Tim.
Tim Powers: I would say that the year on non-residential construction has turned out to be certainly lower than the previous year but not as bad as we anticipated it would be. And I would say that the comparisons are steadily moving in a favorable  more favorable direction. We would expect some modest that is sort of mid-single-digit declines next year but then there is favorable trends as we pointed out with retrofit and lighting controls and certain areas of growth. So less that is the kind of the story of non-res.
Bob Cornell  Barclays Capital: Well I guess, in that view for 011, would there be a point where you see the even though the number is down for the year, would you expect the numbers to track positive given the way that the comps are tracking at some point, second half of next year?
Tim Powers: It could possibly be that case Bob. But I think well have a lot more clarity as we get through the fourth quarter better view of that. But the trend is improving.
Bob Cornell  Barclays Capital: Right. I guess here the other question is on transmission, the part thats lagging, I mean you talked about those projects being deferred by how long, by how much. When do you see those comps turning positive as well?
Tim Powers: I would say that were back in a very active cycle in the moment in quotation of these projects which means they have been delayed, some of them a year up to 18 months, while were encouraged by what we see at this time. And were hopeful that some of these could come back for 2011.
Bob Cornell  Barclays Capital: And you kept mentioning the price, cost issue as you and Dave went through the presentation, but I mean last year you had very favorable tailwind at this point and so were comping normally almost with regard to price and cost, I mean how about just color on the go-forward in terms of the ability to get price to cover cost?
Tim Powers: As this period of lower economic activity stretches out, its not easy to recover it what I would say we are determined to do that. And when you put to price increases in place to be able to do that and the negative balance of price, cost is improving as we get to the end of the year. And I would say there is probably some further price increases that are appropriate based on whats happening to metals. Copper in particular is one.
Bob Cornell  Barclays Capital: Okay, thanks. Ill turn over to the queue. Thank you.
Tim Powers: Sure.
Operator: Well go next to Christopher Glynn with Oppenheimer. Your line is open sir.
Christopher Glynn  Oppenheimer: Thanks. Yes, just going back to the mid-single-digits decline for the non-res next year. Tim is that the market commentary or is that rolling in your favorable trends with some of the areas of lighting?
Tim Powers: Thats a market commentary. We would expect to do little better than when you include the areas of growth that are growing say at 20% or our comments on LED doubling would be modifiers for that trend.
Christopher Glynn  Oppenheimer: Okay, and the other commentary on the productivity, I know that versus last year there certainly been a years worth of productivity initiatives but just sequentially we saw something like 70% conversion of the revenues. And on the sequential dynamics, we have the HV test and the Burndy, I mean how significant where those?
Tim Powers: I would say we had across the board improvement in the electrical segment. The wiring device business was significantly better. The lighting business performed quite well in the phase of a very difficult market. And of course, the harsh and hazardous and test equipment business also performed well. So they were just about every piece of the electrical segment contributed to the upward trend here.
Christopher Glynn  Oppenheimer: Okay, and HV test I think its a little bit more of a backlog oriented business for you. Can you talk about the visibility into the continued improvement there?
Tim Powers: Yes, I would say certainly the margins are terrific and we shipped a couple of very large orders to emerging market parts. Incoming orders were not quite as high as whats being shipped but still looking like quite a good year coming up for 2011, not quite as good as 2010.
Christopher Glynn  Oppenheimer: Okay, great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: And well go next to Jeff Sprague with Vertical Research Partners. Your line is open sir.
Jeff Sprague  Vertical Research Partners: Thanks, good morning.
Tim Powers: Good morning.
Dave Nord: Good morning.
Jeff Sprague  Vertical Research Partners: Just a couple of more things on T&D if you could elaborate a little bit more, I had to jump off the call mid-way. So Im sorry if its a little bit repetitive. But I got the comment on T stuff sliding to the right and I guess no surprise there. But could you give a little more completion Tim on whats happening on the D side, where youre seeing some pickup. Is it stock products, is it storm related and any particular products your geography is standing out?
Tim Powers: Well its certainly not storm related because the weather has really been quite good and really hasnt been much in the way of storm business up to this point. But its a return of the large utilities to spending what they need to, to keep lines maintained as opposed to what happened last year when they were very surprised by the downturn in electrical consumption and put the brakes on spending. So what I would describe as a bounce back to the normal level of spending. Its not a high level of spending, but its better than it was. And its  our products are more  our sales are more distribution oriented just because of this sliding of utility spending on the transmission side. And particularly substations, its an area thats been weak on a year-over-year comparison. And that is an indication of the putting the brakes on even the intermediate pieces of spending, not the big, high voltage lines but the improvement on the grid overall. So I would expect some of that to bounce back up as we get into 2011.
Jeff Sprague  Vertical Research Partners: What do you think about the state of inventory at the utility level itself and their yards and the like?
Tim Powers: I would say that it is not high. I would say theyre buying what they need and managing their cash flow very intently. I would say that even in utility distribution, we do not have an excess inventory out there either. I think what weve suffered through in the back half of 2009 was really a draining of the channel from the end customer and the distributor in the phase of that downturn in spending. And I think that theyve been quite tight fisted both participants in the market in terms of restocking their inventory positions.
Jeff Sprague  Vertical Research Partners: And this notion of substation still being neglected but perhaps picking up, is that just a very logical sounding theory which it does sound logical or is there in fact some early order indications or other activity that suggest maybe thats starting to happen?
Tim Powers: Its my view that it has to improve because the level to which it fell isnt one thats off a normal maintenance, you know I mean its down below sort of the average for long time. And I dont think that this spending has been at sustainable rate to keep the grid in normal repair.
Jeff Sprague  Vertical Research Partners: Okay. And Im sorry if this was addressed earlier, but just on lighting. Could you provide some color on the success of price in the channel, distributors willingness to kind of accept and try to pass on and what the give and take is there?
Tim Powers: I think distributors are always willing to try to pass on price as it is to their benefit. But as you know in the lighting business this is more of a job business in the commercial industrial product lines and the pricing on jobs because of the low number of them are pretty tough. So its in this area of commercial construction including what would be part of our vehicle brands where pricing pressure is the most intense that we see. But not any different than at this time in the cycle, your volume is scarce and the competitive battle over the jobs is at the normal level.
Jeff Sprague  Vertical Research Partners: Okay, thank you very much.
Tim Powers: Sure.
Operator: And our next question comes from Steve Tusa with JP Morgan. Please go ahead sir.
Steve Tusa  JP Morgan: Hi good morning.
Tim Powers: Good morning.
Dave Nord: Good morning.
Steve Tusa  JP Morgan: On the non-res construction side, you mentioned there is a bit of bifurcation between the renovation, relight controls. What percentage of your business is the stuff thats going pretty well and what percentage is still kind of stuck here in the buildings?
Dave Nord: Well we dont really give those percentages but I can give you sort of the order of magnitude. The vast majority of the market for most of us in the electrical business is new construction and that is where the amount of square footage being put in place is down substantially. What is the new opportunity? And thats certainly a much smaller part of the business whos on the retrofit, relight, and controls, but its growing at quite a fast pace. So we havent really been specific in public about what those two relationships are. But I would say the vast majority is the part of the business thats still going downwards.
Tim Powers: Steve we have mentioned in the past that weve got businesses that are actually very focused in those areas, so we do have pretty good visibility to at least from our own business whats happening there, and those are clearly operating in the double-digits high teen 20% range in the current quarter, and were seeing an acceleration of the activity there. So thats all consistent with what we expect as to be a mitigating factor again. But still weak core new construction and nonres.
Steve Tusa  JP Morgan: And in the vast majority of the activity there, is that stimulus related? And is there a concern that kind of runs its course over the next few quarters and peters out?
Tim Powers: I would say stimulus isnt exactly the word I would use. There is some stimulus money being spent on government buildings to improve their energy efficiency which is badly needed. But there is just some tax credits and things provided by public utilities that I dont really think are going to go away that are adding incrementally to the return. But he returns are fairly compelling for relighting buildings and just on their own. So I really wouldnt expect this to slow down anytime soon. I would expect if anything as the adoption of the new lighting technology and controls becomes better understood, that this would continue to grow at even a faster rate.
Steve Tusa  JP Morgan: Right. And then just looking out to next year from a price cost perspective, if the year were kind of  if we just carried the current pricing you put through today assuming raw materials go nowhere for the next several months, you kind of end the year at a certain level, what would be the net impact of price increases you already have in place and then the raw material costs that youre facing? I guess my question is basically you maybe a little bit squeezed for the next couple of quarters, but there is price help on the way, and Im just curious as to how much of that is eaten through by just carrying the current rate of commodity, inflation over to next year?
Tim Powers: Well, if I were that good on predicting the commodities to be anywhere near tamed they have been very volatile, I would expect with the economic policies in the United States and our need to keep interest rates low and the dollar weakening that commodities will rise, and the battle to keep our prices up would be a continuing one into 2011, and were expecting that, and we expect to be able to succeed and get back what we need to from the marketplace. But I would say its anything but a calm picture moving forward. But its the same battle weve contended with continuously, so its just part of our normal operating procedure.
Steve Tusa  JP Morgan: And is there any incremental productivity for next year?
Tim Powers: We would expect incremental productivity next year. We see quite a wide opportunity yet to continue to improve our business. We were speaking about product redesign, better procurements in a shared services environment, plant relocations, product relocations, just the wide variety of activities we continue to work on as a company, and we would expect productivity to continue to improve in the 2011 and beyond into 2012.
Steve Tusa  JP Morgan: Okay. And then one last question, sorry, sorry just one more here. On the revenue with outlook for next year, you used the term modest increase and then earlier in the Q&A you talked about modest as being mid-single digit. When I look at your revenue comps this year, there you just basically had your first quarter of meaningful growth here in the third quarter, so it doesnt appear to me that all year youve been benefiting from significant uptick in demand. So why wouldnt that comp be better next year? It seems to me that youre not exactly facing the toughest level of activities in 2010. There hasnt really been that much snap back in your business, especially relative to others, who Im sure are going to guide somewhere in kind of a mind single range. I mean is this conservatism or maybe you could just talk directionally about what modest growth means next year?
Tim Powers: Well, I would say that from the way weve been describing our four markets, we would expect three of those markets to improve somewhere in the range you talked about. But, if you remember our largest market, which is nonresidential construction, is expected to fall. So when you blend these markets together, you get something below 5% as our next years expected revenue. And also were a quarter away yet, so we would like another opportunity to talk about the precision of this view. But we expect certainly our revenues to increase year-over-year.
Steve Tusa  JP Morgan: Perfect and I do appreciate  a lot of companies arent really talking about 11 yet, so I appreciate the heads up on that early, thanks.
Tim Powers: Sure.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Well go next to Scott Davis with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Scott Davis  Morgan Stanley: Good morning, guys.
Dave Nord: Good morning.
Tim Powers: Good morning, Scott.
Scott Davis  Morgan Stanley: A couple of things that havent been covered; one, just on free cash flow generation, which is, as you said timely issues, thatll be great for year. Can you talk about M&A pipeline, what you do if you think out into 2011 and youre generating all this cash? I mean it doesnt make a lot of sense to pay down your debt at these types of interest rates. But are there other brundies [ph] out there or are there other kind of bolt  smaller bolt-on acquisitions or what can we expect out of your guys in the next 12 months in that area?
Tim Powers: We are always looking for opportunities to add to our portfolio. Brundies dont come along all the time, but certainly bolt-ons are pretty much were looking at a series of those all the time, and then its a question of value and price. But certainly we would expect to deploy some of our cash on acquisitions into 2011. Thats our goal, thats our objective, thats what we try to do on a continuous basis. That is the best use of our money except or perhaps reinvesting in our own company with CapEx and productivity improvements.
Scott Davis  Morgan Stanley: Okay, it makes sense. Now I want to dig in a little bit to customer inventories. I mean when you think in terms of past cycles, one of the catalyst for customers to take inventory on is obviously a rising commodity price environment whether youre getting hit with a price increase every quarter, every couple of quarters, but we havent seen that yet. So what do you see as far as patterns and your customer behavior and inventories, is there something different this time or has this just not happened yet?
Tim Powers: No, I would say that certainly distributors increase their inventories as their volume increases. And if you would take the whole electrical industry and say its at a some small single digit growth, then inventories were probably risen by 4%, 5%. But because of the slow nature of the recovery in the construction business, there is no real pressing need for them to run out and increase their inventories in a short time. Theyre making gradual adjustments as they need to, because the nature of the recovery has been slow, so I would expect that to continue. I dont expect distributors or end customers to increase their inventories. The one exception to that is some of our industrial OEMs whose business has picked up more than 10% then you would see distributors stocking those specific inventories in proportion to the increase in demand.
Scott Davis  Morgan Stanley: Okay that makes sense. Can we talk a little bit about tax planning and a couple of things to note. One, clearly youre about 80%, I dont know 84%, 85% US versus most of  the rest of our coverage group is more global, so its a little bit easier to do tax planning. What can you do given that we maybe in a somewhat rising in a corporate tax environment for the next several years. I mean does this argue to get a little bit more global and scales you could take advantage of some tax planning strategies that your peers have or is there any other things that you can do domestically to make sure that you dont get kind of run over by government policy?
Tim Powers: We are always working to try to minimize or pay only those taxes that were required to. But if you look at our strategy for the entire business, its really to build on the economic power that we have in America and Canada. And really we feel that growing our business and strengthening the North American business has a more positive impact than perhaps some incremental increases in taxes. And I do think that the government is aware that the taxes on US businesses are the highest there are in the western world and thats something over time needs to be done about that. So well have to see what that looks like when we get a new Congress in and a new attitude towards this as to whether domestic taxes rise or not.
Scott Davis  Morgan Stanley: Sure. Last question guys on LED. I know its still small, but very, very fast growing piece of your business. If you look at [inaudible] numbers slowed down or their core organic growth numbers slowed down quite a bit this quarter, was there any slowdown or pause that youve seen in LED or is it still kind of 50% type growth rate.
Tim Powers: It is growing at a fast pace. We dont see any decline in that. Weve tried to point out that since LED is a very directional lighting, meaning you aim it rather than you give up a general light. Its best applications are used outdoors which really plays well in the Hubbells lighting strength. We are the number one outdoor lighting company in the United States with our parking lot and area lighting. And so as LED expands it should benefit us disproportionately.
Operator: Well go next to Rich Klaas with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead, sir.
Rich Klaas  Wells Fargo: Hi, good morning.
Dave Nord: Good morning, Rich.
Tim Powers: Good morning.
Rich Klaas  Wells Fargo: I had a question on power margins. This year, 2010, you had a little bit less favorable mix in power. Its gotten better since the first half of the year. Tim or Dave, how do you think about next year in terms of mix in power?
Tim Powers: We would expect power margins to slowly improve over time. Weve run into a lot of cost price headwind. Hopefully well get some of that back as we get into next year. But youre also comparing it to 2009, which was really a moment that we see very seldom where commodity cost fell at such a rapid rate that our prices were falling, but nowhere near that rate. So we had a great third quarter last year and we wouldnt really  we would expect those margins to be right around where they are or a little bit about that over the course of the future, so in the 15% to 20% in that area.
Rich Klaas  Wells Fargo: Okay. But are you seeing anything in terms of projects that make it more  potentially make it more favorable as you look out a little longer term?
Tim Powers: No, I wouldnt say there is a trend that would, you could expect steadily rising margins. A lot has to do with sometimes the nature of a large project or if there is a mix a little bit towards more towards substation, you might  that might help. But I would say were not trying to describe this as anything, but a very healthy business thats performing well and its earning a very decent return, and it should benefit from the trends in the utility sector as it is the number one supplier in its category.
Rich Klaas  Wells Fargo: Okay. Thats helpful. And then, Tim, I know youre longer term outlook has been 15% operating margin. Youve done a phenomenal job growing operating margin this year. It seems like youre ahead of expectations in terms of achieving that goal. How should we think about given the productivity, given what youve done so far this year, the potentially that you could get to that sooner rather than later?
Tim Powers: We have the potential to get to that. We can see it from here. The question is, before we say we can achieve, that really has more to do with cost price headwinds and those kinds of things. So well have a little bit more to say about that when we get to December and we have a clear look at 2010.
Rich Klaas  Wells Fargo: Okay, great. And then, just lastly housekeeping item, Dave, in terms of lighting, did you say overall lighting was down 10% year-to-date or was that just commercial lighting in terms of volume?
Dave Nord: That was commercial.
Rich Klaas  Wells Fargo: That was commercial. Okay, great.
Dave Nord: Yes.
Rich Klaas  Wells Fargo: Thanks so much.
Dave Nord: Okay.
Operator: And with no other questions in queue at this time, Id like to turn the conference back over to our presenters for any additional or closing remarks.
Bill Sperry: Thanks Laura. Thanks everyone for joining this morning. Obviously Jim and I are around to take any follow-up questions, clarification, et cetera. I know everybody is busy, so thanks for joining us.
Operator: And again, that concludes today conference call. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2010 Q2  (2010-07-22 10:00:00) =====
Executives:  Bill Sperry  Vice President, Corporate Strategy & Development Tim Powers  Chairman, President & CEO Dave Nord  CFO
Analysts:  Christopher Glynn  Oppenheimer Scott Davis  Morgan Stanley Jeff Sprague  Vertical Research Partners Bob Cornell  Barclays Capital Jeff Beach  Stifel Nicolaus Phil Gresh  JP Morgan
Presentation: 
Operator: Good day, everyone. Welcome to the Hubbell Incorporated second quarter results conference call. Today's call is being recorded. Now, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Bill Sperry. Please go ahead, sir.  
Bill Sperry: Thank you and good morning, everyone. Welcome to Hubbell's second quarter earnings call. We know it's a very busy day, so we'll try to be concise. It's a special call for us as we're speaking to you from our new headquarters building and we hope you come visit us soon here. I'm here this morning with Tim Powers, our Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; Dave Nord, our Chief Financial Officer; and Jim Farrell, our Director of Investor Relations.   Hubbell announced its second quarter year-to-date 2010 earnings this morning and hopefully you've found that press release on the wires and on our website. You also find presentation materials on our website that Tim and Dave will be referring to during the call.   Let me know for everyone listening to the call, the paragraph and the press release and in the materials regarding forward-looking statements. The press release and materials may contain expectations based on assumptions and Hubbell's performance in the future, particularly regarding our earnings. We also may make some comments here today on the call or answer questions, which may include forward-looking statements.   All of these involve inherent assumptions with known and unknown risks, and other factors that can cause our actual or future results to differ, perhaps materially from what we may discuss or project today. So please note that paragraph in our release and I'd like to consider it incorporated by reference into the call this morning.   In addition, we may make reference to non-GAAP financial measures. Those measures are reconciled to comparable GAAP measures in the Appendix on the presentation materials. And with that, I'll turn it over to Tim.  
Tim Powers: Thank you, Bill. Welcome everyone and thank you for joining us this morning. As we typically do on our quarterly calls, I will provide you with some overview commentary on the results we announced this morning and then Dave will walk you through a detailed discussion of our financial performance. Then I will share my perspective on the outlook for the remainder of 2010 and some closing remarks. We will open it up and take some questions from you.   We refer to the presentation material you can find on our website. I am starting on page three. Our strong financial results in the second quarter are reflective of performance in our end markets that was better than our expectation. Residential construction market has improved year-to-date, but remain soft in the near-term as available tax credits expire. I expect the market to slowly make the turn upward as we proceed through the rest of the year. Our industrial end markets grew significantly in the quarter. Positive signs we have seen watching improving capacity utilization and manufacturing production have been felt across many of the industrial segments we serve. On the utility side, the return to growth and electric demand experienced so far this year has been a welcome development. This is enabling our utility customers to spend their capital budget on maintaining their networks to drive reliable performance. We believe some inventory restocking is occurring and there is some anticipation of an active storm season in the channel. The result for us was a large sequential uptick in our utility business and a return to levels consistent with our expectations. The non-residential market continues to decline, but less than we anticipated. The two bright spots are public spending and the need for more energy efficient lighting. Energy efficiency is diving strong growth in three key product areas for us, building automation and controls, solid state and lighting and retrofit lighting. An update on Burndy would be appropriate here. This is the third quarter since our acquisition and Burndy is performing as expected and the integration has gone well. Top line performances consistent with comparable Hubble end markets and the margins are being realized as we plan. So, good news on the Burndy front. Another note worthy item is the successful consolidation of several wiring system locations and our corporate headquarters into one building. The wiring team combined our executive offices, engineering and sales and marketing, which had previously been in three locations. The new setup saves money, enhances communication and team work. Let's turn our attention now to some recent developments in the news. The first item is the concern that many of you have had about the economic situation in Europe and the impact that it will have on us. Our European based operations generate less than 10% of Hubble's total sales, but these units are selling around the world. The percentage of volume going into Europe is much smaller. The second issue is the oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico. Our harsh and hazardous business has a strong presence in the energy markets in general and the offshore drilling markets, specifically. A ban on Gulf drilling would be a temporary small negative for us, but most likely that capacity would be shifted to other parts of the world, where we would hopefully follow. A third topic is our global supply chain. In general, our suppliers have responded very well to the downturn we've face, but we are feeling some constraints. Most notably, in electronic components including lighting ballasts that are in short supply and will likely take a few months to smooth out. The impact on Hubble maybe delays and service levels, but are lead primes [ph] remain unchanged and the ultimate demand will be satisfied during the fiscal year, so we do not expect any financial impact. Clearly, today's business condition present us with a fairly dynamic operating environment. We remain focus on managing price, cost and productivity. I have to say, it is very encouraging for us to see our hard work on productivity payoff, namely, a better than 300-basis point improvement in margins for the quarter. Productivity involves everything from capacity reduction to streamlining the manufacturing process and redesigning our existing products. I am proud of our team for delivering on this diverse set of initiatives. We have traction in all areas and there is opportunity for improvement ahead. We continue to improve our positioning of the company to succeed in the future. There are a couple of additional developments worth mentioning. On the international side, the first power system products rolling off the assembly line in our new factory in China. This is an important new facility for us, with a very competitive cost structure and a significant opportunity to expand. On the new product development front, we have had some exciting winds in the solar energy area. Our anchor systems were recently selected on the second largest installed solar firm in the U.S., a project capable of providing enough electricity for 7,500 homes. We are looking forward to continue success and serving client needs as our technologies are applied to renewable energy market. In summary, we have had a strong quarter moving forward in both the markets and our financial results were better than plan. But let me hand it over to Dave to give you the details. Dave?
Dave Nord: All right. Thank you, Tim. Good morning, everybody. I'm going to start, take you through some of the details on the webcast slides starting on page four and a little bit of color. First on second quarter sales and gross margin, as we reported sales are up 11% from the second quarter of last year with Burndy contributing 9% to that 11%. The non-residential, we've got some continued weakness there, although as Tim mentioned you're not as bad as we anticipate it at least so far this year, and I think within the quarter a little bit stronger performance in the industrial sector as well as on residential, at least in the quarter. That lead to gross margin, reported of 32.6% up 280 basis points and the big contributor to that is obviously the productivity gains as we continue to work those issues over a long period of time as well as some of the benefits from last year's cost reduction actions. Of course, offsetting that is a little bit of unfavorable price against commodity cost. We went into the Euros expecting and targeting to maintain parity as is our case, but with a little bit of risk on price and some commodity headwind that was a bit negative in the quarter. But the good news is we're more than able to offset that with productivity gains as well as some of the absence of the cost that we incurred in the second quarter of last year for workforce actions and some inventory adjustments. Turning to page five, selling administrative cost up just under 10 million to 117.5 in absolute terms, but as a percentage of sales down to 18.2%. Burndy, obviously, contributing to the incremental dollars and as we've said in the past, Burndy runs it a little bit higher S&A rates, just from their selling efforts, but offset that with lower restructuring cost and the ongoing cost reduction action. So, all that contributing to our operating profit in the quarter of 93.5 million, 14.5% of sales that increases largely relative to main items, productivity, largely contributing three quarters of that, a gain  Burndy in absolute terms contributing another quarter of that gain. Now, of course, there's other things that go on in there and we've got the price cost negative, which was just under 9 million in quarter and that is offset by some of the cost that we incurred last year second quarter for restructuring and inventory. So, a very good story on operating profit and margin. Net interest expense, flat year-over-year at 7.5 million, no significant change in comparable borrowing levels, lower interest rate environment and even some of the short-term borrowings we incurred to fund Burndy were in the latter part of the year and were all repaid with the proceeds from the equity offering in the fourth quarter. Our tax rate does reflect an increase from last year to 32.3% that providing a little bit a headwind principally due to the lack of the extension of the R&D tax credit that continues to be on the agenda in congress, but keeps getting pushed out. We expect that that will occur or certainly hope that will occur sometime later this year, but very uncertain legislative environment relative to taxes. So, that leads us to page seven, net income of 57.6 million in the second quarter up 46% from the second quarter of last year all due to the higher sales, our increase operating income and our higher offset by our higher tax rate giving us earnings per diluted share of $0.95 compared to last year's second quarter $0.70, that's up 36% and of course, that also includes the dilution from the additional shares issued in the fourth quarter. So, all in all good results. Let me know turn to the segment. Give you a little color on the segments first. The electrical segment on page eight, sales of 458 million up 15%, Burndy, the biggest contribute to that adding 13% and of course, we have the continued weak non-residential, but with improvement in industrial and residential within the segment. Good performance in the wiring business, a lot of that attributable to strengthen the industrial sector with sales up 16%. The electrical product business, a mixture where a lot of our industrial businesses both in the pure traditional industrial business, whether it's wiring devices or controls, a lot of good double digit growth there, but mitigated by some of the other businesses that we include in our industrial sector, particularly the high voltage business, which is down year-over-year, but expected to recover in the second half. And the lighting business overall, sales down 5% that's the combination of the commercial industrial business down 9% offset by the residential business being up 11%. On the operating profit side, operating profit in the segment of 61.1 million giving us operating margin of 13.3%, a very impressive improvement from last year, 540 basis points. A big contributor to that is the productivity gains, both the cost reduction actions as well as some of the ongoing activities to wrap that segment and particularly, lighting and wiring device businesses as we reduce cost, close facilities and improve our overall cost structure. [Inaudible] Burndy contributing incremental profit there and then some of the lower restructuring cost compared to the second quarter of last year. Turning the page to the power segment. Second quarter power segment sales of 188 million up slightly from last year and that reflects improve spending on the distribution product side, which is coming from construction, MRO and housing that growth being in the mid-single digit range with transmission side of the business, a smaller part of that business impacted by some slowing of the larger transmission projects, but we think that will see some improvement as the year progresses. On the operating profit side, operating profit of 32.4 million down 8% from last year's second quarter, but still maintaining good high [inaudible] of 17.2%. That declined despite relatively flat volume, attributable largely to what is the one segment that has the most significant impact from unfavorable price and commodity cost. The area we expected the most challenge in pricing and we saw early in the year, more importantly most impacted by the spike in some of the commodity cost particularly steal and copper that will begin to mitigate itself as the year progresses, as the cost of the commodities has moderated and as we have implemented price increases across all of our businesses. Also included and impacting the results or some [inaudible] associated with consolidating facilities. A couple of facilities that were part of or acquisitions several years ago are in process of being close and so those cost are included, but offsetting all that is some productivity, good productivity gains. So, all in all a good performance in an improving market in power. Starting to cash flow on page 10. You see our free cash flow, that's cash flow from operating activities less CapEx of 58 million, just about 100% of net income, which is our target to meet or exceed. A good improvement from the weak start that we experience in the first quarter, obviously, not at the levels that we had in the first quarter of last year as we were liquidating inventories and receivables and bringing the cost down. We have somewhat the drag in the quarter this year, coming from working capital, principally accounts receivable as the volumes starts to come back and a little bit of inventory as we manage through recovering markets and some of the supply chain issues that many are experienced in the market. And then our capital expenditures of 11.2 million up from last year's 5.7 back to a more normal level of capital expenditures that we expect to incur and invest in the business. Let me turn now to how does that result in our year-to-date performance through June. So, we've got sales year-to-date, good recovery from what was a weak first quarter as we expected mixed by end market as well as we expected with industrial and residential up, non-residential down and of course, power business down in the first half because of the weak start, but clearly expected to improve as the year progress at least on a year-over-year comparison. Improved order trends continually a build in backlog, with backlog up 42 million, yes, up 42 million. As always productivity actions are the key driver and we're realizing those benefits, trying to navigate through the unfavorable price cost impact in the first half, most significantly in the second quarter, but combined down 11 million, which is worse than expected. And so we've had to offset that with, a lot of it more attention on the productivity and of course, a very bright spot is Burndy performing very well. So, first half results better, slightly better than our expectations with margin improvement on lower organic sales. You see that on page 12, our sales year-to-date of just over 1.2 billion, up 4% that's got a 8% contribution from Burndy, two points from currency and the rest being attributable to volume. So, despite that core underlying volume weakness in the first half, 250-basis point margin improvement to 13.1% in the first half giving us earnings per share of $1.59 against last year's $1.30 up 22% and free cash flow short of our goal of 100% of net income year-to-date, but very much expected to recover in the second half. So, the segment results in the first half on electric gold sales that are up 9% to 867.7 million with Burndy adding 12% offset by weak non-residential markets particularly in lighting, and within the industrial sector, lower high voltage test equipment but that business is also significantly project oriented and so the results are very lumpy. Again, we expect that business to finish the year at or slightly above last year's level, so we expect good performance in the second half. Operating profit of 101.2 million up 72% from last year's first half with operating margins in the electrical segment for the first half of 11.7% up 430 basis points. The biggest contributor being the productivity gains, the contribution of incremental profit from Burndy and then some of the lower restructuring cost, actually more than offsetting the negative impact of price cost. On the year-to-date basis for the power segment on page 14, sales of 349.2 million down 6%. The utility spending gradually improving so that comparison will clearly improve as the year progresses. Our orders exceeding our billing, so a little bit of backlog billed, which flood some support for our second half forecast. But, of course, dealing in the first half with lower storm activity and that's always a wild card as we look out into the future depending on the weather forecast. Operating profit of 58 million for the first half down 11%, but still with good margins of 16.6 percent and the first half being the most significantly impacted by the unfavorable pricing commodity cost as well as the lower volume with a lot of it being offset by productivity, but not all of it in the first half. So, first half cash flow of 70.8 million, free cash flow, down from last year, but certainly improving and on track to get back to our target of free cash flow equal to or exceeding net income. And I think you can see that clearly on page 16, a little bit of a quarterly trend on two elements, key elements of working capital. First on receivables, obviously an increase in absolute dollars of receivables as the market recovers or sales recover, but importantly an improvement in days outstanding  our credit quality is very high. It continues to be at record levels, so that's the good news. There is some increase in the days outstanding managing through the growth but we expect that as it typically does to be continually improving on a seasonal basis throughout the year and getting down to a more normalized level by the end of the year. Inventory as well, 276 million at the end of the quarter, up 6 million in the quarter 13 million year-to-date, but importantly the improved four days from last year in days outstanding. So, all of that gives us confidence in our ability to meet our target of free cash flow equal to net income. Turning to page 17, just a quick summary on our capital structure, not much change other than continued improvement, no [ph] with good cash flow, increase in cash from year end of 29 million, a slight increase in our total debt to 504 million, that's $7 million increase largely due to some incremental death in a foreign location put in place for operating funding as well as tax advantages. So, all that leads to a very strong capital structure with that the Cap of 27%, net debt to Cap of 10%, very good, giving us a strong conservative position to continue to pursue acquisition opportunities. So, with that let me turn it back to Tim; give you some thoughts on the market outlook.
Tim Powers: Let's turn to page 18 in our outlook for the remainder of 2010. In the residential markets, we expect to see 5 to 10% growth, while we recognize that some of the recent monthly data on housing and home sales were disappointing, we believe that these are bumps that should be expected along the road to recovery that should provide us with growth for years to come. For our utility market, we expect modest single digit growth and the second half for us should be more favorable as we will comparing to last year's soft levels when utilities were grappling with declining demand. They all have also done cost cutting and are in a more solid financial position. That said, the transmission project works continues to get pushed out as it appears that rate cases in front of local TUCs are meeting with uniform resistance. The strength in the industrial markets should provide us with mid-single digit growth this year. Many of our core served markets and manufacturing sectors will do better than that, but our harsh and hazardous and high voltage test business will dampen those games. Non-residential construction is our largest, most diverse market and is proving difficult to predict. While private buildings starts are expected to remain weak, the benefits of some public spending and the growth provided by retrofit projects are providing some counterbalance. Therefore, our outlook for 2010 has improved. The net impact of this outlook from Hubble's end markets combined with expected new product development and market share gains is a fairly flat sales level on our base business, but will lead to a 4 to 6% growth when we include the incremental contribution from Burndy. Now, let's turn to page 19 for some concluding comments before we take a few of your questions. The return on sales growth is a clear positive for our financials. In addition, our strong focus on productivity will continue to drive margin expansion. These improvements will be needed to overcome the negative cost price environment we face. The net result is growing top line with margins expanding by at least 1% of sales. So, with that we would conclude our presentation and be happy to take questions from you.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) We will take our first question from Chris Glynn from Oppenheimer.
Christopher Glynn  Oppenheimer: Thanks, good morning.
Tim Powers: Good morning.
Christopher Glynn  Oppenheimer: Question on I guess mix in the electrical segment, the high voltage and even the harsh and hazardous little pressured in the first half. You talked about being up year-over-year in the second half, I think, but is that actual sequential improvement? Would we expect that are mix and electrical in the second half?
Tim Powers: I would expect the third quarter to be like it traditionally is a little bit higher than the second and the fourth quarter to be a little bit lower as we end the construction season, but probably a little bit more revenue in the first and total.
Christopher Glynn  Oppenheimer: Okay. And then just looking at the balance sheet and perspective lower growth environment for the economic outlook, do you have any thoughts on industry consolidation on a larger scale as oppose to the traditional kind of both on acquisitions?
Tim Powers: I don't really have any specifics on that, but certainly we continue to look for our typical acquisitions. We have quite a few opportunities we're looking at now. You just can't tell if you can get those done or not as is the typical story, but I really don't have any comments on specific to your question about larger combinations.
Christopher Glynn  Oppenheimer: Okay and then just last one, Tim. What are you seeing on the early signs of industry price increases in the lighting space, holding in the marketplace?
Tim Powers: I would say we would expect to see a little bit on the stock side, whereas you can expect with volumes, word is it's kind of tough to get much in the way of price on projects, but we're trying. I think our margins in lighting and just about every single one of our brands has improved and part of that is some small incremental pricing. But I would say the larger the project, the tougher the price environment and I would also characterized the market as much more public sector than typical. So, again, on the private side of non-res, this is very tough side of the market.
Christopher Glynn  Oppenheimer: Yes. I guess what's called the public sector stimulus potentially. What's your kind of sense or thoughts on the duration of that?
Tim Powers: We believe that that will continue through to 2011. As you know it took forever to get this started and I think there is the best of intentions to spend the money, so I think the benefits from that will continue on for the next 18 months.
Christopher Glynn  Oppenheimer: Great. Thanks a lot.
Tim Powers: Yes.
Operator: We will take our next question from Scott Davis from Morgan Stanley.
Scott Davis  Morgan Stanley: Good. Good morning, guys.
Tim Powers: Good morning, Scott.
Bill Sperry: Good morning.
Scott Davis  Morgan Stanley: I know you guys are on LIFO and that's been an issue in the past and kind of industry pricing because some of your competitors are FIFO. But is there a sense to kind of how to quantify that in the quarter and then, I guess the natural follow on question is your average price increase is it more of a May 1, June 1, July 1, or somewhere in between?
Tim Powers: But let me just go back and address the pricing. The pricing really on our part, really never reflects our inventory accounting practices, but more the real inflation and of course, we see that inflation immediately because of the nature of our accounting. But going to market and trying to get the recovery for cost increases is something that we do as we see it. We have completed all of the price increases that are  we intend to have which I believe are May, June and July. Power systems being the July 1, so we have attempted as best as we can given the weak market conditions to recover the commodity cost increases, but as you can see while last year was a positive, this year is still a little headwind, which we expect that price will moderate a bit as the year goes along.
Scott Davis  Morgan Stanley: I think that partially answers the question, but let's move on utility because I think it's important. I understand the rate increase challenges for the youths [ph] but my understanding is electricity man [ph] has picked up materially and there has been a fair amount of storms in the Midwest and obviously, some heat in the Northeast. Has your review kind of if you drill down between distribution and transmission and understand that transmission tends to be more impacted by kind of the rate increase and distribution more by the other impacts. Can you think about how that your outlook hasn't change since the April call, but how does two pieces have changed?
Tim Powers: I would say that when we're talking about transmission projects, we're talking about 2011 and we're optimistic that even with some of these delays that enough of these projects will get approved so that 2011 on a transmission side at this point, looks like a stronger year than 2010. But there is a battle when economic situation is difficult for PUCs to allow utilities to execute their plan on a timeframe that the utility would like to do it. So, I don't think that we're seeing shelved, I think we're just seeing a slowdown in the right of approval and lengthening in the process it takes to get through these approvals in a very tough economy. So, I hope that answered it.
Scott Davis  Morgan Stanley: No. I think it does and lastly, just on non-res construction, you're views and proved a bit and you talked about that. The retrofit, I mean construction site of it we know is problematic, but the retrofit side, we keep hearing from everyone has been accelerating at a rate faster than expected. I assume that's consistent with what you're seeing as well.
Tim Powers: It is and certainly that leads back to the discussion of the ballasts story, where the ballast associated with new high energy efficient for us is really what's in short supply because the demand has accelerated at a significant rate and the manufacturers and suppliers are just having a tough time keeping up with it. So, that's just an indication of the ramp up there and I think it's only going to improve from the levels that it's at. I think that the new sources of fluorescent light combined with electronic ballast and the rapid expansion of LED lighting and the controls that are added to its older systems really present a positive opportunity for our company as we look forward.
Scott Davis  Morgan Stanley: Okay. Good quarter guys, thanks.
Tim Powers: Okay.
Operator: We will take our next from Jeff Sprague from Vertical Research Partners.
Jeff Sprague  Vertical Research Partners: Thanks. Actually, Tim, just a pickup on your closing part of your comment there, are you implying that you're going to backward integrate in the ballast in some of this solid state components to take advantage of what's going on in the market or you're just talking about all the [inaudible] the supply chain untangles and works itself out?
Tim Powers: We're in a mix mold right now. We buy ballast or as they're referred to as  on the LED side, we buy ballast from others. We buy complete units from other and we manufacture them ourselves. So, we have the most vertical integration we've ever had in this category on the driver side, so we have more value added to contribute there and it's just the spreading of risk as there are so many people in the business now that we want to keep every opportunity available as this technology is advancing and we're pretty pleased with the partners that we have and also our own capability to make the product.
Jeff Sprague  Vertical Research Partners: Okay. Just want to comment about the oil spill and the impact. I may be mistaken but I thought Killark and your kind of explosion proves heavy duty products were only [inaudible] of qualified products and if those rigs go elsewhere, maybe in an IEC world you can't play. Am I incorrect about your product offering there?
Tim Powers: Killark is predominantly as you describe, but then we have Hawke, which is Cable Glands, which are IEC and we have Chalmit Lighting and we also have Gai-Tronics for the safety systems on rigs, which are applied to all standards. So, it's just Killark that would see a little bit of softness if the Gulf slows.
Jeff Sprague  Vertical Research Partners: Okay. Can you or Dave, can you just give us specifically what the effects; impact was in each of the two segments?
David Nord: Sure. On volume, it was about 1% incremental in both electrical and power.
Jeff Sprague  Vertical Research Partners: Okay. And can you give us color also on realized price in both of those segments?
David Nord: Sure. Price, overall, was down about 3 million, and it's split about a third in electrical and two thirds in power. So, actually one of the earlier questions around the cost and inventory, I mentioned that there was 9 million of cost price headwind that the combination of 3 million of lower price and 6 million of higher cost, just to try to size the order of magnitudes, the commodity cost headwind and that negative price is what we are expecting to turn around to be a positive contributor in the second half.
Jeff Sprague  Vertical Research Partners: And what percent now  I'm sure it's changed given the downdraft, but what percent of your total non-res business would you say is actual, office-type commercial construction, new build these days?
Tim Powers: That Jeff would be  that's a number that I couldn't give you because we don't track it that specifically because some sales happen directly from the distributor and would not be on a project where we could keep score, knowing where the end location is.
Jeff Sprague  Vertical Research Partners: Yes.
Tim Powers: But I can tell you that the general numbers that you see about to decline in office construction would be very reflective of our market share decline and that's our volume decline in that side.
Jeff Sprague  Vertical Research Partners: Okay. All right, terrific. Thanks a lot.
Tim Powers: Yes.
Operator: We will take the next question from Bob Cornell from Barclays Capital.
Bob Cornell  Barclays Capital: Just looking at the electrical business, guys. Is it fair to say that the Burndy margins are above the average, maybe well above the average, maybe you could help me get a perspective there.
Bill Sperry: No.
Tim Powers: No. The answer is Burndy is almost up to the average, but not quite 
Bob Cornell  Barclays Capital: Okay. The 
Tim Powers: A lot of improvement in wiring device, some improvement in lighting. So, I mean a strong contribution from just about everywhere.
Bob Cornell  Barclays Capital: These are my next question; I mean in lightning we made only structural changes. I mean are you happy with the way the [inaudible] even though obviously is still tracking down, but I mean how comfortable are you with that restructure business looks at this point?
Tim Powers: I'm very pleased with our lighting business, still in the difficult market it faced. We expect that its margins will improve year-over-year in line with 100 basis points that we talked about for the average. They're doing a great job of reconsolidating their shrinking their footprint to the size of the market. They've gone through a number of product, re-designs to take cost out and as our progress lighting business makes the turn, it's already performing significantly better on the margins side with very little volume increase. So, it's got a lot of upside potential if we can just a little bit more volume from the market.
Bob Cornell  Barclays Capital: Yes. [Inaudible] takes me to the direction I'm going here, because what I'm really looking forward is what do you consider your normal earnings power now on the electrical business given the contribution to Burndy, I mean. I guess the March thought that I know, but they have historically been. What would be your view that of the normal profitability of the electrical business, mid-cycle type of thing in margin.
Tim Powers: We're not really sorting it out between one segment or the other, but I would reiterate our objective, which were approaching now, which is 15% operating profit over a business cycle meaning that as we get towards the upper end of the business cycle, we would exceeding that number 
Bob Cornell  Barclays Capital: Yes.
Tim Powers: And I would say right now, our performance is very good because we prepared for market that's worst than we're seeing. So, we have reduced our cost substantially and now, I think you're seeing some of the incremental profit start to flow as volumes are just a little bit better than we anticipated. So, I think we're performing very well and I would expect that to continue with volume that were forecasting for the second half. So, I'm very comfortable where we are in a very low market. So, I think we're quite happy. 
Bob Cornell  Barclays Capital: Yes. I may have missed this because it come up a couple of time, being why anticipating improvement and price cost in the second half of the year?
Tim Powers: Price 
Bob Cornell  Barclays Capital: Price, [inaudible].
Tim Powers: Example, we've implemented a number of price increases May, June, July, we would expect below the average realization due to market conditions.
Bob Cornell  Barclays Capital: Yes.
Tim Powers: But any help there would be beneficial. Further in the third quarter, we're seeing some moderation in steel prices, but a lot of volatility on the other areas like  just when you think copper is beginning to go down, it goes down for about a month and then spikes back up. So, it's a lot of moving around and up significantly from a year ago at this time. So, also when you're thinking about and calculating your performance for us in the second half of the year  you'd have to remember that last year in the third quarter, we had a huge benefit from low cost of commodities and also in the fourth quarter, we had the LIFO inventory benefit. But I would still expect quite strong performance for us in the second half of this year.
Bob Cornell  Barclays Capital: You're final question from me. You mentioned your [Inaudible] is not as really down as it has been, but again the question I would ask is how are the dollars of orders tracking sequentially relative to normal seasonality in non-res?
Tim Powers: They are following the normal seasonality because it really doesn't matter where you're doing the construction; you're still having the typical calendar of the construction years. So, we would expect coming from a low first quarter to much better second and typically, a little better third and then back down in the fourth, so that kind of typical cycle, we would expect to see.
Bob Cornell  Barclays Capital: Okay, thanks.
Operator: We will take the next question from Jeff Beach from Stifel Nicolaus.
Jeff Beach  Stifel Nicolaus: Hi. Good morning, Tim and great quarter.
Tim Powers: Thank you.
Jeff Beach  Stifel Nicolaus: A couple of things the price increases you've mentioned a couple of times, it sounds like it's pretty broad based in power, like I don't know if that's correct. And then is it also, at least the attempts here pretty broad based across, most of your electrical products as well.
Tim Powers: Well, in the utility side, you have  you can announce a price increase, which we did on stocking materials. But you have a number of annual blankets where you really can't modify those prices until the end of the year. some other blankets we have commodity indexes in them, so as commodity cost involved in those specific products move up and down the prices due to, so it's more muted on the utility side, but it will be helpful. On the electrical side, if we look at lighting, like I said before, really tough to get much on. The way of benefit on a project, a little bit on the stock, but if you're business is down around high single digits or 10 percent of something like that, tough market conditions are hard times to get price increases. Some of our other things like where we've been increase price on wiring device and that we will pretty much get all of that. So, it's a mixed bag. But like I said before, you take it on average, is a little bit below what we would realize. So, if you announce three to five or something like that, so you are targeting 4%, you would expect to get 2.5 or 2, you might get 1.5 to 2 that's the kind of expectation we would get with about a quarter lag because we're sitting with a lot of quotes there and you don't always re-price every quote in this time and you're sitting with at least a month worth of backlog at previous prices. So, a little bit help as the third quarter rolls out and more help in the fourth.
Jeff Beach  Stifel Nicolaus: The business is that you used to call industrial technology; I believe had carried wind demands and has good margins well above the Hubble average. I just wondered is the volume back, it's generating above average margins there and is that helping that mix shift, some of the margin improvement you're seeing?
Tim Powers: You would say that our businesses if you know them by name ICD and Gleason are showing improvement, with strong improvement in operating profit and above the average. Our high voltage test business, when we talk about it being down, it has been on a long run peak cycle. Now, what are these high voltage test equipment go is into the construction of transformer, plants and cable facilities, cable producing facilities for expanding infrastructure around the world and this business is the standard, the market leader for all producers and we have been on an extraordinary high run and it's now coming back to just what I would call very good. So, even though it's down a little over the previous year, its margins are quite north of the average in the electrical business. But just because we don't have as much volume it's a tambourine effect but still performing excellently.
Jeff Beach  Stifel Nicolaus: All right. Thank you. The last question with the, I guess concerns about a slowing economy ahead here. When you look across your industrial markets, are you seeing any signs of  that maybe there's been restocking of inventories that potentially ahead here, you could see this industrial sectors slow down from what you're seeing right now.
Tim Powers: I am confident in the second half of the year on industrial markets. The reason I am is, I believe that the auto industry will continue to produce for the second half of the year at a run rate of north of 11.5 million, which will provide a big chunk of the economy to continue to perceive with growth, probably if you're comparing quarter over quarter, certainly not the growth rate that you would have seen in the first half of the year, but still a pretty healthy growth rate. I think the demand for capital goods as we see that happening through our supply to various sets of machinery manufacturers, computer manufacturers is been very, very good and their backlogs are in pretty good shape. The areas of concern for me would be certainly harsh and hazardous and I think the story around the insecurity cause by our administration and politics is more or less a constant over the year. So, I don't really think it's going to contribute more negatively in the second half than the first. So, I think we're pretty much on steady slow improvement in the U.S. and in Canada. And I'm convinced that the moment that the blip in the second half that's predicted will not show up in the end markets that we serve, and maybe on the consumer side, but certainly, non  just think of the levels that we're at. We're at very low levels of operations and all these markets and I don't see or don't predict or don't forecast that happening.
Jeff Beach  Stifel Nicolaus: All right, thanks. That was a good answer.
Operator: We will take the next question from Phil Gresh from JP Morgan.
Phil Gresh  JP Morgan: Hey, guys.
Tim Powers: Hello.
David Nord: Hello.
Phil Gresh  JP Morgan: On the productivity side, I mean could you elaborate just a little bit on what you're doing there and did that accelerate in the second quarter from the first quarter and I know you have some comps there from the second half of 2009, when those started rolling in. So, could you just kind of try to quantify for us, how to think about that?
David Nord: Well, clearly, on a year-over-year basis, the productivity gains or are going to be larger in the first half of the year because we had some fairly significant challenges in the first half of last year from a production ramp down perspective. So, from that calendarization the first half is going to be better than the second half. Productivity gains are better overall than we expected going in because we're working harder at those to offset the headwind that we're seeing from the price cost equation, but I think they're going to continue to frock [ph] very nicely in the second half because we have some of those year-over-year challenges to mitigate, you recall the strength we had in price cost in the third and fourth quarter. So, we're going to have to work through those to be able to be what Tim has communicated as our expectation, then we'll be able to improve our margins at least the point overall. Obviously, a big improvement in the first half, but still needs improvement in the second half in productivity to offset some of those year-over-year price cost comparisons that get more difficult as well as some of the inventory adjustments that you recall, we saw in the fourth quarter of last year.
Phil Gresh  JP Morgan: All right. I guess my follow-up question would then be, I mean you had roughly 10 or 50 basis point increase in the margins in the first half and you're saying a hundred plus for the year, so how should we think about the second half? Are there quarters where it would actually, potentially be flat to down year-over-year or do you anticipate being able to more than offset, you know, the price cost and inventory adjustment headwinds?
David Nord: I would say that there's certainly challenge in both. I think if you go back to last year, the strongest quarter from a margin standpoint was the third quarter because that had the biggest implication of the price cost benefit. So, as we look at  if you ask me, I always think every quarter is a challenge, but I think there's a lot of things that are in place that give us confidence that we're going to realize these things. But I think it's probably equally split between the two quarters. We don't see any of the quarters at this point being down year-over-year, okay?
Phil Gresh  JP Morgan: Okay. That's helpful, thanks.
Operator: At this time, I would like to turn the call back over to Mr. Bill Sperry for any additional or closing comments.
Bill Sperry:
Operator: That does conclude today's conference. Thank you all for your participation.

===== 2010 Q1  (2010-04-22 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Tim Powers - Chairman, President & CEO Dave Nord - Chief Financial Officer Bill Sperry - Vice President, Corporate Strategy & Development Jim Farrell - Director of Investor Relations
Analysts: Bob Cornell - Barclays Capital Jeff Beach - Stifel Nicolaus Jeff Sprague - Vertical Research Partners Christopher Glynn - Oppenheimer
Operator: Good day, everyone. Welcome to the Hubbell Incorporated first quarter results conference call. Todays call is being recorded. Now, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Bill Sperry. Please go ahead, sir.
Bill Sperry: Thank you and good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining Hubbells first quarter 2010 earnings call. Here with me today are Tim Powers, our Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; Dave Nord, our Chief Financial Officer; and Jim Farrell, our Director of Investor Relations. Hubbell announced its first quarter earnings this morning and hopefully youve found the press release off of the wires or on our website. You can also find presentation materials on our website that Tim and Dave will be referring to on our call today. Let me refer everyone to the paragraph in our press release and in the materials regarding forward-looking statements. The press release and materials may contain expectations based on assumptions and Hubbells performance in the future, particularly regarding our earnings. We also may make some comments here today on this call or answer questions, which may include forward-looking statements. All of these involve inherent assumptions with known and unknown risks, and other factors that can cause our actual or future results to differ, perhaps materially from what we may discuss or project today. So please note that paragraph in our release and Id like to consider it incorporated by reference into the call this morning. In addition, we may make reference to non-GAAP financial measures. Those measures are reconciled to comparable GAAP measures in the Appendix of the presentation materials. With that, I will turn it over to Tim.
Tim Powers: Thanks, Bill. Welcome everybody and thank you for joining us this morning. As this our usual practice with these call, Im going to provide you with some of our review commentary on the results we announced this morning and then Dave will walk you through a more detailed discussion of our financial performance. I will conclude with my perspective on the outlook for the reminder of 2010 and some closing remarks. Then we will open it up and take some questions from you. We will refer this morning to presentations material you have hopefully found on our website, Im starting on page three. Our first quarter results are reflective of some of the cross currents we are feeling in our end markets, where we are facing volume pressures from weak trends continuing in non-residential construction. Utilities are continuing to fall their cautious pathway began in the second half of last year that are showing signs of improvement on a sequential basis. We are beginning to see indications of growth in residential construction sector. Our industrial markets have demonstrated some rebound due to growth in output capacity utilization and spending on capital equipment. Energy efficient buildings have driven growth in a couple of key areas including building automation and retrofit re-like market, where for example we have seen orders increase over 30% from last year. In this tight market our focus continues to be in managing price, cost and productivity. Despite a slight decline in sales for the quarter, we were able to increase operating margins by a 170 basis points primarily through productivity gains. It is also worth noting that we had a book-to-bill ratio above one as we built over $30 million of backlog and playing the market is a bit stronger than our quarterly sales results would indicate. The markets are consistent with our expectations and our financial performance for the quarter was inline with our internal plans. The quarter began slowly and picked up noticeably in March. I believe we have seen the bottoming in sales, where we ran our backlog down at the end of the year and built it up during the first quarter. Beyond the financials, we also continue to focus on serving our customers and providing them with the best new products. So I am please to highlight that EC&M Magazine named our Prescolite brand retrofitting in LED downlight as the 2010 LED product of the year. The recognition for our design and engineering capabilities demonstrates the importance of continuing to invest in future growth. With that, let me turn it over to Dave Nord, hell discuss the financials in more detail.
Dave Nord: Thanks Tim. Good morning everybody. Im going to start on page four our company materials and walk you through some of the details in the quarter. Lets start first on the sales side, as Tim mentioned, reporting sales of $570.5 million, which is down 3% from the first quarter of last year, two big divers in there were continuing market weakness specifically in the non-residential market where by example our C&I lighting business, show their volumes down 17%, but on the positive side, we had the impact of Burndys results, which contributed 7% to year-over-year growth. Some of the other elements in the sales comparisons so we had foreign currency translation benefit of about two points, which offsets two points combined price and lower storm volume, so those are net to zero the two big drivers again being the C&I lighting business and Burndy. As Tim mentioned, $570 million we see as the bottom, as we look out little bit lower than the fourth quarter of last year, we saw the weakness in the fourth quarter, and I think importantly as we saw the profile of the first quarter overall very much as expected the calendarization turned out to be a bit different with some weakness early in the quarter coming off the fourth quarter, even probably some weakness in February as a result of lot of a bad winter weather that actually had more impact on transportation of product when necessarily the storm activity that we would see in the utility business. Turning to the gross margin side, despite the lower sales volume with gross margin finished at 30.8% up 230 basis points from the first quarter of last year, two big drivers to that is the productivity improvements including you recall at the first quarter of last year there was a lot of absorption backed off for first half lot of negative absorption has were ramping down production trying to take inventory back to more normal levels where see get that benefit. In addition you get the benefit of the cost reduction actions that we took in the first quarter of last year. Turning to page five, on the selling & administrative expenses side, and absolute terms $110 million in the quarter comparable for last years level, but importantly two big drivers going in opposite directions one is that includes the incremental selling administrative cost from Burndy, in the Burndy operation with actually operates at higher percentage of sales because of those selling effort than our norm and that was more than offset by the cost reduction actions that weve seen and really three big buckets the salary and benefits from the headcount actions that we had to taken in the early part of last year that had reflected, we saw the later last year and certainly into this year. So of the variable cost that are associated with the sales volumes specifically commissions and then some of the discretionary items that we continue to control very tightly including things like advertising. So all of that despite lower volume improved gross margin and a little bit of selling & administrative headwind operating profit for the quarter was $65.7 million up 15% from last year finishing at a 11.5% overall. Now turning to page six, some of the below the line items net interest expense of $7.6 million comparable to last years first quarter due to comparable borrowing levels and relatively stable interest rates on the tax line effective tax rate in the quarter of 32.3%, thats up 80 basis points from the 31.5% where we recorded in the first quarter of last year. One other things impacting our tax rate is the R&D tax credit, the extended build for R&D tax credit was not past in the first quarter. So, we couldnt reflect that benefit in our full year rate, but offsetting that is more focus on the international operation, I talked in the past about there being headwind from our international operations in a lower level of international profit. Were focused on a combination of operating improvement and better results from some of our international operations, as well as some effective tax strategies around our international operations that help reduce that rate. So going forward, right now the rate would be 32.3 for the year assuming that R&D doesnt past, theres no dulling when and if that will pass through extend that it does pass that would provide us opportunity for a lower rate as the year progresses. Turning to page seven, that all results in net income of $38.6 million up 14%. So again despite the lower sales weve got a higher operating margin and were still over coming up a higher tax rate. All inline with what we expected to see in the first quarter and earnings for diluted share of $0.64, now thats up always 7% compared to the net income of 14%, primarily because of the dilution for the additional shares that we issued in the fourth quarter of last year. So that cost about $0.04 against earnings per share and that effect will be start to the mitigated as the year progresses. So, let me turn it out to the segment results on page eight, first on the electrical segment. You see that sales in the electrical segments were up 2% big driver to that gross would be benefit of the acquisition from Burndy adding 11% and a little bit of currency about two points on the segment. So when you adjust for those no measurable impact from pricing and a neutral. So core volume down 11% and again the two big drivers the non-residential construction, particularly in the lighting business as well as some lower volume in our high voltage test equipment in a double-digit year-over-year declines, but largely due to the timing, that project business, it can be lumpy and you had some projects that get pushed out into the second quarter. So I just create a level of volatility, but not an indication of underlying demand. With in the segment, some of the operations wiring, actually the wiring business had volume up 5%, thats the business that, it is shows both non-residential construction more importantly the industrial and commercial where were seeing strength and so overall up 5%, the other electrical products, which includes high voltage tests down 10% and then lighting overall down 14% and thats a composite of the CNI business up 17% and residential actually flat down 17%, and residential being flat in the quarter.  On the operating profit, $40.1 million of operating profit 9.8% margin, 45% year-over-year growth in operating profit due to the productivity gains and improvements lower restructuring cost year-over-year, slightly lower commodity cost reflected in the quarter all overcoming lower volume, when you look at the productivity and restructuring recall at the electrical segment in the first half of the last year was one that was most significantly impacted by its lower volume absorption when use demand, so lot of opportunity when realizing that opportunity in that compare. Turning to page nine, the power segment results sales of $161.2 million down 12%, recall that the first part of last year was still strong well other markets were weakening, but we saw the weakening of the power segment in the second half as the utilities, put the clams on spending. So this is not as surprise as we are staring to work away back from the low levels in the third and fourth quarter of last year, and actually the 12% overall volume down includes 4% impact within the segment from lower storm volume you recall last years first quarter were still impacted by some significant ice storms in the Midwest that have from a business standpoint a positive effect that you can see that level of activity in the first quarter of this year. From an operating profit standpoint $25.6 million down 14% consistent with the volume decline with margin of 15.9% thats actually down slightly from the fourth quarters 16.8% recall at, we talked a lot in the second half of last year about the positive price cost, but that started to turn in the fourth quarter and so pricing in year-over-year was down about a point in the Power segment. We are also now dealing with rise in commodity cost thats putting more pressure on the price and commodity cost measure that we target to try to maintain partita and I think that increase in commodity cost underline commodity cost are being sell by everyone in the industry and I think that you starting to see price increase. I think Tim will talk more about it later, but weve already implemented price increases in some of our businesses and result us that are being announced daily and the rest will come along sometime in the course of this quarter. So, its a challenge thats been put in front of us across the organization but its one that we face before and will confident that will manage through over the course of the rest of the year. On the first quarter cash flow was positive of $12.8 million on a free cash flow basis operating cash flow of $24 million now certainly lower than last years level, but we get kind of used to record cash flow in every quarter of last year, but its not surprising as the market declining and the volume is going down and you have the other side of that equitation, when in a market recovery were you start to have some working capital build, specifically around inventory were still managing our inventory very tightly, but on the receivable side as your sales start to ramp up, do you have an increase in your receivables thats probably the biggest driver impacting the first quarter. When you look page 11 you see thats spike in receivables from the fourth quarter largely due to the profile of our sales and some few day increase in the days outstanding but in fact an improvement in the quality and the overview status of our receivable, so nothing it all but Im and concerned about more and something that I have the organization fully focused on making sure that were realizing our cash flow as timely as possible. You see on the inventory pretty stable inventory throughout the third, fourth and into the first quarter, so I think some build in the first quarter but we certainly expect that all to improve as the year progresses. Page-12 we have capital noted significant changes very stable there little bit of increase in cash from the cash generation, but our outstanding debt is consistent no commercial paper borrowings, so the only ratio changes on net debt to capital, which improves from 12% at year end to a 11% at the end of the first quarter. So with that, let me turn it back to Tim to talk about the end market outlook and the rest of the year.
Tim Powers: Thanks, Dave. Lets turn to page 13 and our outlook for the remainder of the 2010. Non-residential construction is our biggest market and some indicators have weakened since the beginning of the year. Based on our order flow, our expectation is for a decline in the 20% range that is consistent of what we thought in our last quarterly call. Our outlook for residential construction calls for modest growth, where multifamily construction should hurt the renovation as expected to help. The signs from our industrial market are very encouraging where we expect growth in those markets. Our power segment is expected to show some growth, we see utilities remaining cautious with regard to spending until decision makers see more evidence of a sustained pickup for demand in electricity. Under distribution side, the growth of residential construction should be joined by the return of maintenance spending on the network necessary to achieve required reliability. Transmission projects well needed are likely to be pushed out on the timeline, as utilities further assess the economic conditions and the current and future demand levels for electricity. We expect to find second half comparables to be more favorable than the first half. The net impact of this outlook is a fairly flat expectation for volume in Hubbells end markets including the incremental contribution from Burndy. Lets turn to page 14 for some concluding comments before we take some of your questions. A flat outlook on our end market implies we will be focused on new product introductions and acquisitions to generate volume. If we use the last decade as our guide, an average years worth of acquisition where that five points of potential growth and being recognized for having the best LED product of the year is a good indicator of our focus on new products. Managing price, cost and productivity will also be key. The price cost equation will create some headwinds over the next couple of quarters as we expect in cost increases may be difficult to cover with price. So productivity will continue to be the focal point. Last years productive actions have created 100 basis points of tailwind for us and we have many new initiatives for 2010, including more facility consolidations, product redesign and further improvement of our lean processes. Our productivity programs have made good progress in the first quarter and are on track for our full-year goals. So we expect at the mix of brands, people and processes will continue to deliver value to our customers, while our conservative balance sheet will support investments in our future growth as our end markets rebound allowing Hubbell to continue to lead the way.  So thank you for your attention and now well be happy to take your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Bob Cornell - Barclays Capital.
Bob Cornell - Barclays Capital: I guess first of all, our accessory call recently. I mean what sort of visibility do you have? You talked about non-residential at down 20%, I mean what sort of visibility you have looking out and how far can you look out in that space?
Tim Powers: As we've said before our backlog is about a month and we look at order rates and quotations and probably we have, I would say two to three months of visibility ahead. So maybe through the second quarter and what were saying certainly is consistent what we said before. We don't have any different outlook on volume for the entire year than we had at the beginning of the year. So from our point of view of the markets have not change significantly, I think were seeing slightly less decline in non-residential, slightly less utility and more on the industrial and other businesses. So its adds up to about the same number.
Bob Cornell - Barclays Capital: Tim, numbers and commerce make things difficult and in terms of dollars of business, I mean when you project that the dollars of business turning up or down ex-seasonality?
Tim Powers: They are trending along the line of down 20%. We should see some sequential improvement from the first quarter as the normal construction cycle, but that gap of 20% should be pretty much maintained I would say. I'm not suggesting the non-residential and particularly commercial construction will be better than both forecast -- domestic about the rest of our markets.
Bob Cornell - Barclays Capital: Could you go more inside, how Burndy actually did? What the revenues, where the profitability in each of the earnings accretion dilution?
Tim Powers: Revenues were exactly inline with our expectation. Their earnings were a little bit below, which had more to do with the transition to a new company and the start up cost of establishing your own services that were provided by a parent, but from an operations point of view they were inlaying with expectations.
Bob Cornell  Barclays Capital.: Yes, I guess finally you know when you look at Power margins looking forward who would you except those margin be for the year there 59 in the quarter would you expect be I had the comments about you know price cost, I mean end of the day what you look at is good number for the year.
Tim Powers: Well, first let me start and talk about price per movement. Certainly all any of us can fall those trends were receive the metals rising whether its steal, copper, aluminum, zinc and zone and also oil, so our company is in the process of the increasing price across the board of the industrial price increases throughout the lighting business will increases price June, plus 46% and the rest will follow sometime during Q2. So, at the typical year, last year was one were commodity cost fell prices soften that the end of the year this is the reverse of that and weve been through that before, so thats well seeing in broad assumption and the cost you know are started up in Q1 and we expect them to continue into Q2 but we expect that between productivity and price we will you know the offset the cost increase.
Bob Cornell  Barclays Capital.: Well, the Power margin is peaked in the third quarter last year 22 we can down the fourth quarter can down again the first quarter, I mean Im going to see those margins sequentially declined because the price cost timing difference, I mean where we are drop the? 
Dave Nord: I wouldnt expect us to as we said last year in the third quarter was an unusually good one time of that but the average margin there experience last year should be close to what we see this year.
Tim Powers: Yes, Bob I would tell you that, I think that you know first quarter margins are probably were we would say a trough, because it volume dependent. I mean we see the first quarter volume has the lowest then thats what an element that drives that impact and you will see sequential improvement throughout the year, you might see some weakness at the year and just because again some volume issues, but as Tim mentioned the issue around price cost you know we got to managed through that and confident that we will. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Jeff Beach - Stifel Nicolaus. 
Jeff Beach - Stifel Nicolaus: Just looking sequentially here at the sales declined in the earnings and realizing the fourth quarter benefited from a LIFO it still looks like a pretty high contribution margin decline. I was back and work at the comments you made about the fourth quarter they were productivity continued cost reductions not much pressure from raw material cost and Im working in just trying to figure out that making some adjustments here why the profits went down more than what I would have calculated off of your leverage?
Dave Nord: I can only tell you that when we put our plans together, were right exactly where we thought we would as compare to looking at the last quarter. So, its hard to make to response to that exactly certainly the volume as a negative impact on factory performance theres a little headwind on material side, but I dont know exactly how to respond to that.
Tim Powers: Jeff, I think the two things that you needed to keep and I think probably two are the biggest drivers, because the volume certainly is down. If I recall in the fourth quarter was our biggest impact from our inventory reduction on LIFO coming through as well as the fourth quarter still has a good price cost favorability not as the lower third quarter, but in the fourth quarter, I will say, would mitigate back to more neutral in the first quarter. So, when you take those two things into account, thats pretty much what were seeing thats pretty much what we expected.
Jeff Beach - Stifel Nicolaus: You think there is any meaningful change in the mix that you can think off?
Tim Powers: No, I just mentioned, its a little less worse in non-residential than we though, we are encouraged certainly our residential business for the first time as past the orders and sales have exceeded the prior year. So, we see that as an important place to be right now and hopefully that will continue to turn more positive as plan goes on thats what we think is going to happen. The industrial markets are little better than we though and a very hopeful signs there. So, were encouraged generally and we dont have a different view, we have the same view of the year just a little bit I think different from a timing of revenue perhaps been that you guys thought that we should have.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jeff Sprague - Vertical Research Partners.
Jeff Sprague - Vertical Research Partners: One of you could just explore a little bit more the ideas that power margins would have crossed here, given I mean obviously were maybe at a little bit of the seasonal low, but given what you're saying about transmission project sliding given that's 20% of your business perhaps, but certainly seems the general turn out there on all things. T&D is actually maybe getting a little worse not better, do you have a little bit more visibility in that business now than perhaps your generalized answer to pick ups earlier question.
Dave Nord: I think the transmission revenues for us relative to projects for 2010 are fairly secure because the once that we have won our multiple year projects. What were saying is that the growth in those revenues for years further out is being reduced by the fact that some new projects that, which we fell. We have an excellent chance to win or being pushed out as public utilities have the luxury of times to delay those parts based on lower demand for energy. So we would like them to proceed. Were in a great market position to prosper from that, but we see one after the other sliding up by year, but once that we have our multiple year projects and this is just in the midst of them.
Jeff Sprague - Vertical Research Partners: Just a little bit more on price, I think you said you're going up for another four to six on lighting, I believe order magnitude you went after a four-ish at the beginning of the year, I just wonder if you give us a little color on kind of the acceptance in the distribution channel for that type of price increase and any pushback you're seeing?
Dave Nord: We really haven't had any price increase up to this point in the year. They have been limited price increases. So on the residential side we have some, but on the C&I we don't have any yet this year, but Id say that clearly our industrial product lines have increased price, Burndys increased price. So I would see the industry catching up with the inflation that's happening in the first half of this year, but during this second quarter.
Operator: Your final question comes from Christopher Glynn - Oppenheimer.
Christopher Glynn - Oppenheimer: Just looking at the electrical margins into the second quarter, it looks like besides some better seasonal volumes that some factors moving into there, would be mixed with high voltage test coming back, Burndy post I guess with some integration issues and maybe timing of the industrial product lines pricing is that all fair to think about?
Tim Powers: Yes, you get me nervous Chris you make me sound like you got some insight here. That was pretty good.
Christopher Glynn - Oppenheimer: On the utility the power systems would have though since storm benefits. Is that a timing issue? Should we still see something? I mean the weather was pretty dramatic.
Tim Powers: No we had some storm volume, but if you recall the prior year had an exceedingly large amount, so relative year-on-year comparisons was lower its not like we didnt have the storm, but the previous year we have a lot more.
Christopher Glynn - Oppenheimer: On the lighting, the 4% to 6% increase, can you just kind of reference the other majors what their timing is relative to yours magnitude and
Tim Powers: I dont know, I cant tell you that but I dont have any specific information of what the other guys are doing.
Christopher Glynn - Oppenheimer: Do you think market share is moving around down that space?
Tim Powers: At the margin, maybe, but I dont see any significant trends there, nothing major.
Operator: That does conclude todays question-and-answer session. Id like to turn the call back over to our presenters for any additional or closing remarks.
Tim Powers: Thank you everybody for joining us this morning and if anybody has follow-up questions Jim Farrell and I are around to take those calls. So thank you for joining us.
Operator: That does conclude todays call. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2009 Q2  (2009-07-22 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Tim Powers - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer Dave Nord - Chief Financial Officer Bill Sperry - Vice President, Corporate Strategy & Development Jim Farrell - Director of Investor Relations 
Analysts:  Bob Cornell - Barclays Capital Steve Gambuzza - Longbow Capital Christopher Glynn - Oppenheimer & Co Noel Bill - Unidentified Company Brian Cunningsburgh - Citigroup Fritz Vanguard - Unidentified Company
Operator: Good day, everyone. Welcome to the Hubbell 2009 second quarter earnings conference call. Todays call is being recorded. Now, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Bill Sperry. Please go ahead.
Bill Sperry: Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining, Hubbell second quarter 2009 earnings call, Im joined by Tim Powers, our Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, Dave Nord, our Chief Financial Officer; and Jim Farrell, our Director of Investor Relations. Hubbell announced its second quarter earnings this morning, and hopefully you have found press release off of the wires or on our website. You should also find their presentation materials that Tim and Dave will be referring to on our call today. Let me refer everyone listening to the call to the paragraph in our press release and in the materials regarding forward-looking statements. The press release and materials may contain expectations based on assumptions and Hubbells performance in the future, particularly regarding our earnings. We also may make some comments here today on this call or answer questions, which may include forward-looking statements. All of these involve inherent assumptions with known and unknown risks, and other factors that can cause our actual or future results to differ, perhaps materially from what we may discuss or project today. So, please note that paragraph in our release and I would like to consider it incorporated by reference into the call this morning. In addition, we may make reference to non-GAAP financial measures. Those measures are reconciled to comparable GAAP measures in the Appendix to the presentation materials. With that, I will turn it over to Tim.
Tim Powers: Thank you, Bill. Welcome everyone and thank you for joining us this morning, I will begin todays call with a summary of the results we announced this morning, including some comments on our agreement to acquire Burndy, which was also announced this morning. Then I will turn it over to Dave who will go through a more detailed analysis of our financial performance. Finally, I will provide my perspective on the outlook for the remainder of 2009, and some closing remarks before opening up the call to take questions from you. Dave and I will both be referring this morning to the presentation materials you have hopefully found on our website. Turning to page three in the second quarter. Our sales were 584 million, a decline of 15% from the first quarter of 2008. When adjusted for the effects of acquisitions foreign exchange and price base volume was down approximately 18%, inline with the outlook we provided on our last call. Due to the significant volume decline, our operating margins declined 240 basis points compared to last years second quarter and earnings per diluted share was $0.70, a drop of 36%. However, our operating margins improved 160 basis points when compared to the first quarter of 2009 as our focus on productivity, price realization and the benefit of lower commodity cost all contributed to the sequential margin expansion. The current quarter results include $0.4 per diluted share for workforce reduction cost. Now turning to our end markets. Construction activity for both residential and non-residential markets remain weak. The industrial market is lower as evidence by capacity utilization rates. Utility spending is down on the distribution side, due to sustained weakness in the housing market as well as, some capital spending delays. On a positive note, two areas of continued growth were high voltage test equipment and building automation products. Our reaction to these challenging market conditions has been decisive. Our workforce has been reduced 17% inline with the sales volume declines, while inventory levels have been reduced by over $55 million since year end. Weve also consolidated facilities and well continue to do so as is warranted. These difficult, but necessary decisions, will help drive improve performance in the second half of the year and beyond. Now I would like to spend sometime discussing our Burndy announcement. As many of you know Burndy is a highly recognized brand within the channel with a long history of delivering high quality products with excellent service, their broad product line is complementary to Hubbells offering with little overlap as they go to market through the same distributions channel we do. In addition, Burndy fits well into our market with sales in the construction and industrial as well as utility markets. Burndys geographic mix is also similar to Hubbell with a majority of the sales in North America. Financially, they earn attractive margins and there is a potential for both sales and operating efficiencies overtime. I also look forward to welcoming the Burndy management team and the employees to the Hubbell family. They are a good cultural fit, with their focus on lean, safety, engineering, and customer service. Let me turn it over to Dave now, to have him discuss the financials in more detail. Dave.
Dave Nord: Thanks Tim. Good morning everyone. Im going to start on page four of the presentation and go through the quarter and then year-to-date. As Tim mentioned, sales in the quarter were $584.2 million, which is down 15% from the second quarter of last year. Included in that is the impact of acquisitions from last year that contributed four points of growth year-over-year. Offsetting that was foreign currency translation, which was a three point detriment and the difference getting to the core volume decline of 18% is price. Price in the quarter was, in absolute terms, a positive number, although its rounds to something just short of 1%, so not a significant contributor. On the gross margin side, gross margin was 29.8%, which is 60 basis points lower than the second quarter of last year. Certainly we like gross margin to be increasing, but when you consider the level of volume decline and the impact from that as well as the impact from our factory fixed cost absorption, as a result of the inventory reductions, which in the quarter alone were just over $40 million. Were quite pleased with that accomplishment, a lot of thats as a result of the productivity gains that were seeing from investments that weve made over the last few years. Turning to page five, as we look at our SG&A and our operating profit, SG&A down from last year $7.3 million, although not enough to offset the impact of the volume decline. So, SG&A as a percentage of sales is up 170 basis points. Number of items, contributing to that, as I mentioned in the first quarter, we have pension cost increases for the year that impact that. The workforce reduction costs associated, that Tim alluded to earlier and of course the impact of lower volume and to some extent, some of the costs associated with the transaction that we announced this morning. As you know, in the new accounting rules on acquisitions, all of the deal costs have to be expensed as incurred. So we have those in the quarter. All that leading to operating profit of $66.6 million, down 30% as a percent of sales, 11.4%. Our biggest contributors being the lower volume and the inventory reductions, as well as the work force reduction costs. Note that are continued to manage our staffing levels very aggressively, down nearly 400 from the first quarters levels and a 11% from year end. Turning to page six, some of the other income statement items, net interest expense of $7.6 million, up 38%, principally due to the higher debt levels resulting from the debt offering to $300 million offering in May of last year. Our tax rate for the quarter was 31.5% similar to the first quarter, about a point higher than last year, contributing to that increase is lower benefit from foreign operations offset by the benefit of the R&D tax credit that we recall. We reorganized in the latter part of 2008 is reflected throughout 2009, that leading to net income of $39.4 million, down 36% and earnings per diluted share of $0.70 also down 36%.  Let me turn, now to the segment results. On page seven, first on the Electrical segment. Sales of $397 million, down 22%, deterioration from the first quarters 14% decline, really due to broad end market weakness across all of our businesses, the most significant exception being continued trump performance in the high voltage test equipment. Foreign currency head wins of four points in the quarter and still some acquisition benefit from the lighting acquisition in the latter part of 2008 that contributed two points of growth. On the operating profit side, operating profit of $31.2 million, down 51% margin of 7.9%, its an improvement from the first quarters 6.9% and its reflective of a number of items impacting the quarter, obviously the margin compression that comes from the lower volume, but also the workforce reduction cost that weve incurred principally in the Electrical segment where the biggest volume decline has incurred, as well as the absorption impact from the inventory reductions where the vast majority of the inventory reductions have also occurred. Turning to page eight, the Power segment reported sales of a $187.2 million, up 2% from the second quarter of last year. Acquisitions added 12% to the year-over-year performance, but with weaker demand for distribution products, price was a contributor, but at less than two points in the segment. Operating profit, very good performance, $35.4 million of operating profit in the quarter, thats up $4.3 million from the second quarter of last year; and more importantly, operating margins of 18.9%, up nearly two full points from last year. A Lot of that driven by the productivity gains, some element of commodity cost tail win, as I mentioned price less than two points contributing to the Power performance. We turn now to an even better highlight for the quarter is our cash flow on page nine. Free cash flow of a $101.4 million, up $21 million from last years second quarter, despite net income contributing $22 million less, the vast majority of that cash flow improvement coming from working capital, particularly inventory, but also good accounts receivable management, and also aided by very tight discipline around our investments for capital expenditures so, all in all, a very solid quarter, particularly in light of the market conditions. So that brings us to a year-to-date summary with sales impacted by our declining end markets. Margins and earnings impacted by unfavorable absorption. Were taking aggressive actions on cost containment, cost reduction, workforce reduction and inventory levels to offset that as well as to generate cash flow good performance. So, youll see on page 11, the numbers associated with our first half results with sales, down 11%, operating profit down 27%, margin down 230 basis points, net income of $73.2 million down 33%; our increased tax rate earnings per share year-to-date of a $1.30, down 33%, and free cash flow of a $140 million, up 38% from what was very good performance in 08 as well. Just a couple of quick highlights on the segments year-to-date, so you see that down the Electrical segment, sales of $799.5 million, down 18%. So the trend there is 14% down in the first quarter 22%, in the second quarter on a core volume basis. With broad base weakness, foreign currency headwinds and continued strength in high voltage test equipment. An operating profit of $8.9 million, down 48%; margin of 7.4% year-to-date, but with an improving trend from first quarter to second quarter as we start to realize some of the benefits from our cost reduction actions and workforce management. Turning to page 13, on a year to date basis, the Power segment reporting sales of $370.3 million, up 9% with favorable acquisition impact and a limited amount of price, but weaker spending in the market for distribution products, and some benefit from storm activity earlier in the year. The operating profit performance, $65 million year-to-date, margin of 17.6%, good performance there with the productivity gains and commodity cost tailwind. So our year-to-date cash flow gets us to as I mentioned, $140 million of free cash flow that just short of 200% of net income. So very strong performance in a very difficult operating environment, largely attributable to strong emphasis on working capital particularly inventory, as well as the discipline around our capital expenditure. Page 15, you see the trend in working capital, where we have our receivables are down to $326.8 million at the end of June. Our days outstanding inline with year end, as well as at the same point last year, and our overdue balance continues to be perform well, continuing to operate at historically low levels. So, were very pleased with working capital and particularly, receivable inventory, receivable performance to-date. Inventory even more impressive, as you see the efforts going into reducing our inventory, down $40 million from the first quarter, $55 million from the end of the year, our days outstanding down one day from a year ago. Thats all leading to our very strong balance sheet on page 16, on our capital structure, you see our cash balance at the end of June $282.1 million, thats up a $104 million from the end of the year, no change in our debt outstanding. So our debt-to-capital improved slightly as a result of earnings to 32%, net debt-to-capital improved to a greater extent the result of a cash generation to 11%. Our borrowing capacity continues to be maintained at $350 million under our revolver. So with that, let me turn it back over to Tim to talk about our end markets.
Tim Powers: Thanks Dave. Now, lets turn to page 17 and our outlook for the remainder of 2009. Let me start by saying that, while we do not anticipate any improvement in our markets in the second half of the year. We have seen some signs of orders stabilizing albeit at lower levels. Our largest market exposure is the non-residential construction and the outlook for 2009 is a decline in the 20% range as a supply of financing and the demand for space remain impacted by the recession. Residential construction continues to operate at the press levels and well some are calling for the bottom later this year. We do not see any benefit for an additional two quarters as our products lag housing starts. Within the industrial market, we have significant exposure to energy and mining sectors. The demand for commodities is expected to remain weak, which dampens demand for new projects. Our utility end market is expected to remain down about 10% for the second half, as the demand for distribution products remains weak due to housing market. On the transmission side, opportunities for modest growth are expected. However, many of these projects are being delayed due to timing. So the timing of activity remains uncertain. As we have previously mentioned, we do not see any rebound in our market served in 2009. However, we are cautiously optimistic about the current stabilization of orders. We will continue to take the necessary action to manage Hubbell, which I have highlighted on page 18. Similar to the first half, we remain focused on managing our cost price equations continuing to reduce inventory levels and generate positive cash flow. Looking forward, our margins will benefit from the actions we have taken so far, including the facility consolidation, low cost country sourcing, centralizing shared services and reducing staffing. Well, the near term outlook for our markets is expected to remain a challenge; several areas should provide growth opportunities in the future. We have been tracking the stimulus package closely and expect to see orders starting sometime in 2010. Energy efficient buildings is an exciting driver of the future of Hubbell sales and the retrofit relight channel is an attractive opportunity. The need for more reliable and more efficient power should provide a positive growth driver for our power segment. As the market provides head wins we will manage the company accordingly. We are focused on our customer and serving them with a broad array of high quality reliable brands. We are positioning ourselves for growth in several key areas. We are improving our cost structure, our liquidity and our balance sheet remains strong. In short, Hubbell is well positioned to become a stronger and more profitable as markets improve. Thank you for your attention and now we would be happy to take some of your questions.
Operator: (Operator instructions) Your first question comes from Bob Cornell  Barclays Capital.
Bob Cornell - Barclays Capital: First of all congratulations to the Burndy deal, the ghost of [Burn Dimmner] is looking down from the sky and its a good deal too.
Dave Nord: You are one of the few people who might know that name.
Bob Cornell - Barclays Capital: Thats right, but more relevant non-arrays, okay, whats the beginning core activity, what sort of insights do you have in anyway looking out as much as possible there?
Tim Powers: Really not much, to add to our comments I would say a lot of quote and re-quote of the same projects, which still is an indication that the speed at which new starts of any kind are moving forward is slowed by economic conditions and financing conditions. So, the activity level is quite high, but whether its turning into orders is the challenge for us right now, but I dont really have any great insight into the future conditions, its more what we see today as it impacts jobs that might be placed one and two quarters out..
Bob Cornell - Barclays Capital: How much were the margin of the current quarter compressed by unabsorbed factory of variances left over from first quarter type of thing and even the second quarter and I guess more relevantly when do you see the destocking end and margins reflect the current price cost conditions?
Dave Nord: Bob I think its difficult to quantify and attribute a specific margin decline to the absorption but, clearly when you have the level of volume decline to that we are seeing at, in businesses that have pretty nice, gross margins that there is a drag and then I would put it at, at least a couple of points just coming out of the absorption and whether thats the inventory or the underlying demand. I think, we expect to see continued inventory, at least from our own perspective, continued inventory destocking so there is going to be a continuation of that although
Bob Cornell - Barclays Capital: Until when Dave?
Dave Nord: Certainly, through the rest of the year, although it will start to diminish as the second half moves forward and so, I think the relative impact will diminish and therefore, well start to see some overall improvement, but we still have, inventory to get out of our own systems.
Bob Cornell - Barclays Capital: Actually, I didnt see any, in terms of the Burndy deal, I just saw the headline. Have you given any sort of indications of price and accretion delusion or anything like that?
Dave Nord: The price is stated at $360 million...
Bob Cornell - Barclays Capital: Right.
Dave Nord: Included in there are some tax assets, so attached in the 8-K is some more information. We didnt really plan on getting into a whole lot of details about it. We indicated the margins were attractive in the press release, and certainly there are potential improvements to all of this when combined with Hubbell. So, you know the brand and you know that its a specification oriented product, and it will serve as well. We expect to close no sooner than October 1. So, were not prepared to go into a lot of detail about how we plan to finance it, but we did say that certainly, were going to use a lot of our cash thats available to us, and then look to the capital markets and, how we might provide permanent capital structure to that as time goes on.
Bob Cornell - Barclays Capital: Just a final comment on Lighting as a part of the whole business, I mean, how did the Lightening business do, and in the context of the transformation and plant moves and all the things going on and may be some price commentary there too.
Dave Nord: Its gone through as much restructuring in the first two quarters as our wiring device business and some of our other commercial businesses like Raco and so on. So, theyve been hit fairly hard on the C&I side and also on the residential side, but I would say that Im expecting the margins in Lighting to improve in the second half of the year from the actions have been taken, as well as the other business units that I have named. So, weve done a lot of good work, I think these are very tough times, and I think our management team has done a lot of heavy lifting to get the house in order for where we sit today. So, its going along about as well as you could expect, but we expect to see better margins in the second half.
Operator: Your next question comes from Steven Gambuzza - Longbow Capital.
Steven Gambuzza - Longbow Capital: The operating margin performance in the Power business, you mentioned that price was a two point driver. On the quarter is it right, on the top line?
Tim Powers: Right.
Steven Gambuzza - Longbow Capital: Should we basically assume that basically kind of fall straight to margins, if you were to kind of adjust the 18.9% for the price it was kind of 16.9% or was it kind of flat like last year. Is that a fair way to think about it?
Dave Nord: Certainly, you have to look at price in combination with the commodity costs. So, its not a straight drop through. Youre still trying to recover commodity cost but, there certainly is a positive impact somewhere between one and two points.
Steven Gambuzza - Longbow Capital: Okay, then I was wondering if on page 17 of your presentation, you offer basically a unchanged view of the end markets in 2009, and you mentioned that you are alternatively expressing some optimism around stabilization and orders. Can you just kind of give some directional sense as to where you think things are headed at these various end markets in 2010, if you expect any of these to be offered down or flat in 2010?
Tim Powers: We are arent going to go out, I mean the reason were not providing specific guidance is the magnitude of big changes out there that are beyond our own company to predict, but I would say that, our view of the markets has earlier in the year was a little more pessimistic than some of the forecasts and now, we think that the order rates are coming inline with our current view of the markets. So, what were cautiously optimistic about is the stabilization of orders from month-to-month getting to be flat, close to flat. Whats more challenging is, when you make the comparisons of the prior year, certainly you had the normal construction cycle going on in 2008 and there was more activity in each the second and sequentially, the third so the gap where were operating at now at the level of activity versus the prior year is widening, but the level of business today is somewhat stabilizing. So I almost hate to say that, Im optimistic about it, but I just wanted to indicate that there is some stability right now. So our view of these markets is pretty much unchanged from the first quarter.
Steve Gambuzza - Longbow Capital: On the acquired business, you provided the purchase price deed in the kind of '08 metrics in terms of sales and then operating margins. It seems like given the end markets that this company faces. Im not personally familiar with the products, but the way it was like going to be a peak year in terms of both sales and margins. So, one would expect a decline in sales and a decline in margins in 2009. You were depending upon where things break in 2010. Sales could be flat or down, margins could be flat or down also. We can kind of do the math and figure out what the acquired EBITDA is under different scenarios? I guess, when you think about the potential for synergies, they can cost out of the business. What do you feel like you are buying this business that of EBITDA evaluation is similar to your own or is it above that or below that, given your synergies?
Tim Powers: Were not prepared to go into a lot of details about that conversation just yet. We think certainly the price was okay, given the property that was available. The inclusion of the tax assets that were there, this is a brand which is a market leading brand. You will pay a four multiple of earnings then for some other properties. This is a company that we have looked at for over 25 years. So, I wouldnt say that we have paid a multiple thats out of line with others that we have acquired in a bottom of a recession. The multiples are little bit higher, but well have a lot more information for you, as we get to the transaction itself at the end of the third quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from Christopher Glynn - Oppenheimer & Co.
Christopher Glynn - Oppenheimer & Co: Id like go into the power systems operating margins a little bit deeper. Given that, it sounds like your outlook is for state or revenue trends sequentially. Then just looking at the operating margin there just versus the first quarter. Did [Inaudible 7 audio 2:58] drop off a whole lot? Did price increase sequentially? Did acquisition integrations just kind of get behind you, quite a pop sequentially and need to understand, how sustainable that is?
Tim Powers: Chris, I think one of the things to look at there is when we talk about price that you know there has always been a lag in the pricing, when trying to match the costs. So the second quarter I think represents the last of the benefit from any prior price increases. So thats not anticipated to be beneficial going forward. So, youll see that starting to tighten as well. So getting closer to if not already a parody on a price commodity cost curve at todays our cost levels. So, I think, theres probably more pressure going forward, when youre looking against Q2 margins in power, at least on that dimension. On the flip side, youve got acquisitions that well contributed incremental volume were not accretive to margins in the quarter, as we expected. So, but we expect that those will continue to improve and so that will be an offset going forward and well add some incremental benefit. So, does that help?
Christopher Glynn - Oppenheimer & Co: Yes it does. I guess, Ill just try to push it a little bit further. Any specifics I can have power systems margins guides?
Tim Powers: No.
Christopher Glynn - Oppenheimer & Co: Okay and Tim, you referred to improve performance in the second half. Are you anticipating second half earnings over half the full year?
Tim Powers: Were not getting into the specific guidance. I just said they were looking for some payback and benefits particularly in the Electrical segment, where we have done the most work in terms of reducing our employment levels and reducing inventories; and I agree with what Dave said earlier that, we still have work to do and there is more inventory to being to be taken out because of the dramatic decline in volumes. So, theres work to be done certainly in the second half, but there should be some payback and there will be more restructurings, but probably not as much as in the second half as there has been in the first half.
Christopher Glynn - Oppenheimer & Co: Okay, and then lastly. On Burndy and their kind of general experience with the cycle looks like pretty similar end markets, what are they experiencing sort of a similar top line dynamic to Hubbell?
Tim Powers: I would say that, given where they are, they would be participating in the markets that are indicated probably with the same rate of changes the market in general.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your next question comes from Noel Bill - Unidentified Company.
Noel Bill - Unidentified Company: I just had actually a couple of quick questions. First is, last quarter you talked a bit about inventory destocking at distributors. I was just curious to know, if there was any continuation of that in the quarter or if thats partially completed?
Tim Powers: I said, I think, last quarter that I expected it to continue. It is continuing at a lower rate, but certainly there are so many distributors, but not all of them react at the same rate, so some of them have completed their reduction of inventory, others are still under way. So I would expect that to continue at a decreasing rate at least through this next quarter. So we can still see in a few of our brands higher returns of product than we would have seen a year ago at this time and thats an indication along with lower order rates that they are trying to rebalance inventories and thats still an ongoing story. Not at nowhere near where it was in Q1.
Noel Bill - Unidentified Company: Okay, great. Thats helpful. My second question is, just a housekeeping question. The four sense of workforce reduction cost. Where does those kind of, first could you give us kind, what are their shake out on the income statement and then if there were any operating income could you give kind of a number?
Dave Nord: Well, theyre all an operating income. Theyre about equally split between operations and G&A. Its about $4 million or the $0.4 and principally in the electrical side.
Operator: Your next question comes from Fritz Vanguard  Unidentified Company.
Fritz Vanguard  Unidentified Company: I guess, I wanted to follow up on the pricing trend. How is aside from the lag effects that something you put in your price list working in. How would you say that the pricing environment in general evolved through the quarter?
Bill Sperry: I would say that, prices have declined where products are of a large metallic nature, metals content inline with the movement of steel, copper and aluminum and specific, specified brands are generally holding price level and margins that theyve had, but there are really no new price increases. So what youre really seeing are the benefits carrying over from previous one. So, were just coming to the point as Dave indicated, where there really is very little positive price left in the second half of the year.
Fritz Vanguard: You said in your earlier comment addressing pricing, you said something about just looking at the second half that, prices would follow the commodity cost trend or close that gap or something like that. Does that, Im not exactly sure whats your commodity cost trends have done? Does that mean that your prices are now, they are at that parity now or would you say that there is some air underneath prices above cost that might come out?
Dave Nord: No, Im not looking for any dramatic margin compression between cost price, Im not anticipating that, Im just indicating that in a natural way in the market that if this price of steel goes down then those products that are made almost exclusively from steel would follow. That doesnt necessarily mean that margins will get compressed in any significant way.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jeff Sprague  Citigroup. 
Brian Cunningsburgh  Citigroup : Yeah, hi this is Brian Cunningsburgh calling in for Jeff. Just a couple of quick questions, how are you doing? You answered most of my questions, I guess, first I may have missed this but did you provide the price contribution in the electrical segment?
Dave Nord: Yes, it was less than a point.
Brian Cunningsburgh - Citigroup: Secondly it seems your transmission performance is actually holding up relatively well, some other supplies are indicating a lot of weakness given the deferral projects and credit disruptions, but maybe can you give you a little bit color as to why your business is holding in and where you are playing and how do you expect that to progress through the rest of 09?
Tim Powers: Really how well you are performing in transmission is how well you are aligned with those utilities that are proceeding to build some of the large transmission lines, and if you are aligned with them and an important supplier then the chances are that you are getting the benefit of the start of some of those big projects, that happens to be the case with us.  That doesnt mean that the market in general has grown like we hoped it would, it means, certainly I think the political situation and the situation around energy has created enough uncertainty about types of fuel and support for different types of renewable that whole movement, that political movement is adding to the economic uncertainty to slow the progress of the market, but there are some major projects moving forward and those companies that are playing in those projects will do quite well I believe.
Operator: (Operator instructions) And it appears there are no further questions at this time.
Bill Sperry: Well, thank you very much for participating in our call, we appreciate it, talk to you next quarter.
Operator: Ladies and Gentlemen that conclude todays conference. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2009 Q1  (2009-04-23 10:00:00) =====
Executives: William R. Sperry - Vice President, Corporate Strategy and Development Timothy H. Powers - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer David G. Nord - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Jeffrey Sprague - Citigroup Robert Cornell - Barclays Capital Christopher Glynn - Oppenheimer & Co. Scott Davis - Morgan Stanley Steven Gambuzza - Longbow Capital Jeffrey Beach - Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc. Rand Gessing - Neuberger Berman, LLC
Operator: Good day, everyone. Welcome to the Hubbell 2009 First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. Now, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Bill Sperry. Please go ahead.
William R. Sperry: Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us. With me this morning are Tim Powers, our Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, Dave Nord, our Chief Financial Officer; and Jim Farrell, our Director of Investor Relations. Hubbell announced its first quarter earnings this morning, and hopefully you have found our press release off of the wires or on our website. You will also find presentation materials on the website that Tim and Dave will refer to during the call today. Let me refer everyone listening to the call to a paragraph in our press release and in the materials regarding forward-looking statements. The press release and materials may contain expectations based on assumptions and Hubbell's performance in the future, particularly regarding our earnings. We also may make some comments today on this call or answer questions which may include forward-looking statements. All of these involve inherent assumptions with known and unknown risks, and other factors that can cause our actual or future results to differ, perhaps materially from what we may discuss or project to you today. So, please note that paragraph in our release. And I would like to consider it incorporated by reference into the call this morning. In addition, we may make reference to non-GAAP financial measures. Those measures are reconciled to comparable GAAP measures in the Appendix to the presentation materials. And with that, I would like to turn the call over to Tim.
Timothy H. Powers: Thanks Bill. Welcome everyone and thank you for joining us this morning. As is our usual practice with these calls, I'm going to provide you with a summary of the results we announced this morning. And then Dave will walk you through a more detail discussion of our financial performance. I will conclude with my perspective on the outlook for the remainder of 2009, and some closing remarks. Then we will open it up and take some questions from you. We will refer this morning to the presentation materials you have hopefully found on our website. I am starting on page three. Our first quarter results are reflective of the weak residential and non-residential construction markets that are being weighed down by the recessionary conditions that persist in our market, and the lack of availability of financing. Our sales for the quarter were 585.6 million, a decline of 7% from the first quarter of 2008. Those sales were aided by acquisitions, price increases and storm-related shipments. Base unit volume would've been down approximately 12%, inline with the outlook we provided in our January call. Residential construction continued to decline sharply, and non-residential construction is off significantly. Bright spots include our Power segment, Building Automation, our high voltage test equipment, and the retrofit relighting opportunities. Obviously, we are facing a challenging economic environment. And we are working hard to align our organization to that available market. Our work force has been reduced since last fall, and we continue to evaluate additional alternatives. The employment actions we made in the first quarter resulted in approximately 3 million in charges, and with net savings of nearly 7 million in 2009. When combined with the actions in the fourth quarter last year, the net savings impact will be nearly 23 million. But our story is not just cost cutting. Importantly, the net impact of price and productivity improvement, more than just covered cost increases. These factors are a key focus in our management in this environment. In asset management, our inventories are down in dollars, and comparable in days to the first quarter of last year. And I am also pleased to highlight that our wiring, Hubbell Wiring Device division earned the Supplier of The Year award from Grainger, a great sign that the challenging environment is not changing our relentless focus on innovation, quality, reliability and customer service. Let me turn it over to Dave now, and have him discuss the financials in more detail.
David G. Nord: Thanks Tim. Good morning, everyone. I am on page four on the company materials, if you want to follow along. I'll start first with our first quarter results. Net sales, as Tim mentioned, were 585.6 million in the first quarter, down 7%. Biggest item impacting that against the core volume was acquisitions, which actually contributed five points to the gross. So, excluding that, it was down 12%. Foreign currency was a detriment of four points to the growth. And that was offset by the rollover impact of pricing actions that were taken last year, and some storm benefit in that utility business that offset the currency. But otherwise, we are dealing with a 12% organic decline in business, result of the broad-based market weakness. That resulted in gross profit of a 167 million, down about 11% from last year and a gross margin of 28.5%, down from last year's first quarter of 29.8. And that's really a result principally, of the lower volume, and the impact of reducing our inventories. So, it really exacerbates the overhead absorption issue. On the positive side, the combination of price and more importantly, productivity improvements that we continue to focus on, offset cost increases. Our commodities, and more importantly, some of the other costs within the business particularly, as we've talked in past pension headwind. Turning to page five, we look at our SG&A costs in the quarter. They were a 109.7 million, down 2.2 million. That includes acquisitions of 6.1 million year-over-year. So, excluding acquisitions, actually down 7%, not as much as the level of sales volume. So, as a percent of sales up 80 basis points, to 18.7%. But that increase is really attributable to two main components, probably equally split the costs associated with the work force reduction, actions that we took in the first quarter, as well as the year-over-year pension cost headwinds. That led to operating profit of 57.3 million, and an operating margin of 9.8%, down 220 basis points from last year's first quarter, which we reported of 12%. And that's all again, due to the lower volume, inventory reductions and employment level cost actions. Turning to page six. Some of the other items in the P&L, net interest expense was up 3.1 million from last year's first quarter. You'll recall that we issued $300 million of term debt midway through the second quarter. So, that higher interest rate -- higher interest expense is really reflective of that higher level of outstanding debt that was used for some of our strategic initiatives last year, both share repurchase and the acquisitions. Our tax rate, year-over-year, up one full point to 31.5%, really due to a lower benefit that we see from some of our foreign operations, as well as Puerto Rico. So, all that leads to net income of 33.8 million, down 30% and earnings per diluted share of $0.60 versus last year's $0.85, down 29%, with relatively comparable outstanding shares. You'll note that we had no share repurchase in the first quarter of this year. So, we're maintaining our level of outstanding shares. Let me turn now to some segment insights on page seven. First, on the Electrical segment. We reported net sales of 402.5 million, down 14%. The segment level currency hurt us by a comparable four points. And that was offset by the acquisition benefit from the acquisitions in the lighting business of last year, and a little bit of price. But otherwise, some broad-based market weakness. We saw our residential business down 27% and our wiring and C&I lighting business is down double-digit. One of the contributing factors to the year-over-year decline, and the impact in the first quarter was distributor inventory reductions as the channel was reducing our inventory. It's very difficulty to measure that precisely. Certainly, there is activity in that regard. And its activity that largely occurs in the first quarter, but probably not solely. We know from own experience how difficult it is to adjust to inventories in response to the market. And we expect that the channel will have some similar challenges. And so, it's likely roll in to the second quarter. On the bright spot, we did have good market performance continuing in our high voltage test equipment, with that business up year-over-year in the first quarter. Operating profit and margin, negatively impacted certainly, by the volume decline with margin compression due to the lower volume, and the employment action costs. We've got reduced inventory levels. You will note that we had inventory down from year-end by 15 million. All of that in the Electrical segment, as a result of the very weak market conditions there. So, the big impact is in the Electrical segment. But, the good new is we still have productivity improvements that help mitigate that costs. Page eight, on the Power segment. We reported sales of 183.1 million, up 16%, very good performance in the quarter. Biggest contributor to that year-over-year improvement was acquisitions, which contributed 14 of the 16 points, the results of incremental volume from storms in the first quarter, and then some price realization. When you take all that into account, we think that the underlying core demand actually was down about 7%. On the profitability side, operating profit of 29.6 million, up 17%, with a slight improvement in margin. We've got selling price increases covering our commodity costs. You'll recall that there's a lag in getting the recovery of those costs. And so, what you see in the first quarter is reflective of the final catch-up against the cost increases we saw last year. But, we do have productivity improvements. And the acquisitions, while they were significant contributors on the top-line, were not as nearly significant in the profitability side. So, from a margin standpoint they were slightly dilutive. Turning to page nine. Cash flow; very good cash flow performance. We are pleased with our cash flow. Operating cash flow of 46.6 million in the first quarter, up nearly $14 million from last year's first quarter. And a good discipline around our capital expenditures one of the contributing items to the decrease from last year. Last year's 11.9 million included costs associated with the expansion of our, one of our facilities in Mexico, to make room for more of our product transfers that have helped us close some of our facilities. So third, free cash flow of 38.6 million, a 114% of net income. A big -- some good performance as we'll talk in a few minutes on working capital. You see on working capital, receivables. Receivables contributed 26 million of our operating cash flow in the quarter. Good collections, good -- you'll note the days outstanding, better than a year ago. We are very focused on receivable quality, receivable dating, making sure that we are keeping our days outstanding very tight in this tough credit market. And inventory as well, good performance, moving our inventories down 15 million from year-end, and about 12 from a year ago. And keep in mind that year-over-year comparison has an acquisition impact. And if you just out the acquisition impact, we are down close to 10% from a year ago. So, all that results in trade working capital just up as a percent of sales, up slightly from the last year at 21.9%. Page 11, our capital structure continues to be very strong, very pleased with it. No significant changes from year-end other than the contribution of our cash flow in the first quarter, which brings our net debt-to-cap down a point to 18% from 19% at the end of the year. So, we've maintained the flexibility in our capital structure, and also maintaining our conservative balance sheet. So, with that, I'll turn it back to Tim, to talk a bit about the outlook.
Timothy H. Powers: Thanks Dave. Now, let's turn to page 12, and our outlook for the remainder of 2009. Non-residential construction is our largest market. And the outlook for 2009 is for decline in the 20% plus range, as the recession hurts demand for new buildings, and the lack of financing holds down construction. Residential construction continues to decline as the market struggles to absorb the existing inventories, while rising unemployment hurts demand. Our industrial end markets are expected to decline in the low double-digit range, given the soft outlook for demand. Our Power segment should see double-digit declines in the distribution spending due to weaker residential construction activity, while overall transmission spending maybe flat to up low single-digits. The maintenance and repair element of this business, while down year-over-year, will soften the impact of the construction declines. Unfortunately, we do not see a recovery in 2009, but rather these conditions persisting. While the power and industrial markets can be expected to moderate, and the residential construction may turn positive in 2010, the non-residential construction outlook should remain in recession for several quarters. Turning to page 13. I would like to highlight that although, challenging, this environment is manageable. We will take actions that are necessary. And there are positives. The stimulus package is certainly a driver that may deliver meaningful sales for Hubbell. But we do not see the impact in a quantifiable way in the short-term. We are excited by the trends that will drive growth at our company, transmission spending, upgrading and expanding the grid, the need for energy infrastructure, energy efficient lighting technologies. But, in the near-term picture, will be dominated by volume declines, which will put pressure on margins. Through this challenging downturn, Hubbell will continue to rely on its strengths. Serving a diverse range of essential end markets, with a suite of branded products used every day, that stand for quality and reliability. Our focus on lean methodology that is continuously improving our cost competitiveness. Our conservative balance sheet and liquidity position, and our core competency in finding and integrating acquisitions with a compelling strategic fit at attractive valuations. Our strengths will carry us through these times, and allow Hubbell to emerge more capable than ever before. Thank you for your attention. Now, we will be happy to take some of your questions.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions). Our first question today comes from Jeff Sprague, Citi Investment Research.
Jeffrey Sprague - Citigroup: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. First, just on kind of what's going on with price and costs? You kind of blended some of those comments, and with discussions about productivity and other thing. Could you just give us a little crisper view of where price stood in the quarter in the two segments, and how it relates to underlying costs?
David Nord: Yeah, Jeff. I think as we've disclosed price in the quarter, overall was about two points, a little less in Electrical, a little more in Power. As you know Power has much higher commodity material component. And so, that's just the rollover from last year's. So, I put it at two points in Electrical, and four points in Power.
Jeffrey Sprague - Citigroup: Okay. And Tim, just on the non-res outlook, there has been this little bounce in the AB, actually more than a little bounce. But, a notable bounce in the ABI here just recently. Do you actually see any signs of tangible firming in some of the, kind of the early indicators that you look at in terms of just kind of bid and proposal activity?
Timothy Powers: Let's say our clarity is only a still a few months ahead this second quarter. And I would say that while there is optimism around the tangible part of that is hard to find. I think people are feeling like there is some solid ground developing. But, when you look at the hard facts of it, it's just not clear in the very short term.
Jeffrey Sprague - Citigroup: And as we look at the progression of your year here, particularly as it relates to Electrical margins. And I know you want to probably avoid specific margin guidance, but as you think about the restructuring benefits and other actions that you have coming through, would you expect to be able to sequentially build off, of what we saw here in the quarter, even if volumes stay kind of at these relatively depressed levels?
Timothy Powers: I would say in the second quarter, we have more actions planned to continue to drive our inventories down. We will have the same kind of absorption challenges as that continues. So, that's like our near-term picture on it. Beyond that, I am very reluctant to make any comments just because I am not convinced by -- I have a clear view of the second half of the year yet.
Jeffrey Sprague - Citigroup: And when you look at what's going on with price is there any kind of forward indication of how you think price will progress over the course of the year? Is it more push back on price? We are hearing a lot about project cancellations and delays resulting and re-bidding of projects. Can you kind of discuss maybe, how price was feeling at the beginning at the year, versus where you're at now in this March and April timeframe?
Timothy Powers: I would say certainly, the price pressure is intensifying. All of our customers can see the declining commodity costs. And they want prices to reflect that. We -- when you look year-over-year, first quarter, last year to first quarter this year, the fact is commodity costs were higher in 2009 and 2008, although in sequence from the fourth quarter to the first quarter, they were down a lot. So, there is price pressure. There is considerable re-bidding. Part of that is that builders and developers have more time, because projects were on hold or being slowed down. So, while they have this additional time, they are taking the opportunity to continue to put pressure on all suppliers to get the lowest price. So, there is price pressure, yes.
Jeffrey Sprague - Citigroup: Thanks. I will pass it on.
Operator: And the next question will come from Bob Cornell, Barclays Capital.
Robert Cornell - Barclays Capital: Yeah, thanks. Could you just sort of take us through how your view of the non-res market has changed? I mean, in your guidance you took the expectation down. But, I think if we go back to the fall, I mean, you guys were still saying the pipeline looked okay type of thing, and orders and increase okay. I mean, how has that view evolved? Tim, can you just take us back a quarter or two, and then roll forward into what you see today?
Timothy Powers: I would say its -- it's the roll forward of the financial crisis. And also, the crisis as it affects retail sales. And so I think what's happening is the view to increase empty commercial space caused by the decline in some retail chains, the lack of available money is just kind of an expanding story, which is dampening demand.
Robert Cornell - Barclays Capital: Oh, and I am wondering is, when did you see the orders go negative, and when did your view go negative? Was it in last October or November, I mean...
Timothy Powers: No. October was just an excellent month for us.
Robert Cornell - Barclays Capital: Right.
Timothy Powers: It was one in which our orders and sales were extremely strong. And November was a month in which orders turned down significantly.
Robert Cornell - Barclays Capital: So, I mean, could you give us sort of an evolution in December, January, February, March? I mean, just sort of a way we can understand how the non-res has evolved for Hubbell. And then couch that at the context of the view forward?
Timothy Powers: I would say that each succeeding month on a day basis was more negative to the prior year comparison, and just reflecting what you've seen in the general economy. We can see that trend continuing in the short run. But, I don't know exactly what the second half looks like at this point. We are giving you our best estimates of market conditions. But certainly, the visibility beyond the short time is still not particularly clear.
Robert Cornell - Barclays Capital: Well, in some case you guys have indications and increase before you actually get orders. I mean, people call it various things, the funnel of the pipeline, or various stuffs like that. I mean, on non-res projects. What's the view there in terms of second half of '08?
Timothy Powers: I can tell you the enquiries are still at a decent rate. But, amount of efforts to get one for close to an order is greater. So, there is longer time, more effort, more quotes, value engineering, to reduce the -- make to get to the budgets on these jobs. So, it's just, as you would expect with more difficult economic conditions, there is more grinding and time on the front-end of every job, than there was a year ago at this time or even a couple of quarters ago.
Robert Cornell - Barclays Capital: So, you go back to Jeff's question on price. The -- you mean, some of the pricing you have is in steel type products, you've got sort of automatic price pass through. And so, how much of the price increase you have in first quarter was of the contractual pass through of variety? And then I mean, based on what you are saying, it sounds to me like we should be expecting a negative price, and maybe negative price cost at some point during the year?
Timothy Powers: Well, I think certainly on metal-related products, if the raw material prices for costs stay where they are, the commodities that get sold on a basis of the price of steel or copper or aluminum, will have lower prices in the second half of the year than they had this year than last year. So, prices will go down. I don't think you can conclude that margins necessarily will go down. So, we haven't come to see that particular story yet. But certainly, if you are talking about switch and outlet boxes, or things that are dominated by what the material that they are made from. If we are looking at steel at today's price, it would be substantially lower than steel in the second half of last year. So, the price would be low.
Robert Cornell - Barclays Capital: Final thoughts from me, if you go back a year or so, and you guys were talking headwinds from a variety of things, the SAP, product launches, plant closings, probably forgot a few things. But, where are you on some of all of the initiative drag versus headwind, and throw in the pension right at it?
Timothy Powers: Well, I think that certainly, there we've accomplished what we intended to do with our business system. And we're pleased with the progress we are making on that. And that we've closed the major facilities that we wanted to based in previous years. And we continue to work on that I think we have closed two or three smaller faculties in the first quarter, and continue to work to reduce our cost base. So, there is no particular restructuring elements in the way. Certainly, it's the cost of trying to scale our resources down in the face of volume changes. So, I would expect that we would have costs equal to or slightly greater in the second quarter as a result of us trying to get our cost structure down that we had in our first quarter. But there is nothing in our way that's a big hindrance. Pension headwinds Dave, are what?
David Nord: Pension headwind is about 12 million.
Timothy Powers: For the year?
David Nord: Year-over-year.
Timothy Powers: So, I think we're actually, operationally, we're in pretty good shape. But, reducing your employment levels to the amount you need to first compensate for volume and then decline reduce your inventories. These are big steps. And they -- and for us at least, they don't happen all in one move. So, we've been steadily working on that. And we have more work to do to keep that decline and inventory moving ahead of volume.
Robert Cornell - Barclays Capital: Okay. Thanks guys.
Timothy Powers: Sure.
Operator: Next is Christopher Glynn, Oppenheimer.
Christopher Glynn - Oppenheimer & Co.: Thanks. So, just looking at the Electrical segment, excluding Power, the core volumes really kind of outperforming every peer looked at so far in earnings, including the distributors, which given inventory de-stocking strikes me as a little anonym (ph). How you're doing that do your figure?
Timothy Powers: Chris, are you talking about Electrical or... ?
Christopher Glynn - Oppenheimer & Co.: Yeah. Your Electrical segment is really outperformed the comps from a core decline level. Just wondering if you had any thoughts on that?
Timothy Powers: Well, certainly I think we have a couple of very strong businesses that we pointed out. And perhaps, the proportion of those businesses like test equipment and lighting automation and things like that, would be a little bit higher portion of our total business than perhaps, they would be with others. But anyway, I don't really have too much to say about others. But for us, that's a bright spot in our Electrical segment. And the volumes were not down in test equipment year-over-year.
Christopher Glynn - Oppenheimer & Co.: Okay. Can you just update the size of the test equipment business, and what your outlook is for that specifically?
Timothy Powers: It's a...
David Nord: Probably a 100 million.
Timothy Powers: It's a $100 million business that's operating at revenues equal to or slightly greater than last year. Our automation, Building Automation business is kind of a small business. But, it's in the 25 or $30 million range. And it's operating at a little bit better, significantly better than last year. So I mean, it could just be the proportion of a handful of our businesses that are doing better. I wouldn't say that our mainline businesses should be doing anything substantially different than market conditions.
Christopher Glynn - Oppenheimer & Co.: Are you seeing the high voltage test trends as sustainable?
Timothy Powers: For the next few quarters anyway, yes.
Christopher Glynn - Oppenheimer & Co.: Okay. That's good. And then just lastly, any kind of anecdotes or point of sale data you have to try to piece out what any de-stocking impact might be and how long that goes on for?
Timothy Powers: Well, I think the economic conditions have distributors, attentions in full now. And we saw in a number of our businesses, product returns that would reflect their efforts to reduce inventory. And as Dave said, not all distributors act in unison, so I don't think that this whole effort will be completed by the end of the first quarter. I think, it will continue on somewhat into the second quarter. But, I think it will be a diminishing impact. But I would say that to the extent a distributor has a 20% decline in their revenue, they're very much move to reduce their inventories by the same amount.
Christopher Glynn - Oppenheimer & Co.: Sure. Okay. Thanks for help.
Timothy Powers: Sure.
Operator: Our next question will come from Mr. Scott Davis with Morgan Stanley.
Scott Davis - Morgan Stanley: Hi guys. Good morning.
David Nord: Hi Scott.
Timothy Powers: Good morning.
Scott Davis - Morgan Stanley: One of businesses that at least, I think, and correct me if I'm wrong, has higher margins as you are harsh and as it is business that performed pretty well over the last couple of years. Has that business come off materially, or have you seen any type of mix shift or challenges there that stand out?
David Nord: We would classify that as one of our industrial business. And it's off little more than 10% as we indicated the whole industrial activity is.
Scott Davis - Morgan Stanley: It just doesn't seem like a very big number when you think about how fast that business grew in the up cycle. Is that you anticipate kind of further weakness down the road, or is that business more stable than maybe we would perceive it.
Timothy Powers: I don't have a strong or a separate forecast for that. I would say elements of it will remain strong all year. It has become a more project-related than flow goods kind of. So, it depends on what projects you win. And there still are some projects. So, it's hard to draw any separate conclusion about that business at this time.
Scott Davis - Morgan Stanley: Okay. And I know it's probably challenging trying to quantify this. But when you think about the whole opportunity in government retrofit, lighting retrofit, and maybe the part of the question is, have you tried to quantify it. And the part of the question is, is this how much of this proportionally is 2009 versus 2010, or even 2011 impact?
Timothy Powers: I'm fairly close to some of this. And I would tell you that the actions -- the preliminary steps that our government needs to take to act on any of the moneys that haven't been approved, are flat out minimum six months before the initial spending begins. And so, the majority of that even though, the President and Congress has said, you got to spend this as fast as you can. I would say, most of it will fall into next year and beyond.
Scott Davis - Morgan Stanley: And any feel to quantify it. I mean, do you guys think of it as a $50 million opportunity, or $100 million opportunity, anything even if its ballpark?
Timothy Powers: We haven't really gotten down to what we think it is for us, because we need to see the nature of some of those projects in more detail. We along with everyone is I think has looked at the list of possible projects. And we need to get a little more concrete yet about what are the specific projects going forward. And then we could have a more concrete point of view about how much it could help us and when. But, it's probably like at least another quarter before we could determine that.
Scott Davis - Morgan Stanley: Okay. It makes sense. And then lastly, your cash balance almost couple $100 million. But, you're out there actively looking at acquisitions. Are there interesting opportunities? How do you think about priorities with your cash, I guess, is the real question?
Timothy Powers: First of all, it's caution in this day and age. And with financial conditions being what they are. But second, there are opportunities and I think they are increasing right now. So, we find it an attractive climate at this moment. So, we'll just have to see how it develops. But, I think we're going to see an increasing amount of properties become available as this recession deepens and lengthens.
Scott Davis - Morgan Stanley: Okay, good. Thank you.
Timothy Powers: Sure.
Operator: Our next question will come from Steven Gambuzza with Longbow Capital.
Steven Gambuzza - Longbow Capital: Hi, good morning.
Timothy Powers: Good morning.
David Nord: Good morning.
Steven Gambuzza - Longbow Capital: The margin -- you mentioned the strengthen in the tests, high voltage test area, within the Electrical segment?
Timothy Powers: Yeah.
Steven Gambuzza - Longbow Capital: I was just wondering if you could comment on kind of what type of volume trends you experienced in that business year-over-year and then first quarter?
David Nord: Those were up low single-digits.
Steven Gambuzza - Longbow Capital: Low single-digits. And this used to be a separate segment that you used to report in prior 2008. Correct?
Timothy Powers: It was part of the Industrial segment. There were other properties in that.
Steven Gambuzza - Longbow Capital: Okay. So, it's not -- it doesn't refer to kind of all of that business. It's just a component of that.
Timothy Powers: Yeah. Part of what was in the industrial segment is now in our harsh and hazardous group and in our industrial group. And so, it represented a portion of our industrial segment.
Steven Gambuzza - Longbow Capital: Okay. And that's I guess, the margins that Industrial Technology segment used to report were fairly high in the kind of 20% operating margin range in 2007. Have you managed to maintain those favorable margins?
Timothy Powers: Well, it's a tale of two cities on that where the business has remained strong, our margins have remained high. But, a few of the industrial businesses service some of the basic materials industries in the United States, such as steel. And so, those businesses would be off by a significant amount and their margins would be down.
Steven Gambuzza - Longbow Capital: Okay.
Timothy Powers: So, a few of them are core suppliers to the steel industry, for instance. And so, you can imagine that they were off by a fairly large amount.
Steven Gambuzza - Longbow Capital: Okay. And then, on you mentioned in your outlook that you expect transmission products to be up mid single-digits this year in volume terms. Is that -- was that consistent with your January, or with your prior outlook? Or have things trended one way or the other on that front?
Timothy Powers: I think it's consistent. We expected our transmission business to grow. And there are some projects that will come to us, some substantial projects. The timing of those projects is the critical element here. And when those utilities will really start to work and order the parts and so on. So, we are extremely optimistic about that and our participation in it. And even though you may have heard some utilities are reducing their capital spending, they are going ahead with a number of key projects, and Hubbell expects to do pretty well among those.
Steven Gambuzza - Longbow Capital: Okay. And do you sell those transmission-related products through distribution, or do you sell them direct to the utilities?
Timothy Powers: Primarily, they are sold through distribution. But, it's always the utility's choice. So, about two-thirds of utilities choose to use a distributor for this class of product, and one-third choose to buy direct.
Steven Gambuzza - Longbow Capital: Okay. And within I am guessing, these transmission products are housed within the Power segment and utility end market is general. I think, it's in your at least in your '07 10-K, it was about 78% of the Power segment sales?
Timothy Powers: Yes.
Steven Gambuzza - Longbow Capital: What would you say the mix within that of transmission versus distribution is roughly?
Timothy Powers: Okay. Well the markets per say are 20% transmission and 80% distribution. But, now you'll have to take the 20% up by mid-single digits or something like that. But, the distribution one down about 10%, and then you'll get kind of the mix.
Steven Gambuzza - Longbow Capital: Okay. So your mix in '08 reflected the market, which is kind of 80, 20?
Timothy Powers: Yes, it did.
Steven Gambuzza - Longbow Capital: And then it will -- transmission will grow and distribution will shrink as you trail (ph) at the markets.
Timothy Powers: Yes.
Steven Gambuzza - Longbow Capital: So basically, your product mix is no different than that of the end markets actually?
Timothy Powers: Not much, because we have a fairly substantial shares on each.
Steven Gambuzza - Longbow Capital: Okay. Thank you for your time.
Timothy Powers: You're welcome.
Operator: Jeff Beach with Stifel Nicolaus has a question.
Jeffrey Beach - Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.: Yes, good morning. Congratulations on a good quarter.
Timothy Powers: Thank you.
David Nord: Thank you.
Jeffrey Beach - Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.: A couple of questions. In looking at the trends that you said were kind of deteriorating from November through maybe the current level. Can you make a comment about whether across your businesses a seasonable rebound occurring in the April, May, June period, versus what you've seen over the last couple of months?
Timothy Powers: There was always some seasonal rebound. Whether that's very muted, or whether it's plus 1, 2, 3%, or plus 10%, is really dependent on economic conditions. So, we are in our guidance predicting the former rather than the latter. Obviously, just with the number, the weather and the number of work days outside, there is some little rebound. But, the negative to that is if there are fewer projects, over time it mutes this. And so, we're on the cautious in the bottom-end of our view of this right now.
Jeffrey Beach - Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.: Okay. And you said earlier that it is extremely difficult to quantify the impact of the inventory reductions that are occurring throughout the channel. But, can you, if you can't quantify, at least describe it? Is it the inventory reductions having a very significant impact on your sales in the quarter, and probably ahead here into the second quarter?
Timothy Powers: I would say, you have to kind of divide sales into this. The products that flow through shelf goods, and then products that ship directly to projects. But, the shelf good parts I would say, has been hampered 4, 5% maybe. This is my own personal view of it, rather than a highly quantitative assist more summary of antidotal information as we went through the quarter. Some of our distributors give us point of sale. So that -- but that's not the whole market, that's one customer. So, they've been really seriously trying to ramp down their inventories since the middle of the fourth quarter. And now the ones that are really on ball have been working at it for four months. And it should, as you know, happen within that timeframe, because the distributor inventories are only about a month and a half. But, it doesn't come out evenly, and not everyone starts with the same time. So, that's why we think that whatever the impact is for the first quarter, it will lessen in the second quarter. And everybody by then should be where they need to go providing there isn't another downward lag in industry -- in the markets out there.
Jeffrey Beach - Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.: All right. And two more I think quick questions. One is, I think you have commented on acquisition in the Power segment. But, the acquisitions that you've made in the Electrical segment, they were generating very high margins. And I wondered if they were actually additive to your margins in the first quarter. Kurt Versen lighting opportunity...
Timothy Powers: Yeah, Kurt Versen is doing extremely well. And would have added to margin. And our newest acquisition Varon is still going through purchase accounting, and would be dilutive to the margins in the Electrical segment. So, we're ...
Jeffrey Beach - Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.: And that will continue?
Timothy Powers: For...
David Nord: That will continue for a couple of quarters.
Jeffrey Beach - Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.: Okay. And then last just, have you finally completed the closing of your lighting plan I think up in...
Timothy Powers: Yes. As a matter of fact that's true. Yes.
Jeffrey Beach - Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.: Okay. Thanks.
Timothy Powers: You're welcome.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). The next question comes from Min Chow (ph) with FBR Capital Markets.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my question.
Timothy Powers: Okay.
Unidentified Analyst: This is a question about your Power business and clarification on couple of questions ago. But, you mentioned that your revenue outlook for 2009 was flat to up lower single-digit percentage. And taking into consideration your commentary about commodity prices and understanding the timing uncertainty. But, what is your expectation for volume growth in the transmission business? Are we talking 10 to 15%?
Timothy Powers: We think it's going to be a mid single-digit growth. We could make it better. It's the timing of projects. But, we can't be certain about what our utility partners' patterns will do on this. But, there are a number of opportunities. We think we will do well in those. But, whether we can have the shipments that are effective in 2009 and they will go on into 2010, is more dependent on how fast they can get into production in the field, construction in the filed. So, did I answer that for you or not?
Unidentified Analyst: Yes, you did. Thank you.
Timothy Powers: Sure.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). And next we hear from Rand Gessing with Neuberger Berman.
Rand Gessing - Neuberger Berman, LLC: Good morning.
Timothy Powers: Good morning.
David Nord: Good morning, Rand.
Rand Gessing - Neuberger Berman, LLC: You guys have been, had a long held interest in doing transactions. And they've been pretty patient I think in terms of doing a bigger one, since nice sized small deals. I just wanted to get your thought as given the given what you see out there, is there a pretty good likelihood that you're going do a bigger transaction here in the next couple of, next 18 months?
Timothy Powers: Well, Rand we wouldn't comment on the size of the opportunities we see. But, there's a variety of opportunities out there. And as you can imagine, they vary in size. And some of them are -- I think that's enough to say. I just think, there is a good opportunity. There is a variety of sizes. And it's always whether you can ever close them and find the seller that once who'll sell to you at the price you're willing to pay. But, right now that looks like a good opportunity for us.
Rand Gessing - Neuberger Berman, LLC: I just wanted to focus a little bit on the price you're willing to pay. Some companies are talking about difficulty, in terms of thinking about valuation. But, what's going on. What -- how are you guys sort of approaching that sort of sticky issue?
Timothy Powers: Well, I think the most challenging aspect of the discussions where the potential seller is, what earnings in 2009 are going to be from a factual point of view. And then you can really talk about, okay, how many multiples of that number are you willing to pay. And so, it's the stock reality of seeing that your business that you have for sale is declining. And then, we will talk about what those price levels are. But, if sellers are wanting to look backward in time to 2008, it's unlikely that multiples can be paid at anything that resembles '08. So really, that's the crunch, what's the denominator of earnings.
Rand Gessing - Neuberger Berman, LLC: And I guess, my expectations would be that you are using the current environment to leverage your bargaining power to try to force concessions?
Timothy Powers: Well, I mean you're always trying to pay the fair price given market conditions. And that holds true. I mean, I don't think our view of value has changed one bit. Although, I think there was a period for a couple of quarters up to now when sellers went through this period of expecting that they can continue to sell their businesses looking backward on earnings. I think, we're coming through to the new period where they've had couple or three bad quarters, and now the reality of where we are is hopefully, showing up more in their price discussions. But, that remains to be seen.
Rand Gessing - Neuberger Berman, LLC: Okay. Thanks.
Timothy Powers: Sure.
Operator: At this time, there are no further questions in queue. I will turn the conference over to our hosts for any closing or additional remarks.
William Sperry: Thanks Mark. And thanks everyone for joining us. To the extent there are more questions we didn't have time for, please feel free to call me or Jim, and we'll follow-up. But, thanks very much for joining us.
Operator: And that does conclude our conference call. Thank you for joining us today.

===== 2008 Q4  (2009-01-28 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Bill Sperry - VP, Corporate Strategy and Development Tim Powers - Chairman, President and CEO Dave Nord  SVP and CFO
Analysts: Bob Cornell - Barclays Capital Jeff Sprague - Citigroup Christopher Glynn - Oppenheimer Jeff Beach - Stifel Nicolaus Steve Gambuzza - Longbow Capital 
Operator: Good day everyone. Welcome to the Hubbell Incorporated 2008 Fourth Quarter Earnings Release Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. Now for opening remarks and introductions I would like to turn the conference over to your host Mr. Bill Sperry. Please go ahead, sir.
Bill Sperry:  Thank you and good morning everyone. We released our fourth quarter earnings this morning, and that release is available to you from a number of sources. One option is to go directly to the Hubbell website at hubbell.com. The complete release can be viewed by selecting the investor info tab clicking on the financial link and then press releases from the drop-down menu. It is also available from the usual wire services. The company presentation is also available by going to the Hubbell website and clicking on the investor information tab and the live webcast link. Then click on the link supporting materials. This conference call is simultaneously being webcast on the Hubbell website. Audio replays of the call are available in three ways. First you can have a telephone replay of the call starting two hours after its conclusion, and that replay will be available for the next week. To access that replay, dial 719-457-0820 and enter the pass code 4876114. You may also hear the replay on the Hubbell website again from the investor relations tab, select the audio archives link in the drop-down menu, or you can have this audio as a podcast by downloading it from the Hubbell website. Let me refer everyone listening to the call today and those who hear a replay to the paragraph in our press release regarding forward-looking statements. That release in this call may contain some expectations based on assumptions in the future and Hubbell's performance in the future, particularly regarding our earnings. Clearly, these comments are forward-looking. We also may make some comments here today during the call or answer questions, which may include forward-looking statements. All of these involve inherent assumptions with known or unknown risks and other factors that can cause our actual or future results to differ from what we may discuss or project here today. So please note that paragraph in the press release, and I would like to consider it incorporated into this call by reference. With that I will turn it over to Hubbell's Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer, Tim Powers.
Tim Powers:
 : As is our usual practice with these calls, I am going to provide you with a summary of the results we announced this morning. Then Dave will walk you through a more detailed discussion of our financial performance. I will then conclude with my perspective on the outlook for 2009 and some closing remarks. Then we will open it up and take some questions from you. Before we get into the numbers, I want to describe the organizational changes we made at the end of the year. We unified wiring device and electrical product organizations under the leadership of Gary Amato. Gary has been with Hubbell for 21 years and has been doing an outstanding job running businesses for us. His role has expanded from running the industrial area to all of electrical products and he is now added wiring. We are calling Gary's business electrical systems which together with lighting comprise our electrical segment. The second change we made was moving Bill Tolley over to wiring to run Power Systems. Bill has had a distinguished career with us, spanning roles in operations as Chief Financial Officer and most recently as a head of wiring devices. I am excited about the impact these leaders are expected to have at our company. Turning to the results, I am very pleased to report that despite challenging market conditions we faced, our performance was even better than we guided at the end of the third quarter. We generated sales of $650 million, a growth rate of 6% over last year's quarter and an operating margin of 11.1% comparable with last year. We earned $0.82 per fully diluted share also equal to last year. This EPS level includes a $0.05 charge from claim and actions we took in the fourth quarter. Now, let's turn to the full year 2008. For those following our on presentation, I am on page 3. We had highlighted last January that our goal for the year, which is to grow sales by mid single digits, add 100 basis points for operating margin and generate free cash flow in excess of net income. I am very proud to say that our team delivered on these targets. Our brands generated $2.7 billion in sales a 7% increase over 2007 and at the operating profit level we earned 12.8% versus 11.8%last year. Our EPS was $3.94 per diluted share an increase of approximately 13% and above the high end of our guidance. We generated nearly $270 million of free cash flow better than 1.2 times our net income. These numbers do not tell the full story of Hubbell's management accomplishments. The unprecedented spike in commodity costs during the second half of the year presented a severe test that we weathered well. We continued our relentless pursuit of pricing, productivity, and cost containment. Our acquisition programs have a very active and successful year. We invested $265 million in seven transactions that added strategically to our suite of brands and contributed financially to our results and we made great strides on our people initiatives in developing talent. We also returned cash to our shareholders while maintaining our conservative balance sheet. We raised our dividend by 6% and repurchased approximately $100 million of Hubbell's common stock. We termed out our maturities and exited the commercial paper market by issuing $300 million of bonds in May. Obviously we are facing a very challenging economic environment as we enter into 2009 and I will offer my outlook on that later in the call. For that does not diminish the pride that I have in the Hubbell team accomplishments in 2009 and I want to pause here and thank all Hubbell employees through out the organization and applaud a job very well done. Now let me turn it over to Dave to have him discuss the financials in more detail.
Dave Nord: Thanks Tim. Before I get started let me just reiterate, we are referring to a supplemental information document that has been posted on our website. If you have downloaded it, that is what we will be referring. Turning to page 4, Tim talked about most of the highlights but there are two additional items to mention. One, our fourth quarter also includes the costs associated with actions taken to begin to reduce our infrastructure focused mainly on the salary side for incremental costs but as we will talk later, more cost reduction focus. As we announced in December we acquired Varon Lighting Group and we added a good business and a leader in providing energy efficient lighting fixtures, with a good growth market for our lighting platform going forward. Let me get into the details on page 5 for the fourth quarter sales and operating profit. On the sales side, $652.1 million an increase of 6%. That increase is attributable to acquisitions of 6% and price of 4%. Offsetting that combined 10% increase is some currency headwind. While we do not have significant currency exposure relative to others in the industry, the magnitude of the change actually hurt us in the fourth quarter for 3%. So, that left us with a core volume decline of 1 point negative. Within there is the continuation of the drag from residential market being down more significantly absent that the core volume was actually up a point. On the operating profit side $72.4 million in the quarter also up 6% consistent with our topline growth, but a lot of moving parts in there with some challenges on the gross margin side being offset by the cost containment. So turning to page 6, you see that the gross margin and a decline of 90 basis points, a number of things contributing to that. One is the impact on absorption as we have started to ramp down our production facilities in the fourth quarter, a little bit of negative implication in the mix of products sold in the fourth quarter and then some of the currency headwind that flows through on the cost side. Offsetting that is was an equal amount 90 basis point improvement in our SG&A expenses down to 17.4% coming from both the leverage  leveraging or existing base across higher volume and more importantly our focus on cost containment and that is an area that we will continue to focus on going forward. Turning to page 7, a number of items below the line, net interest expense up $4 million from the fourth quarter of last year, all attributable to the higher borrowing levels. You recall we issued $300 million of long-term debt in May and we have been pretty active in the acquisition front. So that is all attributable to the higher borrowings. At the tax rate higher than last years rate, you recall last year's rate had the benefit of some audit settlements. This years fourth quarter also has the benefit lower than our run rate through the third quarter as we have the impact of the R&D legislation that was reenacted at the beginning of October, which we commented on in our third quarter release and contemplated in our guidance for the fourth quarter. So all that leads to net income of $46.4 million, 4% lower than last year in the quarter because of the higher interest and higher tax rate, but on a earnings per share basis we are able to maintain our earnings per share at 82% as a result of lower average shares outstanding from our share buyback program earlier this year. Let me turn now to the segments. First on the electrical segment, where we had sales of $458.2 million up 1%, a number of things in there favorable price and acquisitions price contributing about 4 points and acquisitions about 3. Foreign currency headwinds about a 3 point drag, so you are left with about 4 points of growth, core volume against the 1% that shows core volume being down 3 points. A big part of that is attributable to the residential business down in the neighborhood of 20%, what was continuing good contribution, on the electrical product side both on the high voltage and the harsh and hazardous business. On the operating profit, slight decline to $44.7 million for the quarter. A number of things are contributing to that. Slightly favorable price costs finally in the year, our focus on productivity improvements and then the incremental benefit of our acquisition in the year particularly the Kurt Versen acquisition earlier in the year. Of course we continue to deal with the headwind from residential and the margin drag that is contributing. Turning now to page 9, the power segment continued good performance as we have seen all year with sales of $193.9 million up 21%, acquisitions and price contributing 14%  14 and 6 points of the back, 21%. The remaining one has some currency headwind of about two, so you are left with some underlying core growth still in the 3% to 4% range although with flattening demand. The operating profit of $27.7 million in the quarter was up $4.5 million, again finally seeing some positive benefit on the price cost equation. We have got the benefit of acquisitions contributing as well as continued benefit coming from productivity in particular, continuing to advance on low cost country sourcing. We turn now to page 10, summary of the full year results. As Tim mentioned, with sales up 7% and operating profit up 16%, margins up a full 100 basis points and with the tax rate headwind still resulting in earnings per share up 13% at $3.94. So a strong performance, a lot attributable to our continued focus on price, cost and productivity. Just summarizing the segments for the full year. First on the electrical segment, 3% sales growth to $1.958 billion, acquisitions and price being big contributors as well as strong demand throughout the year on the harsh and hazardous and high voltage products being offset by residential weakness. More importantly on the profitability side despite that margin drag from the residential business, we are able to increase operating profit to $227.3 million for the year and operating margins up nearly a full point to 11.6% in the electrical segment. On the power segment side page 12, topline growth of 17% bringing us to $746.2 million, for all the same reasons that we saw continuing in the fourth quarter. Acquisitions and price giving us 8 and 4 points of that growth respectively, but also some very good unit volume growth and some incremental storm business, although not significant less than a point of the year-over-year contribution. Then on the profitability side, continued good performance on the volume increase getting our prices to meet and exceed our cost by the time we finish the year, the acquisition improvements, as well as our productivity benefits. So, we had good, absolute profitability growth, as well as margin growth from 15.3% to 15.9%. Lets turn now to cash flow, cash flow for the year finished very strong. Operating cash flow $319 million free cash flow that is operating cash flow after CapEx $269.8 million, 121% of net income, well north of our plans going into the year of equaling net income. A lot of things contributing to that, not the least of which is a good focus on our working capital as well as good scrutiny around our capital investments. You see the working capital turning to page 14 and our improvements there. Receivables are up for the year, 7% pretty much consistent with our volume uptick but as we typically see very good performance in the receivable collections in the fourth quarter as we are collecting those sales from the period of the third quarter. We are tracking credit quality very closely here. As we go forward and trying to make sure that we are doing all we can to manage any risks that might come up. On the inventory side, increase in inventory yield over there  year-over-year but a lot of that is due to the acquisitions that we have added. In fact in the month of December we actually had a reduction in inventory of $9 million and we expect that to continue well into 2009. You see that from days outstanding. We have actually improved our days in inventory by two days. On the payable side we have increased our days on the payable side by a day. So our trade working capital, well it's up $22 million from the end of last year. Trade working capital as a percent of sales is actually down to 19.4% from 19.8% in 2007. So what are we doing with all that cash that we have generated? You turn to page 15 and you will see the profile of the uses of cash. First and foremost is our dividends, you will recall that we increased our quarterly dividend by $0.02 a quarter or 6% in the July period, so that we are investing $19.6 million in the fourth quarter, $76.9 million for the year. Second is on our capital expenditures investing for the future in the business. Fourth quarter capital expenditures were $15.4 million bringing the full year total to $49.4 million. The third piece in the fourth quarter was in the acquisitions totaling $61.5 million for the acquisitions principally for the Varon deal in December. For the full year, we also have the investment for share repurchase of $96.6 million. Recall that was all focused in the beginning of the year as we continue to review our usage of cash, we look at both share repurchase and acquisitions in the early part of the year. The acquisitions pipeline was not as active, there was not as much of activity that we saw to invest in, so we looked at our own shares as a good investment opportunity. As the year progressed, more activity around acquisitions and so we invested significantly on the acquisition front and as a result had no share repurchase in the fourth quarter. So, we are broadly distributing our strong cash flow. At the same time we are managing our capital structure as we always have with conservatism and discipline. We have at the end of the year  we finished the year with $178 million of cash on the balance sheet. We have no commercial paper borrowings outstanding. We have $500 million of long-term debt, $300 million of which was issued in May, none of that debt due before 2012. So our total debt being just under $500 million brings our debt to capital at 33% and our net debt because of our cash position at 19%. We also have our revolving credit agreement which we renewed in the fall of '07 at $250 million with expansion capability to $350 million which we took advantage of earlier this year. So we have that readily available through 2012 with no borrowings outstanding. So we are maintaining our flexible capital structure as well as maintaining our conservative balance sheet. So with that I will turn it back to Tim.
Tim Powers:  Thanks Dave. Now lets turn to our outlook for 2009, on page 17 of the materials. Our largest market is non-residential construction and the outlook there is challenging. While put in place spending continued through the fourth quarter, there has been a significant decline in new project starts which will hurt our volumes next year. Lack of available credit will likely continue to hamper projects starts. Residential construction will continue its slide through 2009, and while some forecasters see a rebound late in the year, our orders lag starts and so we will not see any benefit from that activity this year. Our industrial markets were in better shape but still we expect a decline in volumes in those businesses. While we see the need for more power and the grid to be enhanced, our expectation is that the utilities will spend less during the year on transmission and the housing slump will drag down distribution spending. On the positive trend, there is a stimulus package expected from the new administration. The indicated focus on infrastructure and energy efficiency should generate sales across both of Hubbell's electrical and power segment. Estimated the sizing or timing of any of these potential benefits is premature at this stage. Distilling and symphazing all of these factors into a precise view of the future is difficult in the best of times. Given the uncertainties we see today providing a reliable forecast is even harder. The bottom-line to Hubbell is an expectation of market volumes being off mid-to-high teens. We continue to work diligently in analyzing our end markets and creating plans and contingency plans to manage through the uncertainty. We began to work in the fourth quarter to reduce our staffing levels in anticipation of the challenging markets ahead. Further resource reduction efforts will be ongoing in the first quarter. To conclude we are very pleased with the performance in the quarter and extremely proud of producing record results in 2008. The markets ahead will be difficult for us but we believe the strength of our brands and the focus on pricing productivity and costs will allow Hubbell to navigate through the challenges and emerge as a more potent competitor. Thank you for your attention. Now let's turn it over to your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). We will take our first question from Bob Cornell with Barclays Capital.
Bob Cornell - Barclays Capital:  Hi. Good morning, everybody.
Tim Powers:  Good morning, Bob.
Bob Cornell - Barclays Capital: You know Tim you are usually pretty good at taking a crack at the guidance. I am surprised you did not, you know, take a fling out here. So, you know, I know it is in the press release you talked about free cash flow being greater than net income this year, but you must have a plan for what the net income might be. May be you could share with us, you know, how that minus 15 to 18 translates into a net income number, you know, considering you already got an idea that cash flow is going to be net?
Tim Powers:  We are not giving any specific guidance. We are certainly looking at the same market conditions as everyone in the construction industry. We certainly expect volumes to be down double digits from the rate at which our orders have declined early on. Certainly the huge movement of the credit markets and the banking crisis overwhelms where we are and adds a dimension to us doing business that makes it much more difficult to predict. While you can normally project a lot of things in the construction business, the fact that debt is very restricted and it is a moving target represents the most difficult element of that.
Bob Cornell - Barclays Capital: So, I mean, what you did you see in the fourth quarter, Tim with regard to these market dynamics and if not in the fourth quarter. How do you expect the first quarter layout, in other words when do you expect to see your topline running down this 15% to 18%?
Tim Powers:  The month of October was a very strong month both from our shipments and on orders side. The month of November like many others have reported was a steep change of declining order rates and December continued that trend. So what we are seeing now is a book to build ratios below one as we enter the 2009 year. There is no clear trend available other than to say that we are comfortable that it is not a single digit decline. Beyond that we do not really have the visibility into the future to make the projections that we normally do.
Bob Cornell - Barclays Capital: You made a comment on the first quarter. Do you expect the first quarter unit volumes to be down on this 15% to 18% cap or is that still looking at a more moderate decline?
Tim Powers: I do not really have a good feel for that at this time. The month of January is off to a slow start, and would be consistent with what we are saying. Distributors are making adjustments to their inventories full time the utility side as well as the electrical side and whether we are seeing the end volume dynamic or the rapid response that happened from the November downturn in business is something that we are not clear on.
Bob Cornell - Barclays Capital: One more question from me. So, when you have a volume decline like this you are going to be idling plants and working down the inventories. Here we have the adverse factory variances and then it is going to be very difficult to get price costs, with volumes going down that much. So many competitors have already talked about pricing issues. So, could you address, the significance that you see in terms of adverse of volume variances from under-absorbed overhead and then the issues around price costs and productivity possibly reversing here in the first quarter?
Tim Powers: Well for certain as all manufactures would do in the face of economic change of this magnitude. We have moved in a very orderly and disciplined way to reduce the output of our factories. We cannot make all of those adjustments at one time and it will take us at least till the end of the first quarter, to continue to reduce the output in an orderly way while keeping our deliveries at the high level that we usually do. So hopefully by the end of March we will be at a run rate of production that gets us to where we think the business will head and from there we just have to see where it takes us. From my point of view we were running at pretty hard rate for the month of October and really only began to make these kinds of adjustments in the month of November and December.
Bob Cornell - Barclays Capital: What about price cost?
Tim Powers: Well certainly, cost has done a 180 degree turn, although this is on the spot price of a lot of products. Although we have not seen all of that or a huge extent of that come through to us.
Bob Cornell - Barclays Capital: I mean in terms of commodity prices.
Tim Powers: From sub-metal, steel, aluminum, copper, certainly some of the products we buy are indexed. Some of those indexes are mostly lagged by a quarter so we will see some better relief in Q1 than we did as things turned down in Q4. We were still taking a lot of inflation pressure during Q4. So you know the story about managing costs and prices, is one that you know is far beyond the volatility that we would normally see in down turns in 2000 or '91 because of the magnitude of the run up that we saw coming into this. So I'm having a hard time predicting it given the set of variables. There is just not enough visibility to make great clear statements. All of us in the business as suppliers are working in our own economic best interest so we are going to be hanging on to prices much as humanely possible. To predict this with the declines in copper from like $4 to $1.50 and steel from $1,100 a ton back to $600 a ton in four or five months, are movements that we are not used to dealing with and we will certainly have some lumps in the market as the market adjusts for that.
Bob Cornell - Barclays Capital: Okay. Thanks Tim. I have taken up a lot of your time.
Tim Powers: Sure.
Operator: We will move on to our next question from Jeff Sprague with Citigroup.
Jeff Sprague - Citigroup: Thank you. Following on some of that, those were really, mostly the key points of this whole dialog. I just wonder Tim, if you could shed a little more light on what you think the state of distribution inventories are. I frame my question from the thought that your volumes really were not down that much in Q4 to your point. I wonder if you think the sell through was actually quite a bit weaker in the quarter so we will keep on striving to get inventories down may be they are actually still going up. How does that relate to your comment about Q1 in trying to throttle back the factories, do you think the distributor inventories are already headed down on a nominal basis or are they still higher than people would like them?
Tim Powers: I think our head is down. When we look at our flow goods business for wiring devices and for metal outlet boxes and fittings, certainly you can see the decline in demand and distributor response to taking it down. We did lot of shipping of projects and jobs late in the year and that really I think more than the stock and flow business aided our revenues. I do not think that distributors have fully grasped the magnitude as none of us have yet of this reduction in the size of the markets. So, while I think they are taking their inventories down I certainly believe that all during the first quarter they will be further reducing their inventories in attempt to keep up with the change in market conditions.
Jeff Sprague - Citigroup: Your comments on the complexion of power certainly very logical and we are seeing that in a lot of our own work. When you drilled down into what utilities are planning from a CapEx standpoint, really budgets are coming down but they are not being eliminated obviously. Where do you see the priorities to spend where spending is happening?
Tim Powers: I would say that there are many projects around transmission that are far enough underway that that they will continue. If you are a utility and you have the decision to make to go forward with the next one those who are going to slide to the right by a year. So there still is a work coming on transmission. I think we are going to see a gap as the year goes along for new projects to start. On the distribution side you are going to see them replace whatever obviously needs to be replaced and upgraded and storm damage and all those kinds of things that they would normally do, but they also work systematically to upgrade the system. This is where you can pinch pennies in your operating budget or in your capital budget and really we think that this number is somewhere in that 10% or so of our utility business. It will be down combined around that amount.
Jeff Sprague - Citigroup: On the M&A front, first just to totally get the base right for '08. What were the total annualized revenues of all the acquisitions that you did in '08 and then what is the carryover acquisition impact on '09 revenues given that these are sprinkled in over the course of the year?
Dave Nord: Jeff, its Dave, It is a little over $200 million on the annualized revenue and about half of that flow through this year. So, you get probably incrementally next year about $100 million.
Tim Powers: Yes. I would like to comment on the last lighting acquisition. Certainly we have talked about  many of us have talked about the energy efficiency of lighting in the application of modernizing existing buildings and the business that we have bought is exclusively in the business of re-lighting existing buildings. We considered whether it was in our best interests to start from scratch and build up a business or whether it was more, wise for us to get buy one that had an existing market position. We are very pleased with the acquisition of Varon. It gives us that big head start into what I think will be the fastest growing element of the lighting business going forward.
Jeff Sprague - Citigroup: One other on that whole topic. You did get seven deals done, I believe they were all private companies. Where is the deal flow coming from? Are they private Stanley companies? Is it stuff buried in private equity that is coming back out? Do you see any change in availability or change in people stock process in some of these smaller electrical companies? Is there actually like to be more deal activity in 09?
Bill Sperry: Yes. Jeff, this is Bill. I think, we see from all those sources you mentioned. I think where  what will be interesting to figure out is whether or not sellers expectations on valuation can mesh with buyers' analysis on the right valuation given some of the down drafts that Tim and Dave have been highlighting. So I actually expect that the dialog activity will be heavy early. That it may take a little while to get everybodys expectations synced up so that price can be agreed to.
Tim Powers: Yes. So if you are willing to buy something at eight times earnings what the heck are earnings for 2009.
Jeff Sprague - Citigroup: Great. Okay. Thanks. Good luck out there.
Tim Powers: Thanks.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). We will take our next question from Christopher Glynn with Oppenheimer.
Christopher Glynn - Oppenheimer: Thanks. Good morning.
Bill Sperry: Good morning.
Tim Powers: Hi Chris.
Christopher Glynn - Oppenheimer: On the 15% to 18%, Bob's interpretation in the mid-to-high teens it is a pretty good one. Was that for electrical or the entire enterprise?
Tim Powers: We do not think that our total business will be down 15% to 18%, but more than 10%. Let's put it that way.
Christopher Glynn - Oppenheimer: So, are you characterizing that as conservative now the mid-to-high teens?
Tim Powers: Mid-to-high teens is the market conditions will shrink by that. We think that Hubbell will do a little better than 15% to 18%.
Christopher Glynn - Oppenheimer: Okay.
Tim Powers: Do not try to pen me down for content.
Christopher Glynn - Oppenheimer: No, I will not. I am just trying to clarify what you meant. What is your guesstimate on the currency for the year?
Tim Powers: Still a little bit of headwind but again as I mentioned since we do not have significant exposure it will not be you know what others will be facing.
Christopher Glynn - Oppenheimer: Yes. I was surprised by what it was in the quarter and then in the outlook just passing some of the language in the press release. Utility expected lower, industrial markets weaker, is there any difference between lower and weaker?
Tim Powers: No.
Christopher Glynn  Oppenheimer: No difference. Okay. In particular on the lighting side of pricing are you seeing any of the majors initially start to be a little more aggressive?
Tim Powers: I think as you quote jobs out into the future for deliveries out several months, most manufacturers are using what they would expect their costs to be as the basis for their bid versus what their costs has been, if I could answer it that way.
Christopher Glynn - Oppenheimer: That is helpful, yes absolutely. Thank you very much.
Operator: We will move on to our next question from Jeff Beach with Stifel Nicolaus.
Jeff Beach - Stifel Nicolaus: Yes, good morning and congratulations on a very good quarter.
Tim Powers: Thank you.
Jeff Beach - Stifel Nicolaus: I have two questions. I want to go back to the inventory levels of the electrical products and relative more to this massive decline in raw material costs that occurred. So that if you go through the next six months the products you make you will be making at a lower price and likely selling at a lower price and then relating it back on to the distributors are better faced with high cost inventories. Are they in your opinion lowering this price umbrella inline with their costs and trying to maintain a disciplined market so that they can escape inventory losses and how much do you think this playing out the lowering costs anticipated ahead on distributor inventories versus just their perceived demand?
Tim Powers: I think that distributors follow the umbrella's pricing structure of manufactures and that the I would say the single biggest impact on distributors in the second half of 2008 has been the decline of copper as it is incorporated into the wire they sell and steel in the metal conduit and other metal products that they sell. So they have seeing a deflation on this aspect of their inventories but if that stuff moves through at a pace at which they really would not get burned too badly it would happen pretty quickly and it might have some margin compression but I would not expect them to see many losses from this. The rest of where Hubbell plays is products for which the cost decline really has not caught up yet. So right through the end of the year while we were expecting to see some of these massive declines we hadnt seen all better as I said earlier in the spot price of many of the products. So when we rolled our standards we actually have a small increase in the standard value of inventory from one year to the next. That nearly would have might have been if all the prices that we saw in September and October had held. Okay. So when you look at the current value of Hubbell's inventory at standard there is probably 2% or 3% increase in standards year-over-year.
Jeff Beach - Stifel Nicolaus: What I was really trying to get at is how do you think this is playing out with the end customer out there that buys lots of electrical products that are made out of let's say 90% steel. How much deferred orders are going on right as opposed to the recession, do you have any gauge for that at all?
Tim Powers: I think the decision has come down this way. A project underway is a project underway. When you have the opportunity as a developer to slow down right now it is in your great advantage, because what you do is continue to re-bid this until you get the prices where you need them to be. So this is a naturally delaying factor when the cost of all materials is headed down. I want to remind you that in a whole building the electrical cost is quite small and what they are more interested in is what is happening to concrete rebar and structural steel as well of glass and things like that. So the whole lighting package or whole electrical package in a building may only be 3% or 4% of the total building. So it is more that the other factors that will weigh on whether a project goes forward or not. So, even the cost of oil as it applies to asphalt on a parking lot factors in going forward or not.
Jeff Beach - Stifel Nicolaus:  All right, thanks. Just one other simple question. Back on defining your volume, are you talking about actual volume and not volume and price and is that volume organic as opposed to that you are seeing in the industry and for yourself, excluding acquisitions?
Dave Nord:  Jeff are you referring to the actual results or the forecast?
Jeff Beach - Stifel Nicolaus: 
.: 
Tim Powers:  When we are talking about volume we are anticipating some decline in price as well as physical volume. I do not really, I can not quantify that. We have our guesses on that and that we have our estimates that were seen now but events are changing at you know at which it causes us to not make annual estimates of those.
Jeff Beach - Stifel Nicolaus:  Okay. Your comment that the market might decline mid-to-high teens is that volume only or is that volume and more pricing?
Tim Powers:  More physical volume like square foot.
Jeff Beach - Stifel Nicolaus:  Okay. All right. Thank you.
Tim Powers:  Okay
Operator: (Operator Instructions). We will take our next question from Steve Gambuzza with Longbow Capital.
Steve Gambuzza - Longbow Capital: Good morning.
Tim Powers: Good morning. 
Dave Nord: Good morning.
Steve Gambuzza - Longbow Capital: On the, the comments you made about the cost basis of your inventory, would you expect that to, you mentioned it was a high, you mentioned that you are in an elevated inventory level and it was for a cost basis. Will that have negative impact on margins?
Tim Powers: No, what I was trying to make the point is that the metals prices we saw going into 2008 ramped up significantly during the 2008 which probably hit its peak around September, October and then came back down. So levels still a little bit higher than the beginning of 2008, but certainly not to the levels that you are seeing in the spot price that you can see on any of the published metrics. My point was that has it really caught up with all manufactures yet? It will continue to come down and certainly then that balance will come between the trade off of price and lower input costs.
Steve Gambuzza - Longbow Capital: Okay. On working capital, you pointed that you did have clearly improving working capital metrics deep in over the course of the year. Just given the extent of the downturn and the suddenness of it in Q4 and how the outlook has changed on the margin pretty severely. I was surprised to not see even more working capital pulled out of the business in Q4 and the balance sheet looks a little better than it did at the end of last year, but the environment is very different. I am just curious as to how working capital is trending with your expectations and what you would hope to accomplish prospectively with working capital? How much you can pull out given your views of the end markets?
Tim Powers: Well, first of all, you have to go back to October which was probably our strongest month of the year in which our factories were working as up to the maximum levels of the entire output for the year. Then really only a 60-day period to turn around and go from flat out  not flat out it is a little over statement, but fairly significant output to reduce it. So, we are somewhere along that path to get the output down to where we want to go and it will take us to the end of the first quarter to do that. So, if business is off double digits we are looking for a decrease from inventory over the course of the year.
Steve Gambuzza - Longbow Capital: So, if you are saying volumes are down, a little bit better than 15% to 18% overall and there was probably some negative price impact also, which is going to result in lower working capital. Essentially you could hopefully reduce your net investment and working capital by something similar to what sales declines. So basically working capital as a percent of sales should be the same, should stay constant?
Tim Powers: I would say that it will generally follow depending on the severity of decline. Working capital numbers will deteriorate just a little bit because of it  if volume tracks down faster than you are able to burn up inventories, sometimes you have a little deterioration, but generally what you said is true.
Steve Gambuzza - Longbow Capital: Okay, so that would imply usually a pull of a fairly substantial amount of cash out of the business this year based on your topline forecast and if this carries, would you expect to be able to buyback stock in 2009 and reduce your share count?
Tim Powers: All those opportunities were still there, but given the magnitude of what is changing in the dynamics at the market place and the severity of the financial crisis we would certainly be cautious before we proceeded with any significant buyback of shares or things like that. We find actually that in times like this if you can come to the table and find an agreement with a seller to buy bolt-on acquisitions is the best use of money at this time.
Steve Gambuzza - Longbow Capital: Okay.
Tim Powers: Certainly we keep all options available.
Steve Gambuzza - Longbow Capital: Finally can you just give us some comment on what to expect for an effective tax rate this year? As well as what the impact of pension expense from a GAAP and cash standpoint might be?
Tim Powers: Yes I think from a tax rate standpoint as we have said over the last couple of years that there is upward pressure on the tax rate as a result of continued growth or negative application of the mix of our earnings because of the domestic nature of them. The benefit from our foreign operations becomes a smaller percentage. So, you know it is going to drift up. It is generally been a point a year. We are still working through that but, certainly a little bit higher. On the pension side that clearly is a point of cost headwind that all are going to face. We are looking at something in the order of $10 million to $12 million thereabouts, again that is still being worked through. But, you know, the simple math and you can look at our pension fund performance assets, down a little bit over a $100 million with an 8% assumed return. So you get to you know at $10 million to $12 million headwind in pension expense.
Steve Gambuzza - Longbow Capital: Pretax?
Tim Powers: Pretax.
Steve Gambuzza - Longbow Capital: Okay. I am sorry. If I can discuss one final question? You made some comments earlier on the re-light opportunity and the acquisition you made. I was wondering if you might just be able to put some parameters around you know on an LTM pro forma basis what Hubbell's existing revenue base is in terms of re-lighting energy efficiency? Aany comments you might have on what you think the addressable market is with that opportunity?
Tim Powers: Well certainly, we have products that prior to our acquisition that would go into that market but not an organized business to deal with it or selling on to sell to that market. So we have added north of $50 million in sales and a growing group of sales from that business as a jump start to get further into it. So really that was the basis for us to move into the business.
Steve Gambuzza - Longbow Capital: What was the basis amount? Do you have the statistics?
Tim Powers: We really did not measure it because it was on individual jobs and the degree of difficulty of identifying if job 123 is in a re-light mode, as you know retrofit of office space is quite difficult. So, this business we have now organized and we are now going through a lot of detail to try to identity incremental additional business. So going forward I think we will have a better statement about that than up to now.
Steve Gambuzza - Longbow Capital: Good. Thank you very much for all of your time.
Tim Powers: Sure.
Operator: (Operator Instructions).
Bill Sperry: Is that it [Lian].
Operator: It looks like we are out of questions.
Bill Sperry: Okay. Thank you every body for joining us this morning. To the extent you want have some follow-up questions Jim Farrell and I are obviously available to do those. So thanks for joining this morning.
Operator: This concludes todays conference call. Thank you for joining and have a wonderful day.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-10-23 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the third quarter 2008 earnings release conference call for Hubbell, Inc. Todays call is being recorded. For opening remarks and introductions I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Bill Sperry, Vice President of Corporate Strategy and Development of Hubbell, Inc. Please go ahead, sir.
Bill Sperry: Thank you. Good morning, and thanks for joining us. This morning we released our third quarter earnings. That release is available to you from a number of sources. The easiest way is to go to the Hubbell website at Hubbell.com and access the complete release by clicking on the investor information tab and then click on financial releases from the drop-down menu. Its also available from the usual wire services. This conference call is simultaneously being webcast from the Hubbell website. Audio replays of the conference call are available in three ways. First you can have a telephone replay of the call starting two hours after its conclusion, and that replay will be available for a week. To access the telephone replay dial 719-457-0820. The pass code is 4568303. You may also hear the replay on the Hubbell website again from the investor relations tab and then click on audio archives from the drop-down menu. You can listen to the audio as a podcast by downloading it from the Hubbell website. Let me refer everyone listening to the call today and those who hear a replay to the paragraph in our press release regarding forward-looking statements. That release and this call may contain some expectations based on assumptions in the future and Hubbells performance in the future, particularly regarding our earnings. Clearly, these comments are forward looking. We also may make some comments or answer questions today during the call which may include forward-looking statements. All of these involve inherent assumptions with known and unknown risks and other factors that can cause our actual or future results to differ from what we may discuss or project here today. Please note this paragraph in the press release, and I would like to consider it incorporated into this call here this morning by reference. With that Id like to turn the call over to our Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer, Tim Powers.
Timothy Powers: Thank you, Bill. Welcome and thank you for joining us this morning. I am very pleased to have an opportunity to share with you our strong results for both the third quarter and the nine-month period for 2008. Before we get started I want to make sure I introduce two new people who will be interfacing with you in an investor relations capacity - Bill Sperry and Jim Farrell. Bill joined us in August with the responsibility for our strategy, corporate development and investor relations function. His expertise in strategy, acquisitions, and corporate finance represents a skill set that we can put to good use here. Jim has been a valuable member of our finance team for five years, including supporting Tom Conlin behind the scenes. He is very familiar with the process, and is now director of investor relations. I know that many of you have talked to Bill and Jim already, but we look forward to all of you getting to know them better in the near future. Now lets turn to the structure of the call today. Im going to provide you with a summary of results that we announced this morning, as well as an update on the markets we serve. Then Dave will walk you through a more detailed discussion of the financial performance. I will conclude with my perspective on the outlook for the rest of the year, 2009, and add some closing remarks. Then we will turn it over to all of you for Q&A. Moving to the results, I am very pleased to report that, despite the challenging conditions we face, the results are even better than what we promised you at the beginning of the year. We generated sales of $735 million, a growth rate of 13% over last years quarter. We had an operating profit margin of 14.1%, a 50 basis point increase over last year. Our fully-diluted earnings per share were $1.18, an increase of 17% over last year after adjusting for a tax benefit to make the periods comparable. We also generated $100 million of free cash flow, an increase of 42% over last year. These are the best results in our companys history, and are a testament to the talent and strength of our businesses, and the dedication and focus of the team. For the nine-month period year to date our sales grew nearly 7% to over $2 billion, while our operating profit margin increased to 13.3% or 130 basis points above a comparable period in 2007. Our earnings per share increased 16% to $3.12 per fully-diluted share. We generated over $200 million of free cash flow, an increase of 14% from the prior year. I am particularly gratified with these results because they show Hubbell to be performing well along several dimensions. The accelerating sales growth demonstrates the ability of our brands to earn price increases from customers, as well as the introduction of new products and the execution of a successful acquisition program. Our ability to expand margins in the face of a dramatic ramp-up of commodity prices is due to the relentless focus on low-cost sourcing and productivity improvements. Let me comment quickly on the acquisition front. We invested in three acquisitions in our power segment in the most recent quarter. In our lighting business we acquired a high-quality specification-driven business called Kurtversen in January. These acquisitions added four percentage points to the sales growth we experienced in the quarter and three percentage points to the 9-month period. In all, we invested about $200 million year-to-date on acquisitions and they are immediately lucrative. We have also maintained a conservative balance sheet with low leverage and sufficient liquidity. This structure is appropriate in our view given the environment. Obviously, we are seeing a remarkable level of volatility in the financial sector at a time of economic uncertainty looking forward. I will offer my outlooks later in the call, but will turn it over to Dave now to let him discuss the financials in more detail.
David Nord: Im going to speak about the financials in more detail focusing on the third quarter. Ill start with the P&L. As Tim mentioned, sales of $734.8 million is up 13% from the third quarter of last year, with acquisitions and selling price accounting for about 4% and 3% of the growth, respectively. Our gross profit margin in the quarter was 30% even, slightly better than last years 29.8%. Its important to note that it was impacted by the quarter when we expected to still be fighting significant cost price headwinds, and we ended up slightly negative in the quarter. That had a nearly 50 basis point impact on gross profit. Many have seen the impact of the significant price increases, where were just getting parity, having a negative impact on our gross profit margin too. That can be almost as much as another point, so it was a really good performance considering those two factors. Selling and administrative costs were $116.9 million in the quarter, which was up $11.2 million. Nearly all of that is due to the new business acquired. In fact, as a percent of net sales, selling and administrative costs were down 30 basis points year over year to 15.9%. All that led to a net operating profit margin of 14.1%, 50 basis points or half a point better than last years third quarter. Continuing down, the interest expense of $6.8 million, higher than last year by $3.3 million, is due mainly to higher debt balances, particularly as a result of our long-term debt from the $300 million bond offering in the second quarter of this year. Our effective tax rate was 30.5 in the quarter, consistent with our guidance to date. Keep in mind, however, that its higher than last year which had a rate of 23.8 in the third quarter, as we had favorable benefits from finalization of our Federal Tax Return. Relative to the tax rate, jumping ahead a bit, we expect to see a decrease in the full-year rate to 30% from our 30.5% guidance solely as a result of the recently enacted tax legislation that reinstates the R&D tax credit. It happened earlier this month so its a fourth-quarter item. Weve got to reflect that in the fourth quarter. That will give us a rate for the year of 30. Our rate for the fourth quarter is currently anticipated at 27.6. Net income for the third quarter is $66.5 million up $1.2 million or 2%. Our diluted shares outstanding were $56.4 million in the third quarter, compared to $59.2 million in the same period last year. So all this results in earnings per share on a diluted basis of $1.18 up 7% on a reported basis from last years $1.10. But, of course, adjusting for the tax benefits in last years third quarter, its up 17%. Let me turn to the balance sheet. We continue to maintain a very strong balance sheet as Tim mentioned with cash balance at the end of the third quarter of $194 million, more than $100 million better than we started the year. We have a net debt of $268.6 million, up only $24 million in the quarter, despite funding over $100 million in acquisitions in the quarter. Receivable quality continues to be strong with our days outstanding at 53, six days better than a year ago. Past due balances continue to be at historic lows. Our inventories continue to improve with days outstanding at 59, three days better than last year and last quarter. Theres still more work to be done there. There was good performance in balancing the trade working capital cycle with a two day improvement in our accounts payable days. So all that leads to a trade working capital as a percent of sales in the third quarter of 19.1% compared to 21% last year. Our debt to capital is just under 31%, and our net debt to capital is just under 17%. Cash flow from operations was $109.7 million in the quarter, $28 million better than last years third quarter due to improved working capital performance and also to the timing of tax payments. Our free cash flow, which we define as cash flow from operations less capital expenditures, was $99.8 million in the quarter compared to the $70.2 million in last years third quarter. This was due to higher operating cash flow, slightly lower capital expenditures of $9.9 million in the quarter versus the $11.6 million last year. Let me now turn to the segment results. First on the electrical segment we had sales of $522.9 million up $26.5 million or 5% compared to the third quarter of last year. Half of that increase was due to price and half was due to acquisitions. Excluding the residential impact on volume, the growth was equally split between price acquisitions and volume. Operating income was $68.7 million up $4.4 million or 7% from last year. Margins were up slightly at 13.1 from the 13.0 in the third quarter with the continuing drag from residential being worth about a half point on margins. Within the segment all of the businesses, excluding residential, showed improved top line growth, with the electrical products and wiring businesses up double digits. Wiring, in addition to volume growth had profit-margin improvement as a result of higher volume and productivity improvements. On the lighting side, there was growth in the C&I business while residential was down 23% in the quarter. Over-all profitability decreased as a result of a lower volume in residential and the commodity cost increases not yet recovered through pricing. The favorable impact of the Kurtversen acquisition and productivity improvements provided some offset. On the electrical products side, we showed continued strong volume growth in industrial, at Harsh and Hazardous, and even on the construction side, with continued improvement on profitability as a result of the higher volume selling price increases and productivity. On the power segment side, reported sales of $211.9 million up $55.6 million or 36% from last years third quarter were due to a combination of a lot of strength, acquisitions, and the impact of storms late in the third quarter. We attribute about half of that increase due to the above-mentioned and the other half due to organic volume and price increases. All that led to an operating profit of $34.6 million up $10 million or 41% from last year. Despite and included in this performance there is still some of the negative cost-price in the quarter was experienced in the power segment as they are the biggest consumer in the business of steel, which despite near term reductions in the cost of steel as we've talked throughout the year, we're out three and six months. So declines in prices will take time to work their way back in. They are not expected for the remainder of this year. So, all in all, a very good quarter with solid performances across all the businesses in just about every measure. With that I'll turn it back to Tim.
Timothy Powers: Thanks Dave. Now let's turn to the outlook for the balance of the year and beyond. With the dramatic upheavals in the financial industry and the seizing up of liquidity that are shaping up this financial credit crisis, these are remarkable developments. We applaud the efforts of the government and in fact the apparent cooperation internationally of governments and central banks to address the lack of trust that has emerged. While we view these efforts as helpful, it is too early for us to determine their ultimate impact, and thus our outlook in these markets will continue to have an uneven impact on Hubbell. In the near term, the residential construction market continues to be on the same weak track as even the September numbers for housing starts show continuing declines on a very low base. With secondary home prices not yet stabilized and the limited availability of financing, we expect these declines to persist into 2009. The non-residential construction is Hubble's largest end market, and the spending there continues to hold up admirably, although we are very cautious considering the tremendous upheaval in the credit markets. The industrial market is slowing as capacity utilization is declining. On the other hand, we continue to see utilities spending to be above last year even adjusted for storm impacts this year. And we see the same high levels in our harsh and hazardous segments serving the energy markets and in the building automation segment of our wiring business. And another growth opportunity exists in our lighting retrofit market of our lighting platform, where we anticipate owners of older buildings to elect to install newer, more energy efficient equipment. Given everything we see, we expect to do better than we indicated at the beginning of the year. We expect to deliver a full year 2008 sales growth in the 6% to 7% range and earnings per share of $3.80 to $3.90 per fully diluted share. Underpinning this forecast is the reasonably strong 4rth Quarter but some charges related to work force reductions that we believe are necessary to prepare for the softness in 2009. To conclude, we are very pleased with the performance in this quarter and we believe we will finish the year strong. We are confident that the discipline and the energy of the Hubble management team will continue to effectively utilize our high-quality brands, implement growth initiatives, focus relentlessly on productivity and be supported by a conservative balance sheet to manage the challenges of 2009 to deliver favorable results. Thank you for your attention. Now let's turn it over to you with some questions.
[Operator Instructions]: We'll take our first question from Bob Cornell at Barclay's Capital. Go ahead sir.
Bob Cornell: Thanks. First of all Tim and Bill Jim could you summarize could you summarize maybe what the difference is, he said that the results would beat the early year expectations. Could you summarize a couple of reasons for that beat and wheater it's revenue, cost price, and which business really throw the beat?
Timothy Powers: Are you talking about for the quarter or for the year?
Robert Cornell: The quarter and the year, really. You said you did better than expected. I'm saying what was better than expected more explicitly? Let's go back and talk about the conditions at the beginning of the year. We said that we didn't really expect much favorable contribution from unit growth looking at 2008, and we thought that most of the year's increases were going to be caused by acquisitions and price. Certainly we think that by and large that has been true; that there have been very limited amounts of real unit growth and certainly the utility business is one area and some sectors in lighting, and our industrial business of [harsh end hazzards] has contributed some. But it hasn't been a year of what I would call strong unit growth. And that has really continued through the year. Certainly there's been a spike in the third quarter caused by a storm business and a strong year right through the year in the product lines servicing the oil and gas sector. But the year is shaping up pretty much like we anticipated. But we really didn't anticipate such sharp growth in commodity costs when the year began. And as a result we've been talking all year about the battle between cost-price and productivity. And in the third quarter in particular, an unprecedented rise in steel prices and energy prices, even though those have come off just lately, but that's been our battle all year long. So I think we've done a little bit better than we anticipated in that cost-price challenge this quarter. Last quarter is not exactly that in itself. But if you look at the whole year it's pretty good. And acquisitions - We've had a few more lately than we anticipated at the beginning of the year. That summarizes it.
Robert Cornell: I guess the question that all of us would like to know is again, you point out the non-res and it's holding up a little bit better than you thought it would. But maybe just give us a little more of the visibility you might have out there. What's going on with the inquiry rates, the order rates, and how much visibility do you have out there? Are projects slipping? Just expand on that point please, Tim.
Timothy Powers: Sure. I would say that our order rates in October are reasonable and in line with our guidance. Our quotation rates are still good. We hear antidotal evidence and stories of projects being delayed because of financing. They have not yet showed in any dramatic way in our order pattern. Certainly the psychology of what's going on here in the credit markets with the stock market is having a negative effect on everyone. I would expect our distributors to finish the year with a conservative position towards their inventories. Whether they see a downturn or not, they are just going to be cautious like everyone else in the business. So we do not have good visibility very far into the future right now just because of the magnitude of what's going on in the credit crisis and how it, undetermined at this point, it's going to effect projects going forward. But just from all that we can see, as it has a negative effect on the general economy it certainly will not be helpful to the markets we serve either.
Robert Cornell: How locked in is the fourth quarter guidance you gave? How much of that is done and how much of that is undefined at this point?
Timothy Powers: We have a backlog that's a month. About a month's worth of sales and we're halfway through the first month of the quarter. So half of it is in our hands and half of it is the rest to come.
Robert Cornell: Ok. I got it. Thanks.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Jeff Sprouge at City Investment Group
Jeff Sprouge: Thank you. Good morning. First on power, Dave. You said acquisitions and the storms were about half the growth. Can you split those two apart for us so we can understand the impact of these recent deals?
Timothy Powers: Sure. Acquisitions were about 10 points of the growth. Storms was about 8.
Jeff Sprouge: And what do you think about the carry on effect of the storms? I'm sure that's part of your Q4 outlook is it a two-quarter fix. Does this spill into early 09? Do you have any thoughts there, Tim or Dave, on how long this remains?
Timothy Powers: Certainly there's a help in Q4. It would be too early to determine whether orders will remain. This is also across the transom day in day out orders to see whether rebuilding continues at a high level into the first quarter. I'm not sure of that at this point. But I would say certainly our revenues will be higher because we're still fulfilling some orders in Q4.
Jeff Sprouge: And your comments to Bob on orders elsewhere were straightforward. But I wonder on oil and gas. Now we've got a six handle on the barrel of oil. Some of those harsh and hazardous projects that you're seeing in the oil patch. There are really some signs that some of that stuff is slipping.
Timothy Powers: Yes. I would say there are a couple of things about that. One is that the business we're seeing today was decided months ago or years ago, right, unless it's the repair from the storm. So, it really has more to do with future decisions of those folks, developing oil and refining oil and what projects they go forward with from here. So I don't hear of any projects that are underway being stopped. But the rig-count and things like that have started to slow a bit. But it determines whether oil stays at $70 a barrel or what the future forecast of that is. But if it's $70 a barrel there's still profit for everyone there. Whether they continue at that rate I don't know. Yes. What is the early dynamic, if any, on price in the channel? You obviously do have the delayed impact of costs coming through. You said it would be three or six months before you start to feel the benefit of costs going the other way. Is the channel already pushing back on price watching these commodities drop? What's the tone of discussion there? How do you set prices for 09? Catalog prices- that whole dynamic. While there is certainly talk by end customers of that, and I would say it's an increasing amount of discussion and some pressure. It is because of the magnitude and the speed with witch commodities have declined. And so it would still be early for us to make any clear statements about the outcome of this. But I would say that if commodities stayed as low as they are, certainly we would have to go back to some prior level of prices, I would say.
Jeff Sprouge: Ok. Thanks a lot.
Timothy Powers: Sure.
Operator: We'll take our next question form Christopher Glynn with Oppenheimer
Christopher Glynn: Thanks. Good Morning.
Timothy Powers: Good morning Chris.
Christopher Glynn: On the price-cost, going back to some of your comments at the beginning of the call- I just wanted to clarify. It sounded like you were breaking out the drag from price-cost into two parts. Was there a total of 150 basis points headwind from price-cost in the quarter?
David G. Nord: The biggest part of that Chris is from the math of increasing the magnitude of increasing sales to cover costs, which just has a simple mathematical detriment to you margin sign. From an absolute standpoint, not breaking it out, it was a net negative on an absolute basis, on an absolute Dollar basis.
Timothy Powers: So we, to make it clear, is when we raise prices we're just trying to recover the material content of the increase and that we really rely on our own productivity to offset our internal labor costs. So mathematically if you just get back in price that material cost, then your margins does not expand. That's what I think Dave is saying.
Christopher Glynn: Right. Did you say there was 100 basis point impact from that, and then a 50 basis point in the areas where you actually had a shortfall still?
Timothy Powers: Right.
Christopher Glynn: So, 150 basis point overall drag
Timothy Powers: Right.
Christopher Glynn: Ok. How would you see it playing out if it gets some of that pressure, but your costs start to flow through a little cheaper; would that gap tend to close, in that deflationary environment?
Timothy Powers: Yeah, I mean, were still trying to get up to the break-even on what steel prices are even today, if theyre a little softer. We havent fully caught up with the magnitude of the price increases in steel. And certainly, were still paying on a delayed basis in our freight rates and things like that. Fuel charges, surcharges that are above the $70 a barrel number. So were still chasing costs up at this point and I think it will be some months before we talk about a rollover or anything like that. But I would say that I wouldnt expect a decline in margins from this particular phenomenon going the other way. If we would see a decline, I would say it would more be attributable to the change in physical volume going the other way, than it would be from this cost-price phenomenon.
David G. Nord: Or, it could be competition, you know. In a weaker market, more battle over less business, that could contribute also.
Timothy Powers: Hey Chris let me just clarify one thing to the hundred and fifty basis points that we are talking about was on the gross margin line. Now, you lose some of that obviously because of the higher sales value, youve got to give back in commissions and selling costs, so on an operating margin basis its closer to a point.
Christopher Glynn: Ok, and the acquisitions impact about half-peak or half the new ones?
Timothy Powers: Yes
Christopher Glynn: Ok, just a couple on working capital and cash flow and Im done. The fourth quarter is typically your strongest cash flow quarter. Does that stand or did you kind of get some of that a little early, it looks like, potentially. And lastly, what is the inventory opportunity for turns and inventory reduction in 09?
David G. Nord: Ill take the cash-flow first and then Tim may jump in on the inventory. But clearly on the cash-flow, youre right, fourth quarter is typically our strongest, third quarter was a nice quarter and there might be some of the fourth quarter benefit that rolled in, but nothing that were specifically aware of. So, we think that the fourth quarter should continue to be strong absent some shock in some segment of the market, some difficulty on the customer side, none of which we are currently anticipating or we see. Weve gone beyond, as Ive mentioned, weve got a very good history on our days and our overdues, but were even going beyond that to try to risk assess some of our customer base to make sure, because some of these things happen without warning. So, were pretty much on top of that.
Timothy Powers: I would say on the inventory side, really its trying to be prepared, but keep generally slowly reducing your inventory at a gradual pace. Its hard to judge right now what 2009 may look like, but just generally, we are trying to take inventories down in the $10-20 million range. That would be our short term objective.
Christopher Glynn: Ok, thank you, appreciate it.
Operator: [operator instructions]: Well take our next question from Steven Gambuzza, with Longbow Capital. Go ahead, sir. Steven Gambuzza - Longbow Capital Good morning, I was wondering about the acquisitions that you announced this quarter; would you expect them to be operating close to segment margins in 2009?
Christopher Glynn: Yes. Steven Gambuzza - Longbow Capital Great, thanks very much.
[Operator Instructions]: All right, it appears that we have no further questions at this time. We will now turn the program back over to Mr. Sperry.
Bill Sperry: Thank you everyone for joining us this morning. I see a lot of you are back to back to back, so thanks for joining and we are available for questions and calls, please check in with Tim and I if you have any. Thanks.
Operator: Ok, this concludes todays conference, you may disconnect at anytime.

===== 2008 Q1  (2008-05-19 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Timothy H. Powers - Chairman of the Board, President and CEO David G. Nord - Sr. VP and CFO
Analysts: Robert Cornell - Lehman Brothers Christopher Glynn - Oppenheimer Steven Gambuzza - Longbow Research
Operator: Good day and a welcome to the first quarter 2008 earnings release conference call for Hubbell Inc. Today's call is being recorded. Now for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Mr. David Nord, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer with Hubbell Inc. Please go ahead sir.
David G. Nord - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you Natasha and good morning to all of you. We released our first quarter earnings this morning and that release is available to you from a number of sources. Easiest way is to go to Hubbell website at hubbell.com and access the complete release by clicking on the investor information tab at the top and then financial release is on the drop-down menu. It's also available from the usual wire services. This conference call is simultaneously being webcast from the Hubbell website. Audio replays of the conference calls are available in three ways. First, you can have a telephone replay of the call starting two hours after its conclusion and that replay will be available for the next week. To access the telephone replay, dial 719-457-0820 and enter the passcode, which has 9128475. You may also hear the replay on the Hubbell website again from the Investor Relations tab and the audio archives in the drop-down or you can have this audio as a podcast by downloading it from the Hubbell website. Let me refer everyone listening to the call today and those who hear replay to the paragraph on our press release regarding forward-looking statements. That release and this call may contain some expectations based on some assumptions in the future and Hubbell's performance in the future particularly regarding our earnings. Clearly these comments are forward-looking. We also may make some comments here today during the call or answer questions which may include forward-looking statements. All of these involve inherent assumptions with known and unknown risks, and other factors that can cause our actual and future results to differ from what we may discuss or project here today. So please note that paragraph in the press release, I would like to consider incorporate it into the call here this morning by reference. With that, I'll turn it over to Tim Powers for some opening comments.
Timothy H. Powers - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks Dave. Good morning everyone and thanks for joining us. We'll follow the regular format where I'll give you my perspective on our first quarter results and the markets we serve, turn it over to Dave who will provide more of the details and then come back with some thoughts on the rest of the year. Before I do go, I would like to take this opportunity to thank Tom Conlin for his many years of service to Hubbell. Most of you know Tom who just last month informed me of his desire to retire earlier than anticipated. Tom served the Investor Relations function with distinction from more than 20 years and he will be missed. I thank him for his many contributions and wish him well in his retirement. David Nord will handle the day-to-day Investor Relations duties, while we complete the process of evaluating potential successors for Tom both internal and external. Thanks again, Tom. Turning to the first quarter results, I am pleased with our performance to start the year, particularly the continuing improvement in our operating profit margin, up nearly two points over the first quarter of last year and nearly a point better than Q4 2007. With sales of $627.9 million, this resulted in net income of $48.4 million, up 16%. Despite relatively flat sales due to weaknesses in certain of our markets particularly residential, our strong profit performance reflects continued execution in the three areas of focus; price, cost and productivity. Pricing continued to be a benefit although as expected at a lower level than last year. To date, it has been sufficient to effectively offset the commodity cost price equation. However, cost headwinds will provide more challenge as the year progresses and I will talk more about that later. Productivity gains from the investments in our initiatives over the last few years are beginning to gain traction and we'll continue to grow an importance to the margin expansion agenda we pursue. The economic environment while generally consistent with our expectations going into the year is nonetheless a challenge. Continuing weakness in the housing market and the evolving credit crisis have put a damper on the U.S. economy, particularly the construction industry. International and U.S. industrial maintenance and repair markets are experiencing early signs of slowing and the C&I lighting fixture business has been weaker than expected with the exception of fluorescent products. For the power business, growth in transmission products in international sales have been offset by slower demand for distribution voltage product sales and are being hampered by the residential market slump. Before I turn it over to Dave, let me comment on one other matter that impacts our reported results. At the beginning of this year, I realigned our internal operating organization, combining the electrical products and industrial technology businesses into one operating segment under the direction of Gary Amato. The combined operations are now referred to as the electrical products business and is reported as part of our electrical reporting segment. This change in internal reporting is required by the accounting rules for segments has resulted the change in the internal organization. So with that, I will turn it over to Dave for more details on the first quarter and then come back to address the reminder of the year from a market and a Hubbell perspective. Dave?
David G. Nord - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thanks, Tim. Let me go through some highlights of the quarter, some of the numbers and a little bit of color behind it. First on the P&L, we have sales of $627.9 million, up slightly from last year's $625.7 million. Weaker sales principally in our residential markets continued but those were more than offset by acquisitions and selling price increase. Acquisitions, late last year and the one that closed early this year, as well as the selling price increases added approximately 3% and 2% respectively to our top line growth. Gross profit margin, 29.8% up nicely from the 27.6% last year, selling and administrative cost as a percent of sales, 17.8% compared to 17.4% last year, and some of that increases is attributable to the lower volume as well as the impact of acquisitions and increased advertising. Net interest expense of $4.6 million, a little higher than last year's $4.1 million due to higher average borrowings used for both acquisitions and share repurchases. Our effective tax rate as we talked about in our guidance for the year with some headwind in the quarter consistent with our full year 30.5%, up from last year's first quarter of 29.7%. So while that results a net income of $48.4 million, which is up $6.7 million or 16% from last year, our diluted share account down 3.4 million shares as a result of our share repurchase program from last year and this year to $57 million shares and that results in our earnings per diluted share of $0.85, up 23% from the $0.69 reported in last year's first quarter. On the balance sheet, our cash includes payables of $8.1 million offset by an increase in receivables of $29.3 million, although DSOs, a lot of those sales came in the later part of the quarter. In fact, our DSOs are four days better than last year. Inventory up slightly, a little worse than last year, but there is some impact from acquisitions in there. So trade working capital was a net use of cash, a little higher than last year. Trade working capital as a percent of sales in the first quarter improved to 21.4% compared to 21.6% last year and net debt of $308.2 million compared to $119.4 million at the end of 2007. So our debt-to-cap in the first quarter 30% compared to 18% at year-end. Cash flow from operations of $32.4 million, down slightly from last year's first quarter has some higher working capital requirements in the first quarter of this year compared to last year, partially offset by lower pension contribution and of course the higher earnings. Our CapEx in the quarter is down by $8.8 million to $11.9 million, primarily due to the completion of the lighting headquarters in the first quarter of last year and share repurchase in a quarter was $92.2 million for the repurchase of 1.9 million shares. We turn now to the segments. First on the Electrical segment, sales of $470.3 million, up $8.5 million or 2% compared to last year's first quarter. Operating income of $50 million, up $11.3 million or 29% higher than last year resulting in a margin of 10.6%, up 220 basis points from the first quarter of 2007 due to price realization, improved productivity, and the favorable impact of the acquisition of Kurt Versen earlier this year. At some of the businesses within the Electrical segment, the wiring products, volume was essentially flat with profitability negatively impacted by the lower unit volume and higher commodity cost, but this was partially offset by productivity. On the Lighting side, overall sales were down slightly due to the lower residential volume, which was off just over 20% and that's largely offset by the acquisition of Kurt Versen and some selling price increases. The operating profit margins increased due to the selling price increases, the favorable contribution from Kurt Versen and productivity improvements. These increases of course were partially offset by the lower margins as you know, the residential business has... historically continues to have better than average margins within the lighting business. And on the Electrical Product side, good sales growth up over 7% due to selling price increases, a minimal amount of foreign currency translation, and continued good demand on the harsh and hazardous and high voltage products, and profitability continued to improve largely due to the higher sales, productivity gains and some profitable product mix. On the Power segment side, sales were $157.6 million, which is down $6.3 million or 4% from last year's first quarter. Sales were down year-over-year for a couple of reasons. One, year-over-year storm-related orders if you recall, we had some very strong volume in the first quarter of last year from storms some winter storms. We also had some working off some of the backlog that had built up in the latter part of 2006 and then, there was also... we also experienced some very soft market conditions early in the quarter, although the order rates improved very nicely as the quarter progressed and in fact we, as demonstrated by effect, we have a backlog up nearly $7 million from the end of the year in the Power segment. Despite the lower volumes, op was $25.3 million, up 100,000 from last year. Within the segment, we have the PCORE acquisition impact completed in the fourth quarter of last year. That contributed about 5% of sales and modestly accretive to earnings and also contributing to profitability where selling price increases productivity and some favorability in the product mix in the segment. So with that, I'll turn it back to Tim for some comments on as we go forward.
Timothy H. Powers - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Dave. Now, let's turn to the outlook for the balance of 2008. Looking at the markets overall, our plan for the year was based on a slowing U.S. economy with the rate of the slowdown still uncertain. Our largest served market, non-residential construction is forecasted to remain modestly positive for the remainder of 2008. We think [ph], put in place to be up 0% to 2%. Industrial production and MRO spending growth has slowed but are expected to remain positive for the rest of the year. Utility spending will continue to expand but much of it continuing to be toward transmission versus distribution. I think the distribution will be up to two to three points. And as expected, the residential markets will continue to decline at a rate comparable to 2007 and more rapidly than many had projected with the rate of decline flattening as we exit the year. So what does this mean for Hubbell? At this point, we continue to see the full-year 2008 increasing at 4% to 6% above 2007. Although with the slow start to the year and the impact of commodity cost-driven price increases, potentially having some dampening effect on demand, sales may be closer to the low end of the range and with our continuing focus on price realization, productivity and cost containment we continued to expect our full-year margins will improve 100 basis points over 2007 levels. And this results in our 2008 earnings per share expectation in the range of $3.70 to $3.90. So to conclude, our performance in the first quarter gives us confidence in our ability to continue to improve our margins despite weak markets. And we are carefully watching for any indications of further market weakness so as to be able to respond in an orderly fashion. Our focus and execution on our priorities continues to be key. We believe that our efforts will make 2008 another year of growth in sales and most importantly earnings for Hubbell. With that, I will turn it back to Dave to open the call to questions.
David G. Nord - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Okay, Tasha, I will turn it over to you to open it up to the question-and-answer session. Question and Answer
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. We'll take our first question from Robert Cornell with Lehman Brothers. Please go ahead.
Robert Cornell - Lehman Brothers: Hi. Good morning, everybody.
David G. Nord - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Good morning, Rob.
Robert Cornell - Lehman Brothers: I was interested in the comment you just made about the improvement in orders as you went through the quarter in power, could you just maybe expand on that point, please?
Timothy H. Powers - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: We started the year with kind of a weak opening to the year and the order rate per day increased throughout the quarter and our backlogs grew $7 million by the end of the quarter. And...
Robert Cornell - Lehman Brothers: Are these blanket contracts these utilities letting or what type of order you're seeing here?
Timothy H. Powers - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, Bob there's always a combination of discrete orders and releases against blankets, but I believe utilities themselves just got off to a slow start, they may have been watching inventories. But I don't think it's really going to affect our power business for the year. We're pretty comfortable that it's going to be up mid-single digits and we're looking for some small margin improvement on it. And the orders have continued into the second quarter at a strong rate. So we are pretty comfortable where we are.
Robert Cornell - Lehman Brothers: Yes, I guess the other comment you made was in lighting, you started to just talk about some of this... some of the evolving trends in non-res and some weakness in C&I, maybe you could expand on that point too?
Timothy H. Powers - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: Sure. Like everyone is reporting, fluorescent continues to be the technology of the day and the retrofits and energy upgrades are becoming an increasingly important part of the business and this type of lighting is becoming a substitute for high intensity discharge, HID lighting. So we're seeing a growth in fluorescent and some softness in some of the other types of lighting.
Robert Cornell - Lehman Brothers: Hey, just a general comment. I'll give up the phone here. I mean, it seems like the company is pushing price and margins at the expense of volume. I mean, is that a way right way to look at it, may be you could expand on that point?
Timothy H. Powers - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: I not consciously, certainly we have a focus on trying to improve our profit margins. But I don't think there is any conscious effort to do anything but get to the as higher top line as we possibly can generate.
Robert Cornell - Lehman Brothers: Okay. Thanks very much.
Timothy H. Powers - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: Sure.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Christopher Glynn from Oppenheimer. Please go ahead.
Christopher Glynn - Oppenheimer: Thanks. Good morning.
David G. Nord - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Good morning, Chris.
Christopher Glynn - Oppenheimer: Just a little on the top line guidance 4% to 6% I think, had pretty good detail on the Power System segment but that would imply some nice acceleration in the Electrical too relative to the first quarter. Just wondering where that might come from?
David G. Nord - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Actually, we think each one of the business groupings in the Electrical segment will experience growth with the exception of residential lighting of course and residential lighting is expected to decline more than 20% in line with housing starts. So, actually housing starts were expected to decline more like 30% but because not all of our residential businesses directly tied to new housing starts, some of it's in remodel and renovation those markets haven't declined at the same rate. But we believe that our wiring device business, our industrial business, our harsh and hazardous business and our C&I lighting business will all show growth in the mid-single, mid-to-upper single digits.
Christopher Glynn - Oppenheimer: Yes. What gets better from the first quarter though? Could you just elaborate on the pathway to that, because collectively the mid-single for those groupings, wasn't apparent in the first quarter number?
David G. Nord - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: We were comfortable that we're going to continue to see in the harsh and hazardous area a double-digit growth in sales. It's not as... not a huge part of our business, but it's 10% of the total sales of the company. We think that our industrial business will be high-single digit growth as its shown when you include 2% of unit growth with price. We think that our wiring device business will continue to show growth in our new products that it will be at a rate of growth above the market in general and that our C&I lighting business like others will continue to grow as our fluorescent business stays at high levels because of the retrofit and upgrades.
Christopher Glynn - Oppenheimer: Okay. And then just in breaking out the top line for the different segments you get the price for Power Systems if possible and then in Electrical, just breaking out the price, acquisitions, and currency?
David G. Nord - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Chris, the price overall was about 1.5, within Power it was one point so the Electrical side had a little more than 1.5 on price. Within Electrical, you also had about two points from the acquisition.
Christopher Glynn - Oppenheimer: Okay.
David G. Nord - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: And the rest is the volume.
Christopher Glynn - Oppenheimer: Got you. Okay. Thanks very much.
David G. Nord - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Okay.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from Jeff Hecht [ph] from Stifel Nicolaus. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Yes. Hi, Tim.
Timothy H. Powers - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
David G. Nord - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Hi Jeff.
Unidentified Analyst: A couple of questions. On the Power business, where the transmission remain strong or distribution weak, what does this doing to your inventories and what you think with the utilities, is there a backup and may be a buildup of inventories at low voltage distribution thats impacting your business as you shift into other products?
Timothy H. Powers - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: I think we had some of that issue in the tail end of last year. The last couple of quarters as business kind of slowed a little bit and distributors had blocked more than they need and maybe some utilities, I think that's dissipated by now. Most of that is dissipated by now. So I'm not really expecting the channel to have an overly large stock nor do we. The transmission business by its nature tends to be more make to order products. So as we get the orders for it, we build them and ship them. So it isn't a big portion. There is definitely some transmission products in stock but more of them are unique and made to order.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi. You have stopped reporting the Industrial Technology. buy can you provide us a little bit more on the growth within those former segments or you not going to make more than general commentary any more?
Timothy H. Powers - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: We will provide the elements within that the way we have in the past in general terms. But you could... you just for purposes of calculating this you take the Industrial Technology group and put it into the Electrical segment.
Unidentified Analyst: Right but you didn't report it, can you give us an idea of sales growth and profitability there, anything on that order.
Timothy H. Powers - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, to the extent... one of the reasons for combining it is, our GAI-Tronics business, which is industrial communications in the harsh and hazardous environment has been grouped with our other harsh and hazardous businesses, for purposes of linking the channel to market and our sales representation. And so that business really has been incurring the same kind of growth as our harsh and hazardous business more than 10%. So, it's a very strong business as is that whole group of businesses. The rest of them in there are showing the kinds of growth that industrial... our rest of our industrial businesses have, which is kind of mid-single digits.
Unidentified Analyst: In the industrial tech that you are not reporting is still showing high-teens type margins.
Timothy H. Powers - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Thank you.
Timothy H. Powers - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: Sure.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Levon Von Reden [ph] from Hockey Capital. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Yes. I want to know, in terms of your overall exposure to the non-res business, what percentage of your sales kind of go into that market?
Timothy H. Powers - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: 40%.
Unidentified Analyst: And in the next largest bucket would be?
Timothy H. Powers - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: Power at 25%.
Unidentified Analyst: And in the Electrical segment, any sense for, I know you listed out or talked about some of the things like wire, electrical, etcetera, any sense for what percentage of the sales come from each of those various groups that you kind of talked about, I know you talked about harsh and hazardous being 10% of total sales?
Timothy H. Powers - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: Well I think to talk about in general terms, the industrial market remains positive and I would say kind of mid-single digits. The utility business we think are coupled to 3% on the distribution side, closed to double digits or at double digits on the transmission sides. So if you add that together for us, mid-single digit improvement in sales for the utility business, on the non-residential construction business you have divided where a portion of the commercial activity is actually lower than last year by between 5% and 10% in the outlook so far and some other categories of the institutional and others are improving. So definitely, the non-residential market is slowing down and if I could characterize the primary reason that would be more than anything else, money and the availability of money and the financial crisis that we know is getting worked out, but certainly we'll take a couple of more quarters before borrowing for building projects becomes returns to the normal.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our next question will come from Steve Gambuzza from Longbow Research Capital. Please go ahead.
Steven Gambuzza - Longbow Research: Good morning.
Timothy H. Powers - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
David G. Nord - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Good morning.
Steven Gambuzza - Longbow Research: I'd just question on your outlook for operating margin improvement over the balance of the year, you demonstrated the success and were then improving the operating margin with the current flat to down organic sales growth in the first quarter and I guess, I'm just wondering when you look out for the balance of the year, how contingent is your operating margin forecast on your sales growth, the markets soften a little bit more than you anticipated and sales becoming lower, are you able to kind of achieve your targets through internal productivity initiatives, or does lack of fixed cost absorption start to become an issue towards the lower end of your sales range?
Timothy H. Powers - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, I would say the biggest variable in the future of our margins has more to do with the cost price equation and the coming increases in the cost of steel and the effect of hundred and something teen dollar per barrel of oil and our ability on the timeliness to recoup that from the market. So, like all of us in the electrical business, we're staring double-digit increases in steel and we have price increases out there in the markets. So our ability, I have no doubt in our ability to recoup it. It's a question of the timing to get back those cost increases with price increases and that probably is a bigger variable than I see in the risk of revenue between now and the end of the year.
Steven Gambuzza - Longbow Research: So, it doesn't sound like unit volume, is this big an issue for you?
Timothy H. Powers - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: Unit volume is flat to down and price obviously makes it higher and it took all of Hubbell together in the U.S. market and really that reflects, I think the general construction trends for this year. Thats exactly what we thought the year would be. So I don't think we see much difference at least at this point.
Steven Gambuzza - Longbow Research: So the balance of your forecast assumes kind of a continuation of kind of flat, to slightly down volume.
Timothy H. Powers - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes.
Steven Gambuzza - Longbow Research: Okay. All right. Thanks very much.
Timothy H. Powers - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: Sure.
Operator: [Operator Instructions.] It appears that we have no further questions at this time.
Timothy H. Powers - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, we thank you all for listening and certainly, we are opened for questions following this conference call for further clarity. So we thank you for joining us and say goodbye.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's teleconference. You may now disconnect your lines and have a great day.

===== 2007 Q4  (2008-01-24 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Thomas R. Conlin - VP of Public Affairs Timothy H. Powers - Chairman of the Board, President and CEO David G. Nord - Sr. VP and CFO
Analysts: Robert Cornell - Lehman Brothers Jeffrey Sprague - Citigroup Christopher Glynn - Oppenheimer Jeffrey Beach - Stifel Nicolaus Steven Gambuzza - Longbow Capital John Emrich - Ironworks Capital
Operator: Good day everyone. Welcome to the Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2007 Earnings Release Call for Hubbell Inc. Today's call is being recorded. Now for opening remarks and introduction I will like turn the call over to Mr. Tom Conlin, Vice President of Public Affairs with Hubbell Inc. Please go ahead, sir.
Thomas R. Conlin - Vice President of Public Affairs: Thank you Nicky. And good morning to all of you. We released our fourth quarter and full year earnings this morning at about 7:00 and those earnings and that release are available to you from a number of sources. The easiest way is to go to the Hubbell website at Hubbell.com and access the complete release by clicking on the Investor Information tab at the top, then Financial Releases on the drop down menu. It is also available from the usual wire service. This conference call is available today by telephone and is simultaneously being webcast also from the Hubbell website. Audio replays of the conference call are available in three ways, first, you can have the telephone replay of this call starting 2 hours from its conclusion and that replay will be available for the next week. To access the telephone replay dial 719-457-0820, and enter the passcode which is 5456476. You may also hear the replay on the Hubbell website again from the Investor Relations ad and the audio archives on the drop down menu or you can have this audio as a podcast by downloading it from hubbell.com, once again, on the Investor Information tab at the top. Let me refer everyone listening to the call today and those who hear our replay to the paragraph in our press release regarding forward-looking statements. That release and this call may contain some expectations based on some assumptions on the future and Hubbell's performance in the future particularly regarding our earnings. Clearly, these comments are forward-looking. We may also make some comments here today during the call or answer questions which may include forward-looking statements. All of these involve inherent assumptions with known and unknown risks and other factors than can cause our actual future results to differ on what we may discuss or project here today. So please note that paragraph in the press release and I would like to consider it incorporated into the call here this morning by reference. I'll turn the call over now to Tim Powers, CEO of Hubbell Incorporated for some comments on our fourth quarter results.
Timothy H. Powers - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks Tom. Good morning, everyone. Let me begin with some comments regarding the highlights of our results for 2007, then I will let David Nord take you through some of the details and I will come back to discuss the markets for what we see in 2008. Hubbell reported the highest sales, net income, earnings per diluted share, and cash flow from operations in our 120-year history. The results are directly attributable to the focus, hard work and dedication of our 12,000 employees. The fourth quarter was a strong finish to an excellent year. It continued to build on the improvements in operating performance that we have seen over the first three quarters of this year. The results have been accomplished despite the continuing challenge in the residential business. Sales in the fourth quarter of $614.7 million and operating profit margins 11.2% were up more than four full points from a similar period last year contributing to earnings per diluted share of $0.82, up 71%. This brings our full year sales to over $2.5 billion, up 5%, and more importantly operating margins up two full points to 11.8%. We continue our focus on three key elements. Price realization, cost containment and productivity improvements have been clearly effective in our drive to increase our operating margins and continued strong cash flow. Free cash flow was more than twice net income in the quarter and 134% for the year. Selling price increases continue to be an important contributor to our margin improvement efforts, although this will be less of a contributor in 2008. Programs to increase productivity and reduce costs are achieving success and contributing to margin expansion. The markets for our products remain consistent with our expectations. Order volume overall in non-residential construction and industrial maintenance and repair markets continue to show growth but at slowing rates. The residential market continues its decline and will probably show negative comparisons throughout next year. The market served by our Industrial Technology segment, particularly, the international markets provided strong demand in specialty communications and industrial applications. From my perspective, a strong quarter and a great finish to an excellent year. A one that provides a solid foundation to the market challenge we are likely to experience in 2008. Now I have Dave to give you more details on the results and come back with some views on the markets and next year. Dave.
David G. Nord - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: All right. Thanks Tim. Good morning. Let me take a few minutes to go through the consolidated results on P&L and cash flow and then we'll get into a little more color on the segments. First on the P&L in the fourth quarter, sales were $614.7 million, which is up 4.4% from last year's fourth quarter. Our selling price increases accounted for about half of the increase with the remainder due to combination of acquisitions and foreign currency translation offset by continuing lower residential volume. Gross profit margin was 29.5%, up nearly 2 points from last year. This was principally driven by price realization and excess of commodity cost increases, and productivity improvements. Selling and administrative cost as a percent of sales were 18.3%, up from the 18% we saw in last year's fourth quarter. The workforce reduction cost that we referred to in the fourth quarter, negatively impacted this line by 50 basis points. So on a comparable basis it's down slightly year-over-year. Net interest expense was $3.7 million higher than last year's $3.1 million due to cash investments as we use for acquisitions and our higher share repurchase levels this year. The effective tax rate in the quarter was 25.2% higher than last year's by 3.3, as we note, in the quarter we had a $0.05 benefit associated with adjustments principally around settlement of open tax years, absent that, the rate would have been 29% in the quarter. Net income... so all this results to net income of $48 million, which is up $18.8 million or 64% from last year's fourth quarter and earnings per diluted share of $0.82, up 71% from the $0.48 we reported last year. For the full year, we finished with sales of $2.53 billion, up 5% from the $2.41 billion reported last year. Net operating profit margin of 11.8%, more than 2 points higher last year's 9.7% due to the selling price increase in excess of commodity costs and improved productivity including freight and logistics, and cost containment initiatives executed throughout the year. So net income finished at $208.3 million, up $50.2 million or 32% from last year and earnings per diluted share of $3.50, up 35% from the $2.59 we reported last year. Turning now to cash flow, in the fourth quarter cash flow from operations was a $114 million, double the amount from last year's fourth quarter due to improved working capital performance and higher earnings. Capital expenditures were $11 million in the quarter, down $8 million from last year's fourth quarter as last year had the higher spending associated with their new lighting headquarters building and the spending on the implementation of our enterprise reporting systems. So free cash flow in the quarter of $103 million compares to $37 million last year. Acquisition expenditures in the quarter were $50 million, principally for the PCORE acquisition in our Power segment that closed on October 1st. Share repurchases in the quarter were $19.7 million or a little over 300,000 shares. For the full year, cash flow from operations was $335 million, significant improvement from last year's $140 million due to better working capital, primarily at inventory and higher earnings. Trade working capital as a percent of sales for the year was 19.8%, compared to 22% last year. Capital expenditures for the year were $55.9 million, down $30.9 million from the 06 levels. As we completed the lighting headquarters early this year and had significantly reduced cost associated with our enterprise system implementation. So free cash flow for the year of $279 million compares with $53 million last year, 134% of net income well above our the 100% target we set earlier in the year. And cash used for share repurchase for the full year 2007 was $193.1 million for the purchase of 3.6 million shares, compared to $95.1 million for $2.1 million shares in '06. So the balance sheet finishes the year strong with good cash flow performance, some deployment of that for share repurchase and acquisition. But we finished the year with net debt of $119.4 million, compared to $138.7 at end of 2006. Let's turn now to the segment results in the fourth quarter on the Electrical segment first, sales of $388.7 million, essentially flat at 2006, but included in there is a residential lighting business, which was down 24%. Operating income was $30.8 million, up $11.7 million or 61% from 2006. Operating margin in the quarter of 7.9%, up full three points from the fourth quarter '06, and this includes the impact of the incremental fourth quarter cost reduction costs year-over-year and the drag from the lower volume in the residential lighting business, combined these two impact the margin in the segment by nearly three full points year-over-year. Within the segment, we had volume increases in wiring and electrical products while the lighting was down principally for residential. The wiring growth was mid single digit essentially flat operating profit due to the impact of the product quality issue that was resulted in the fourth quarter we mentioned on the last call earlier in the quarter there was some continuing cost associated with that and the charges associated with the workforce reductions. On the lighting side, some growth in the C&I business while residential was down 24% as I mentioned. Operating profits though increased 54% due to good price realization in excess of commodity cost increases and productivity improvements including strategic sourcing and value engineering. And the electrical products component of that segment had 18% volume growth, big driver being in the harsh and hazardous markets. Operating profit more than doubled due to the price increase in excess of cost productivity gains and some favorable product mix. Turning now to the Power segment, sales were $159.6 million, up $12.8 million or 9% from last year's fourth quarter, operating profit of $23.2 million, up 61%. The PCORE acquisition contributed $7 million of sales in the quarter. Price realization in excess of commodity costs was about $2 million in the quarter, and productivity improvements from strategic sourcing initiatives, as well as some good product mix contributed to the increase. And on the Industrial Technology side, the story there continues that we have experienced throughout the year, sales of $66.4 million, up $13.2 million or 25% from last year, with operating profit of $14.6 million, up 78%. The acquisition we completed in the fourth quarter of last year Australia contributed about 5 points on the sales increase. And the operating margin improvement was broad-based due to all the things that we focused on this year, higher volume, price increases and productivity. So, turning now to the full year just a close out 07 on the segments. Electrical sales of $1.63 billion, up 1% with operating income of $151 million, up 21%. Margin of 9.2 up from the 7.6, and that includes the negative impact of the residential decline that the Electrical segment faced. Within the segment, the similar trends as in the quarter with volume increases have wiring and electrical products and the full year down in lighting principally due to residential. On the Power side, sales of $636.6 million were up 62.9 or 11% and operating profit of 97.3, up 28%. So, Lenoir City acquisition that we completed in the middle of 2006 and the PCORE acquisition late in 07 contribute about two-thirds of the sales growth and about a quarter of the operating profit growth, compared to 2006. More significant to the operating profit increase was very good price realization and good management of the commodity cost increases as well as productivity improvements including the strategic sourcing and freight and logistics. The Industrial Technology side, sales finished the year at $257.4 million, up $48 million or 23%, and operating profit of $51.1 million, up 53%. The Austdac acquisition accounted for about 10 points of the sales increase and the operating profit increase attributable to all of the things that we have focused on throughout the year price, cost and productivity, So, with that I'll turn it back over to Tim.
Timothy H. Powers - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks Dave. Let's review the outlook for our markets. The manufacturing sector will continue to show growth but at very modest levels with continuing strength in the Energy sector both domestically and internationally. We'll provide some on growing support in this area. On the non-residential side, the overall market will slow to low single digits perhaps being flat to 2007 for periods during the year. The residential market will continue to be difficult, I believe the market will decline at a rate of 25% to 30% next year this would put single family housing starts at 700,000 to 800,000 unit level with a possible bottoming late next year. Of course, since our business is at the end of the construction cycle, we won't see any turnaround in our residential business until 2009. The utility market continues to grow, but with some bias towards transmission versus distribution. I think the fundamentals of this market support continuing modest growth. The two variables to our economic outlook continue to be the unfolding crisis in the credit market and the price of commodities particularly energy, each of which is contributing to the slowing U.S. economy. So, what does all this mean for next year? In 2008, we expect sales to increase 4% to 6%, excluding any effects of the fluctuation of foreign currency exchange rates. Sales increases compared with 2007 are expected to be relatively balanced across our three segments. Within the Electrical segment the acquisition of Kurt Versen will essentially offset the continuing decline in the residential market in 2008. The full year impact of 2007 acquisitions is expected to contribute 2% to 3% to these amounts. Operating margins are expected to improve by 1 point compared to 2007. In 2008, we will continue to focus on the same areas as in 2007; price, productivity and cost. These key initiatives are expected to benefit operating margins including the expansion of global product sourcing initiatives, improved battery productivity and the continuing improvements using lean processes. The tax rate increased from 26.7% in 2007 to 30.5% in 2008 is due to the completion of the 2004 and 2005 Federal tax audits in 07, with the absence of the R&D tax credits and higher U.S. earnings in 2008. Earnings per share in 2008 is expected to be in the range of $3.70 to $3.90. And with that, we will open it up to questions.
Thomas R. Conlin - Vice President of Public Affairs: Nicky if you would repeat the procedure for asking a question, we will proceed to that. Question And Answer
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. We are going to take our first question from Robert Cornell with Lehman Brothers.
Robert Cornell - Lehman Brothers: Hi everybody.
Timothy H. Powers - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: Hi Bob.
Robert Cornell - Lehman Brothers: You mentioned the Electrical was up nicely year-over-year, but it wasn't that strong sequentially as I might have thought. So you mentioned the cost reductions that type of thing. If you go back over what actually happened in the fourth quarter in electrical, wiring, lighting, Hubbell Electrical Products and give some more visibility into whatever is going on there?
David G. Nord - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Sure Bob, I think one of the things as you look at it at a high level, I think you probably focused on the margin from sequentially from Q3 to Q4 down about three points.
Robert Cornell - Lehman Brothers: Right.
David G. Nord - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Just about half of that is associated with the cost reduction. And then another big piece of it is we have a normal trend as we have talked about from Q3 to Q4 were volumes down and you lose some on the conversion there. And then the other drivers is on the residential side, residential continued to decline and we saw some pressure on margins in the residential business as we finished the year, some attributable to some product returns, so put some pressure on the margins there.
Robert Cornell - Lehman Brothers: Actually, you sourced most of that stuff, it's not that volume sensitive, so why would the... when you see the pressure on margins and the resi business?
Timothy H. Powers - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: I think one of the reasons you see that pressures is that while we do source the product, there is still a cost infrastructure, particularly the direct sales force, we haven't took any actions to reduce the direct sales force anywhere near the level of the volume decline because you just can't do that. And so there is a negative margin drag with volume, you can't cover it all.
Robert Cornell - Lehman Brothers: So, you passed the critical mass point of view, I get it.
Timothy H. Powers - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: Okay.
Robert Cornell - Lehman Brothers: For a while you were able to hold the margins, but now the volumes are down so much you rally... you got an infrastructure cost that's impacting the margins?
David G. Nord - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, I think its one of those things you adjust in steps rather than on a sort of a flowing basis, and we continue to trim our overhead costs and adjust them as we can in step function, but certainly when you are getting 25% and 30% year-over-year declines, its not a smooth movement.
Robert Cornell - Lehman Brothers: So David, you finished with that answer to the follow-up is, I mean, in the guidance what do you have anticipated for the electrical business in terms of growth in sales and OP and that type of thing?
David G. Nord - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Most of the increase in the margins are going to come from the Electrical segment because that's clearly the segment that still has... is still trailing the market. I think we have seen on the power and industrial technology, some very good performance. So I think they are improving year-over-year on the margin side will be very modest and more focused on the volume growth for them. On the Electrical segment, we are looking at more of the improvement and getting that segment up probably close to a 1.5 point, since that's about 60% of our business with mid single-digit volume growth.
Robert Cornell - Lehman Brothers: One other questions, sorry I mean, just an update on Spokane, Bristol [ph]?
Timothy H. Powers - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: We have commenced the restructuring and the moving from Spokane. Bristol is operating normally.
Robert Cornell - Lehman Brothers: You are starting to move product again to complete that move?
Timothy H. Powers - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes.
Robert Cornell - Lehman Brothers: And you don't expect any adverse impact on the margins as the result of that?
Timothy H. Powers - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: No.
Robert Cornell - Lehman Brothers: Okay, thanks. I have taken enough of your time, thank you.
Timothy H. Powers - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. And we will take our next question from Jeff Sprague with Citigroup.
Jeffrey Sprague - Citigroup: Hello everybody.
Timothy H. Powers - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Jeff.
David G. Nord - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Hi, Jeff.
Jeffrey Sprague - Citigroup: Hi, just a couple of questions. First, Tim, just a point of clarification, you said next year a couple of times when we are talking about res, did you mean 08 or 09, just a little unclear whether you really...
Timothy H. Powers - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: 08, we are saying that new housing starts are going to be down 25% and really a big chunk of our residential business... the residential lighting business is key to that particular part of the residential market, and I think it's going to decline perhaps more than our current forecast out their predict, but in our view and in our plan that's what we have, 25% reduction.
Jeffrey Sprague - Citigroup: Right, and therefore you've got some pressure into '09 just given the lagging nature of your business?
Timothy H. Powers - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, we have a 4 to 6 month lag to housing starts on the lighting side of our business.
Jeffrey Sprague - Citigroup: And then Dave, you kind of bounced around this a little bit, but just trying to tie together some of the pieces of the revenue composition in the quarter. I guess if I look at... power revenues were up 9, looks like may be peak or at it, that $7 million was may be 5 points up. It seems to me was kind of 4% core, can you give us the sense of price versus volume in the power business?
David G. Nord - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Price... of the 9, about half was from the acquisitions. And the other half was a combination of price probably about half of that you know may be about 2 points of price with the rest currency... little bit of currency and then volume. As we mentioned, we had a little incremental storm volume from the ice storms in the Midwest.
Jeffrey Sprague - Citigroup: The volume is basically flat in power and...
David G. Nord - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, on the distribution side you could say there is continuing softness in the market right now. So that I mean we are just seeing that as a continuing situation.
Jeffrey Sprague - Citigroup: And it sounds like electrical volume is basically flat, although again that's largely tied to lighting. Can you give us a sense of volumes ex-lighting in the Electrical segment?
David G. Nord - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: No, that's right. They are about flat on core volume ex to resi.
Jeffrey Sprague - Citigroup: Okay, that's flat ex-resi and with resi, your core volumes are down how much in electrical?
Timothy H. Powers - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: About 3%.
Jeffrey Sprague - Citigroup: And then Tim, just a bigger picture question may be on that, I mean you continue to highlight prices and opportunity, just I guess the question mark some of us have, certainly I have is just with not a lot of volume growth and an economy that's may be faltering a little bit, I mean how you really feel about being able to get price on flat volumes?
Timothy H. Powers - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: We think that next year the price will be half of the impact that it is this year, more in the 1 plus percent range. Certainly, there are products that are very much impacted by energy costs and really that's the key driver at the moment for oil year-over-year as even though it's down from the quarter, it's been up significantly. So it's a driver in the operation of our plans in inflation for us. So, but I agree with you in a softer market there will be less of an impact and that's our view next year. It will be there, but it will be smaller.
Jeffrey Sprague - Citigroup: And could you tell us how much the C&I lighting business was up in the quarter?
David G. Nord - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: C&I was up a couple percent, mostly on price.
Jeffrey Sprague - Citigroup: And may be just one last macro one for me. Tim, you actually were may be a year ago a little more bearish on commercial construction, kind of ahead of the market, expressing any concern. Now your comment of flat actually sounds a little more optimistic than some of the big forecasters like AII and Portland Cement and all these guys are putting out. Could you just give us a little more color on how you just see the complexion of the whole commercial cycle playing out?
Timothy H. Powers - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: Sure. I think, if you're looking at awards, you are looking at a negative number which has implications for '09. But if you look at put in place, its closer to flat or flat, and that's where you sell the product. So I think that we're still looking at a relatively level playing field for '08. As we put this, we finish up the jobs that have been started for sometime. I think it indicates that '09 will be a year of declining put in place activity for the non-residential markets, and then again that's subject to what's going on in the credit markets and which still has a big impact of how much the US economy is gone move forward and at what rate.
Jeffrey Sprague - Citigroup: I am sorry, may be I'm going on, but may be just one more different topic. Any change... the weakness in D part of C&D, obviously understandable its kind of the resi high, any change in kind like complexion of the demand on the more project side, I mean there has been some MRO activity, but anything beyond that apparent?
Timothy H. Powers - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: No, I think we see a steadily slowing growth in the business in general, with the exception of the residential business which is continuing decline at a pretty good pace. So, we are taking the kinds of actions you would expect us to which are adding to our portfolio of buying back shares. We have done an excellent job of generating cash this year and putting that to work, so you can expect for... to see us perhaps more aggressive in the M&A area certainly to combat the slowness in the general economy.
Jeffrey Sprague - Citigroup: Great, thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. And we will take our next question from Christopher Glynn with Oppenheimer.
Christopher Glynn - Oppenheimer: Hi, thanks. Top line growth in the quarter came in at above 4%; I think the guidance was 4% to 8%. What didn't happen in the quarter and maybe specifically take another timing of non-res project completions perhaps?
Timothy H. Powers - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: I would say, Chris, that the last two weeks of December were slower than we anticipated they would be. I wouldn't attribute... I would distribute that more to distributor actions than anything certainly maybe they are becoming more conservative about their level of inventories, but we saw it in a number of our businesses where even though we calculate very closely, week three and week four of December and what the follow-ups might be they were a little bit bigger than normal. But January is coming back to kind of our expectations, so I think it's just a general indication of the level of concern of all of us on the U.S. economy slowing down.
David G. Nord - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Well Chris, also... just a little point, our view was that it was four to five if I recall our guidance was four to five. So it's a little bit, we are on the low-end of that, but while there was some slowness it wasn't really a significant, we are talking in the $5 million to $10 million range.
Christopher Glynn - Oppenheimer: Okay and I must have missed it, I [ph] remembered.
David G. Nord - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, not a big surprise... there is nothing other the ordinary in all of this.
Christopher Glynn - Oppenheimer: Okay. And on the 4% to 6% top line for next year, I guess just stepping back at 5% this year we would certainly expect slower next, but I guess the acquisition is the delta there, the acquisitions?
David G. Nord - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes.
Christopher Glynn - Oppenheimer: Okay.
David G. Nord - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: That's an acquisition about half.
Christopher Glynn - Oppenheimer: Okay, and with regard to Power Systems acquisitions, PCORE and Lenoir City was about two-thirds the top line only the quarterly operating profit first year in there, what's kind of a swing factor and then coming up to segment level margins in 08?
Timothy H. Powers - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: Well PCORE has initial purchase accounting matters which is holding back its earnings, but Lenoir City has already attained earnings equal to the average of the segment. So, I think you will see PCORE as the year goes along strengthen its margin and get up to at or above the segment margin.
Christopher Glynn - Oppenheimer: Okay, and on Kurt Versen, can we get a little detail on the size of that business and the margins I believe it's pretty high margin business?
Timothy H. Powers - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: It is a high margin and it's an excellent addition to our lighting lineup. It is the probably best known indoor specified down light business in the U.S. market. Certainly it's just another brand that will help lock some specifications and help us win some jobs and it's located in New Jersey and has very good access to the New York City market which we are expecting will strengthen our position there and the New York City market we would expect to be pretty good over the next couple of years as there is a number of construction projects that are expected to take place. Businesses in the $50 million range in sales, but quite good margins.
Christopher Glynn - Oppenheimer: Okay and could we revisit, I think, you might have commented on the third quarter, but what kind of benefits you are expecting from the work force reduction in '08?
David G. Nord - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Generally speaking, it's a little bit less in a one year pay back and it was $7 million.
Christopher Glynn - Oppenheimer: Okay, okay great thanks a lot.
David G. Nord - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Okay.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from Jeff Beach with Stifel Nicolaus.
Jeffrey Beach - Stifel Nicolaus: Again congratulations on a good quarter.
David G. Nord - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thanks Jeff.
Timothy H. Powers - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank You.
Jeffrey Beach - Stifel Nicolaus: A couple of things. In Industrial Technology the sales continue to boom, the margins continue to move to all time highs is this the orientation around basic industry and a lot of energy infrastructure and is it likely we are going to see this kind of strength to continue into not necessarily this pace of growth but is this likely going to be one of your best performing segment you see and a weak economy in 2009?
Timothy H. Powers - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes the answer to that is clearly yes, the underlying support for infrastructure investment in the energy related sector and also as you know we have our test business of Hipotronics and Haefely and the expansion of utility infrastructure particularly on the transformer side is where they participate and this is a world leading market share company for this test equipment for transformers, and there continues to be a huge demand for this product and we don't see anything happening but upward movement on this for 2008.
Jeffrey Beach - Stifel Nicolaus: All right. Residential lighting with the volume continuing to drop-off, can you make a commentary about the profitability of that business, is it still holding in the double-digits?
Timothy H. Powers - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, the answer to that is yes. We think it will be in the low teens for 2008. We are managing as best we can, our infrastructure costs, and the hardest part in something like this is maintaining your inventories and balance while you are keeping business at a declining rate of 20% or 25%, but I think we are doing a pretty good job on that score. And the good news for us is that the forecast is for a turnaround in 2009. So, hopefully we can see the end of the decline for this very strong business segment for us, and I hope that bodes well for our improvement and profit in 09.
Jeffrey Beach - Stifel Nicolaus: All right. Last question. Pretty strong stock buyback in 2007, but as the stock price has gone lower; it didn't look to be a high level in the fourth quarter. Are you looking here and trying to weigh M&A against stock purchases or is this a price level where you anticipate being very aggressive?
Timothy H. Powers - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, for one thing certainly we had the impending purchase of Kurt Versen at $100 million. So, for us it was lining up the money for that, and certainly we think that the share price is as all companies would not value correctly. It looks like an opportunity, so I think all stocks around sale at the moment just from the mentality of the market, so take that for what its worth.
Jeffrey Beach - Stifel Nicolaus: All right thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And we will take our next question from Steven Gambuzza with Longbow Capital.
Steven Gambuzza - Longbow Capital: Good morning.
Timothy H. Powers - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
David G. Nord - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Good morning.
Steven Gambuzza - Longbow Capital: On the share repurchase question, how much have you incorporated within your guidance for 2008?
David G. Nord - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: What's included in there is essentially an amount to offset dilution roughly 1 million... 1.2 million shares, take the price times that $50 million to $60 million right now.
Steven Gambuzza - Longbow Capital: Okay.So, there is really no net reduction in share count.
David G. Nord - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: That's correct.
Steven Gambuzza - Longbow Capital: And presumably acquisition opportunities don't materialize during the course of the year you might look the use of cash flow to buyback stock?
Timothy H. Powers - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: We do.
Steven Gambuzza - Longbow Capital: Okay. I am just still wondering if you could expand on two comments in the release. The first was the $0.07 charge for workforce reductions in the quarter, could you just elaborate on what exactly that is?
Timothy H. Powers - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: Sure we had a early retirement plan or offering to our employees, and looking at the softness in 2008 I wanted to see if we could reduce our overhead cost incrementally so that's what the nature of the cost reduction was, it was broad-based across the company and it was 100 or so employees. It was not some huge magnitude thing, but was senior employees with lots of seniority and fairly well paid.
Steven Gambuzza - Longbow Capital: Do you get the sense of that... did that action is complete or would you expect similar initiatives in 2008?
David G. Nord - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Right now, if the economy excess we think it will in our guidance I would not expect other major actions, however, if the economy softens and certainly like all other companies we would move quickly to further reduce our overheads matching further weaknesses.
Steven Gambuzza - Longbow Capital: And now, I was hoping just to get a little more color on the comment regarding weakness in distribution-related utility products. I was wondering... it seems like I can certainly understand why certain products that might be tied to new customer connects would be weak, but given the overall trends and kind of the utilities are continuing to grow there, reliability driven, distribution spending which is why I am saying the majority of the CapEx. It just seems kind of a large of what the industry is talking about, I am just wondering if there might be some channel issues in terms of the inventory issues within the distribution channel is causing some of those weakness for you?
David G. Nord - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I think you probably have it right and I don't think there is any channel distribution issues. Certainly it's the line up of your product and where utilities were spending money and where they are spending money today is in automation systems of meter reading and the kinds of things where you can automate a substation get electronic feedback as to the performance of your system. So we make a lot of bread and butter parts that go with... upgrade and retrofit but if you are doing automation you are going to be focusing your attention more on software and interconnect, and that seems to be where part of the money is going along with, I would say a reliability drive at the moment to replace and upgrade power transformers. So, I think if you are talking about the range of power transformers about 20 MVA, you are seeing continued extremely strong demand. If you are talking about distribution transformers, which would be more in the range of what goes near homes, you are seeing a tremendous weakness. So it really is where utilities are investing their money right now, I agree with you that they are spending more money and they will continue to spend more money. So, I think we are just having some softness related to the dramatic decline in the residential, but I think that certainly they will continue to spend more money in '08 than '07, and I think they will spend more money in '09 than '08. So there are things like that are still going upward.
Steven Gambuzza - Longbow Capital: What percentage of your utility sales, go through distribution versus direct sale?
David G. Nord - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I would say probably 75% of our utility business goes through distribution, because it's the nature of our products that fit that. As you move up in the apparatus levels, so to transformers and things like that, those are direct sales. But what our utility distributors provide for public utilities is logistic support for things that take up an enormous amount of space and for which there are thousands of different skews. So, what they do is keep a lot of that in stock and deliver to the job site and to the depots what's needed for line cruise on a pretty short-term basis.
Steven Gambuzza - Longbow Capital: I guess, what would you look for in terms of a signal that perhaps industry spending might be which continues to be robust might start shifting more towards your product set?
Timothy H. Powers - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: Well I think, for one thing we are enjoying and increasing amount of transmission business and the total spending in the T&D area historically is about 80% for distribution and 20% for transmission, and that transmission component continues to grow. I think that we will continue to see flatness for a while, while housing continues to contract. I think the utilities will shift their spending pattern to the kinds of things that are bringing them better reliability and efficiency to their grid, which is substation automation, which is replacing and upgrading small amounts of transmission lines in the 50 to 100 mile length. So you would see upgrades from say a 144 KV to 345, that kind of thing you can witness just about any crossroads you come to in the United States. So, a lot of that going on where the amount has slowed down is in underground utility components that would be for residential and in some parts of the U.S. above ground, but about half of our business is repairing replacement at least half and so that part is going to go on regardless. So I think just the flattening is the incremental impact of slowing housing starts.
Steven Gambuzza - Longbow Capital: Okay, thank you.
Timothy H. Powers - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: Sure.
Steven Gambuzza - Longbow Capital: Thanks a lot.
Timothy H. Powers - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from Stuart Tavin from Mason Capital [ph].
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, good morning. I have a question about the share buybacks. In the fourth quarter, how many A's and how many B's did you buyback? And then a follow-up about the price differential between the A's and B's starting in the third quarter and continue into the fourth, the A's were priced at a significant premium to the B's and I'm just curious why you would continue to buy those shares when the B's are lower priced and more liquid? Thank you.
David G. Nord - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I don't have all those details here in front of me, I will tell you that we buy under as you are aware we have 10b5 program that applies to both the A's and the B's which we put in place last year, so some of the purchases are happening under that program automatically. But I can get back to you with the specifics regarding the A's, B's and the price.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. But philosophically speaking, would you continue to buy A shares as they are in a premium to the B's? And given that there were enough A share purchases that presumably not all of them were related to the 10b5-1 program?
David G. Nord - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: We will continue to buy both shares. Normally we would buy a great deal of more of the B's than the A's. That would be typical.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, thank you.
David G. Nord - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And we'll take our next question from John Emrich with Ironworks Capital.
John Emrich - Ironworks Capital: Thank you. I am pretty new to this story. I just had a couple of general questions. Your forecast, if you take out a little bit from that the contribution from acquisitions during 07 into 08, you are still forecasting some level of organic revenue growth in 08, is that correct?
David G. Nord - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes.
John Emrich - Ironworks Capital: Okay. And total company, the run rate today, it's obviously gotten smaller. What is your current exposure, percentage of total revenue to both, residential and non-residential construction?
David G. Nord - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Non-residential continues to run about 40% of our business. On the residential side including all business, not just the residential lighting, we have moved down from 15% last year to 12% in '07 and I think you can expect that with the trends, particularly in lighting, to probably move down a point or two for '08.
John Emrich - Ironworks Capital: And I guess, I should ask the question clarification because some of that is for res and non-res would be new construction and a chunk would be the replacement market I guess?
Timothy H. Powers - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, but you would say that you know by and large new construction drives the day. I would say probably. More than half of our business is related directly to new construction.
John Emrich - Ironworks Capital: All right, that's helpful. Do you have any international exposure either direct or through export?
Timothy H. Powers - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: We have very small, I mean if you consider Canada and Mexico as the home market in the Americas, North America, then we only have 6% or 7% of our total revenue that's outside of that, we are primarily a NAFTA company.
John Emrich - Ironworks Capital: Okay, super. I'll follow up after the call, thanks a lot.
Timothy H. Powers - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. And we have no further questions at this time.
Thomas R. Conlin - Vice President of Public Affairs: All right, Nicky, thank you for you help today and our thanks to everyone that called in. And we will speak to you in about three months.
Operator: And this does conclude today's conference. Thank you for your participation, you may now disconnect.
